THE

Statutes At Large

From the First Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the FIRST

To the Third Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the SECOND.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

VOLUME the FIFTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket;

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXIII.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING,

The TITLES of the ACTS from the First Year of the Reign of George I. to the Third Year of the Reign of George II.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 1. Georgii I. Stat. 1.

1. An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

2. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the land-tax for the Year 1714. and for raising so much as is wanting to make up the Sum of fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by a Lottery for the public Service in the said Year.

3. An Act to enable Persons now residing in Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices and Employments in Ireland.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 1. Georgii I. Stat. 2.

1. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1715.

2. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, and Lottery tickets, lost, burnt or destroyed; for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries, and for making forth new Orders in Lieu of certain Lottery orders obliterated or defective; for continuing certain Duties on Hops, until the first Day of August 1715.

3. An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty's Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

4. An Act to explain the Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better Securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

5. An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing Rioters.

6. An Act for making perpetual an Act of the Seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act in relation to the Payment of Tithes and Church Rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration.

7. An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third.

8. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

9. An Act for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion, by enforcing and making more effectual an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty's Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces and their Quarters.

10. An Act for making more effectual her late Majesty's gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy.

11. An Act to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than five Horses in Length.

12. An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer- Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that Building was carried on at the Expence of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

14. An Act for making the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, more useful; and for obliging an annual Account to be made of Trophy-Money.

15. An Act to make an Act of the tenth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Act of the seventh Year of her said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York.

16. An Act for the Attainder of Henry Viscount Bolingbrooke of High Treason, unless he shall render himself to Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

17. An Act for the Attainder of James Duke of Ormond of High Treason, unless he shall render himself to Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

18. An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbets in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England.

19. An Act for raising nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for Publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to authorize a Treaty concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar-houses in Scotland.

20. An Act for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords and Tenants there, who have been or shall be guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies and Conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures that may have been, or shall be incurred there on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; and for the better disarming disaffected Persons in Scotland.

21. An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock and yearly Fund of the South-Sea Company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, to publick Uses; and for raising one hundred and sixty-nine thousand Pounds for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities upon divers Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty.

22. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

23. An Act for making Provision for the Ministers of the fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the said City of London.

24. An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine and state the Debts due to the Army.

25. An Act to prevent Disturbances by Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his Majesty's Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamens Wages; and reviving and continuing an Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

26. An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to Coals, Hemp and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the Assize of Bread; and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for taking and stating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

28. An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule-Vacance.

29. An Act for allowing a Time for two hundred and thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act of the seventh Year of her late Majesty's Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

30. An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

31. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716.

32. An Act to attaint John Earl of Marr, William Murray, Esq; commonly called Marquiss of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond, Esq; commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason.

33. An Act for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied or shall levy War against his Majesty.

34. An Act for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

35. An Act to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining and stating the Debts due to the Army, in the Room of Thomas Smith, Esq; deceased; and for continuing the former Act until the tenth Day of March 1716.

36. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716. and for compelling several Receivers to finish and clear their Accounts; and for making Duplicates of Exchequer- Bills, Lottery-Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets; and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act, for the Service of the Year 1710; and for recovering Monies of several Land-Taxes, resting in the Hands of Collectors or Constables at St. Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Sope; and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes and other Things therein mentioned.

37. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown in North Wales, and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales and Earldom of Chester have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales; and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

38. An Act for enlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and calling of Parliaments.

39. An Act to indemnify such Persons, who have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

40. An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited.

41. An Act for giving Liberty to Persons, who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the making Bays within the said Town.

42. An Act for the Attainder of George Earl of Marischall, William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of Southesque, James Earl of Panmuir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

43. An Act to continue Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money, and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; and for the appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty.

44. An Act for the continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City.

45. An Act for holding the Assise for the County of Cornwall, at a convenient Place within the said County.

46. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing Leaves or other Things to resemble Tobacco, and the Abuses in making and mixing of Snuff.

47. An Act for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert, or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty's Service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey.

48. An Act to encourage the Planting of Timber-Trees, Fruit-Trees and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit, and for the better Preservation of the same; and for the preventing the Burning of Woods.

49. An Act to revive and continue an Act of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East-Riding of the County of York.

50. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Publick.

51. An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the farther Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subjects, as enacts, That no Person, who should come to the Possession of the Crown, shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament.

52. An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual.

53. An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Forster junior, Esq; and William Mackintosh, Esq; (commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh) of High Treason.

54. An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland.

55. An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates.

56. An Act to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from sitting and voting in the House of Commons, who has any Pension for any Number of Years from the Crown.

57. An Act for better regulating Hackney-Coaches, Carts, Drays, Carrs and Waggons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, Drays, Cans and Waggons.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii

1. An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a Commission to some Persons in England, to administer to Henry Temple, Esq; and Luke King, Gentleman, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

2. An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, to administer to Thomas Hopkins, Esq; the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer and Gauger in the Port of Dublin.

3. An Act for settling the Precedency of Robert Marquiss of Lindsey, Great Chamberlain of England, when created a Duke of Great Britain, and of such as shall succeed to the said Honour.

4. An Act for appointing Persons to take Care of the Person and Estate of John Digby, Esq; eldest Son and Heir apparent of William Lord Digby in the Kingdom of Ireland.

5. An Act for vesting in the Warden and College of All Souls in Oxford, and their Successors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of St. Mary in Oxford.

6. An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a Commission to some Persons in Great Britain, to administer to Henry Temple, Esq; the usual Oaths for due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

7. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Betts, Gentleman, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a Settlement by him made of other Part of his Estate.

8. An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Lands devised by the Last Will and Testament of Thomas Trenchard, Esq; deceased.

9. An Act for relieving William Paterson, Esq; out of the Equivalent-Money, for what is due to him.

10. An Act to naturalize Florian Gochell, Merchant.

11. An Act for naturalizing Herman Meyer.

12. An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge and South-Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

13. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Manor of Dorrington, by George Earl of Cardigan, to Theophilus Shelton, Esq; and his Heirs.

14. An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

15. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Rochester, and William Lord Viscount Mountjoy in the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oaths of Office for their respective Offices in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves in England for the legal Enjoyment of their said Offices.

16. An Act for explaining an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton, Esq; in in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir William Courtenay, Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to be sold, and with the Money arising thereby to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An Act to enable Sir Richard Wynche, Baronet, and Humphrey Wynche, Esq; only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphrey Wynche shall marry.

19. An Act to enable George Heneage, Esq; to sell the Rectory of North-Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, and some Lands there, and for settling Rent-Charges of greater Value in Lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Richard Lee, an Infant, with the Content of Trustees, to grant Leases of some Part of his Estate, notwithstanding his Minority.

21. An Act for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the Castle of Liverpoole, held by a Lease from the Dutchy of Lancaster; and for the explaining a former Act for the building another Church there.

22. An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Turner, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

23. An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Dimmer, Gentleman, of some Part, and for vesting other Part of the Estate of John Bromfield, Esq; in the County of Southampton, comprised in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Anne his Wife, in Trusts, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof, as near as may be, to the Intent of the said Articles; and for making thereby, and by other Means in the Act mentioned, some Provision for the said John Bromfield and Anne his Wife and their issue.

24. An Act to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the County of Berks.

25. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex.

26. An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount Rosse of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to settle a Jointure on Mary Viscountess Rosse his Wife, and make a Settlement on his Issue Male, with Provision for younger Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act for the Relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colmore, William Hunt, William Parrott, and others, as to Customs of Goods, burnt or destroyed by the late Fire in Thames-Street, London.

28. An Act to enable Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, Baronet, to raise Monies to discharge his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and to settle a Jointure on a Wife.

29. An Act to enable Robert Cope, Esq; to settle an additional Jointure out of his Estate on Elizabeth his now Wife; and also to raise Portions and Maintenances for his Daughters and younger Children by her; and to enable those in Remainder to do the same.

30. An Act for Sale of Part of the Manor of Low-Laiton, in the County of Essex, and other Lands there; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Part of the Manor of Low-Laiton is settled,

31. An Act to naturalize Frederica Countess of Holderness, Peter Gravier, Theodore Bouchier and Francis Masson.

32. An Act to naturalize Robert de Ulteger, George Christian Luders, and others.

33. An Act for naturalizing Henry Cornelisen.

34. An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholm James Murray, Esq; commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke.

35. An Act for the Naturalization of Frederick Guliker.

36. An Act for naturalizing Gerrard Roeters.

37. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the Stones-End in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford.

38. An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, to qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal Enjoyment of the Office of Chancellor of the University of Dublin in the Kingdom of Ireland.

39. An Act to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland, and Henry Earl of Rochester, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

40. An Act to enable Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork, to take in England the Oath of the Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

41. An Act for vesting several Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments late of Charles Earl of Dorset and Middlesex, whereof James late Duke of Ormond, at the Time of his Attainder, was seised, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trusts.

42. An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish.

43. An Act for naturalizing Casper White.

44. An Act for the more effectual reverting and making void the Attainder of Charles Earl of Macclesfield deceased.

45. An Act to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby, Knight, from his Imprisonment, and vest his Estate and Effects in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

46. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Peter Sunderland, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts charged thereon before the making of his Marriage-Settlement, and by Virtue thereof.

47. An Act to enable Thomas Proctor of Rock, in the County of Northumberland, Esq; to raise the Sum of four thousand Pounds out of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children.

48. An Act for naturalizing Erengard Melosine, Baroness of Schulenburg.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 3 Georgii I.

1. AN Act to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain Commerce with Sweden.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1717.

4. An Act for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1717, and to authorize allowances to be made to certain receivers, and to obviate a doubt concerning goods imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney; and to ascertain the Duties upon Sheep-skins and Lamb-skins; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery-Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties on Low-Wines and Spirits carried Coastwise.

5. An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a Penny Sterling, on every pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the city of Edinburgh, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city, and for discontinuing the payment of the dues commonly called the Petty-Port Customs at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of this act.

6. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a Penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there.

7. An Act for redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off principal and interest on the orders made forth on four lottery-acts passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excise, according to a former act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at several rates, to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen exported.

8. An Act for redeeming several funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to former provisoes of redemption; and for securing to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament; and for obliging them to advance further sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provisions made for the expences of his Majesty's civil government; and for payment of annuities formerly purchased at the rate of five pounds per centum; and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

9. An Act for redeeming the yearly fund of the South-Sea company (being after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum) and settling on the said company a yearly fund after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and to raise for an annuity or annuities at five pounds per centum per annum, any sum, not exceeding two millions, to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances, and for making the said new yearly fund and annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

10. An Act for the better collecting and levying the revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy.

11. An Act to explain and amend several laws therein mentioned for the better preservation of the game.

12. An Act to impower commissioners in commissions of bankrupts, issued since the four and twentieth day of June 1706, and on or before the six and twentieth day of June 1716, to make certificates for bankrupts, and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, commissioners of the great seal, or two judges, to confirm the same, notwithstanding the acts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Anne, are expired; and for continuing a clause in a former act for adjusting accounts between bankrupts and their debtors.

13. An Act for the better regulating of pilots for conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the isle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway.

14. An Act to continue an act of the first year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for taking and stating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union; and for relief of the creditors of the Publick, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

15. An Act for the better regulating the office of sheriffs, and for ascertaining their fees, and the fees for suing out their patents, and passing their accounts.

16. An Act for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pass their Accounts.

17. An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the Army.

18. An Act for explaining an act passed the last session of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates and for enlarging the time for such Registring, and for securing Purchases, made by protestants.

19. An Act for the King’s most gracious, general, and free pardon.

20. An Act to enlarge the time for making Claims before the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the forfeited estates.

21. An Act for continuing the liberty of exporting Irish linen cloth to the British plantations in America duty-free; and for the more effectual discovery of and prosecuting such as shall unlawfully export wool and woollen manufactures from Ireland; and for relief of John Fletcher, in respect of the duty by him paid for a quantity of salt lost in the exportation for Ireland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 3 Georgii.

1. AN Act for enlarging the Time granted by an act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intitled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpool.

2. An Act for naturalising Isaac Kuyck van Mierop.

3. An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham.

4. An Act for repairing the Highways from several Places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-house and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, and for electing Trustees for keeping up a sufficient Number for the repairing the Highways upon the Roads from Highgate Gate-house to Barnet Block-house; also of the Highways between Kilburne Bridge and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford.

5. An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary Rotherhith in the County of Surrey (by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned) to finish the said Parish Church.

6. An Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble John Duke of Rutland, and John Manners, Esq; commonly called Marquis of Granby, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Granby with the Honourable Bridget Sutton, only Child of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Lexington, and Bridget Sutton therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money for the Marriage Portion of the said Bridget Sutton.

7. An Act for confirming a Partition lately made of the Estate of Sir John Brownlowe, Bart, deceased, in the Counties of Lincoln, York, Middlesex and Hertford remaining unsold, and Articles of Agreement relating thereunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making effectual a Fine and Recovery intended to be levied and suffered of a fee-farm Rent of twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford.

8. An Act to enable John Barrington, alias Shute, Esq; and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington, Esq.

9. An Act to empower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Exchequer in England, to administer to Thomas Hopkins, Esq; the Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer and Gauger in the Port of the City of Dublin, granted to him for his Life.

10. An Act to enable Susanna Catherina Nugent, to sue for, recover, and hold the Portion of fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Father's Estate, notwithstanding her Coverture and the Outlawry of her Husband Hyacinthus Nugent, Esq;

11. An Act to enable Francis Fulford, Esq; and his first and other sons successively, to put in Execution the Power of granting Leases given by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulford, Esq; deceased.

12. An Act for vesting an Estate late of Sir Thomas Heath, Knt. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and other Uses.

13. An Act for rectifying Defects in a Settlement made by Robert Davis, Esq; deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, and effectually securing the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children of Robert Davis his Son, and settling the said Estates subject thereto.

14. An Act for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Stains, and to Cranford Bridge in the said County in the Road to Colnebrooke.

15. An Act for explaining and making more effectual the Acts of the fifth and eighth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for amending the Road between Hockley in the County of Bedford and Stony-Stratford in the County of Bucks.

16. An Act for Sale of Part of the Duke of Montague's Estate, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act to enable Richard Earl of Scarborough to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

18. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the respective Wives and Children of James late Earl of Southesque, James late Lord Drummond, the late Sir Hugh Paterson of Bannockburn, and James Sterling late of Keir.

19. An Act to enable his Majesty to make such Provision for, and Settlement upon, Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of Panmuir, as the would have been entitled to in case her said Husband was naturally dead.

20. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Margaret Lady Nairn and her Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the Life of William Murray, late Lord Nairn, her Husband.

21. An Act for raising and paying the Lady Amelia Butler's Portion out of Lands in Ireland.

22. An Act for confirming a Partition made between Robert Dashwood, Esq; and Cholmley Turner, Esq; of certain Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County Of Oxon.

23. An Act for confirming an Agreement made between John Wind, Clerk, Vicar of Thirkleby in the County of York, and Sir Thomas Frankland, Bart, for Exchange of the vicarage house, and certain Lands therein mentioned.

24. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Middleton, Esq; deceased, for the more speedy raising of Maintenance money and Portions for his Daughters, and for the other Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

25. An Act to enable Edward Rolt, Esq; to exchange a certain Parcel of Wood lands in the County of Hertford with John Boteler, Esq; for other Wood-Lands of equal Value in the said County, and for settling the same respectively as therein mentioned.

26. An Act for vesting an Estate at Corsham in Wiltshire in the surviving Trustee and Executor of the last Will of Henry Frederic Thynne, Esq; deceased, and his Heirs, to make Sale thereof for the Execution of the Trusts created by his Will.

27. An Act to enable Roger Stafford, Esq; and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Wollocombe, according to the Will of Roger Wollocombe, Esq; deceased.

28. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Stone the elder, and John Stone the younger, in the County of Sussex, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the Infancy of one of the Coheirs of John Stone the younger, and for securing the Residue of the Money as therein is mentioned.

29. An Act to enable William Newman, Esq; to sell Part of the Estate included in his Marriage settlement for Payment of Debts, and to settle another Estate in Lieu, thereof.

30. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Thomas Richmond, Esq; deceased, in the County of Essex, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expenses, according to the Will of the said Thomas Richmond.

31. An Act declaring the Uses of two several Fines levied by John Cuffe, Esq; and Margaret his Wife, to Joseph Kelley, Esq; deceased, and Maurice Cuffe, Esq; and the Heirs of the said Joseph Kelley, of certain Lands and Tithes in the Counties of Down and Cavan in the Kingdom of Ireland,

32. An Act to enable Patrick Wemys, Esq; to sell certain Houses in Dublin for Payment of Debts, and for the settling Lands in the County of Kilkenny, and elsewhere, to the same Uses to which the Houses to be sold were settled.

33. An Act to naturalise John Jacob Heldt, Theodore Van Rheden, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 4 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1718.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South-Sea Company.

3. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, and Lottery tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

5. An Act for finishing the Tower of the Parish Church of St. Michael Cornhill, London, out of the Duties arising pursuant to the Act of the ninth Year of the late Queen, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof.

6. An Act for Relief of the wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bonelace, by obviating several Doubts in the several Acts for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

7. An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn.

8. An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public; and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till sold.

9. An Act to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army, and to examine and state the Demands of several foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War.

10. An Act for making the Dividend of subscribed Lottery annuities, and other Annuities established by several Acts of Parliament, payable half yearly at the Bank of England.

11. An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates.

12. An Act for enforcing and making perpetual an Act of the twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the preserving of all such Ships and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions; and for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy Ships.

13. An Act for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts of the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William the Third, and second and third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

14. An Act to empower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Act of the ninth and tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new Churches.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 4. Georgii I.

1. AN Act to enable George Bubb, Esq; and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to the Surname of Dodington.

2. An Act for naturalising Abraham Boctefeur.

3. An Act for the better explaining several Acts therein mentioned, for erecting of Hospitals and work houses within the City of Bristol, for the employing and maintaining the Poor, thereof, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

4. An Act for amending the roads from the City of London, to the Town of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surrey.

5. An Act for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones-end of Kent street in the Parish of St. George's Southwark in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East-Greenwich near Black-Heath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent.

6. An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning lane End (next to Twiford) in the Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks.

7. An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner in the Town of Reading (leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton) to Basingstoke in the said County of Southampton.

8. An Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish, Esq; commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Catherine Hoskins, Spinster, only Child of John Hoskins, Esq; deceased.

9. An Act to enable Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey, Esq; commonly called Earl of Harrold, to make Jointures for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl of Harrold, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for vesting the Manor of Esher Watervile, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holles, Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in consideration of Rent charges to be issuing out of the same and other Lands, in Lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon Thames in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the Poor of the said Town.

11. An Act to enable Richard Earl of Burlington to make Leases of a Piece of Ground behind Burlington house.

12. An Act for confirming the respective Sales of a Fee-Farm Rent, and diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Bedford, lately made by the Right Honourable John Lord Carterett, and William Hilderson, Esq; to each other, and to discharge the same from diverse Estates, Terms and Trusts, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof.

13. An Act for vesting the great Tithes and Glebe lands belonging to the Rectory of Saxby in the County of Leicester, in the Right Honourable Bennet Lord Harborough, and his Heirs, in Lieu of other Lands and an Annuity, to be settled on the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors for ever, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Kildare, deceased, towards Payment of his Debts, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for establishing the Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his three Sons under his Will, and exchanging Ground rents in Wapping in Middlesex for another Rent of like Value, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for the better enabling the Honourable James Bertie, Esq; to raise Portions for his younger Children.

17. An Act for making more effectual certain Articles of Agreement between Sir George Downing, Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forester, Knt. and her Trustees.

18. An Act for confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth Napier, Sir Theophilus Napier, Baronet, Archibald Napier and Edward Napier, the Relict, and Sons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his Real and Personal Estate, for vesting his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement.

19. An Act for vesting diverse lands and Tenements in the County of Sussex, Part of the Estate of Charles Eversfield, Esq; in Trustees, for a present Provision for his Son, and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Eversfield.

20. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Joseph Thurston, Esq; deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his infant Children.

21. An Act for the exonerating and discharging the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments of Francis Cornwall, Esq; and likewise the said Francis Cornwall, of and from certain Articles of Agreement made before the Marriage of the said Francis Cornwall.

22. An Act to enable Ralph Shipperdson, Esq; to make Sale of his Estate in Studley Roger in the County of York, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph Shipperdson's Marriage settlement, and to settle his Estate at East-Murton in the County of Durham to the same Uses.

23. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Debt he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco.

24. An Act to naturalise Peter Rose, and others.

25. An Act to naturalise Martin Ludolph, Ulrick Jansen, John Ludolph Spellerbergh, John Spicker and Laurence Gundeloah.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 5 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1719.

2. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1719; and for enlarging the Time for entering at the Exchequer such Alignments of reversionary Annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment.

3. An Act for applying certain Overplus Moneys, and further Sums, to be raised, as well by way of a Lottery, as by Loans, towards paying off and cancelling Exchequer bills, and for lessening the present great Charge in relation to those Bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Residue of the same Bills for the future.

4. An Act for strengthening the Protestant Interest in these Kingdoms.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

6. An Act for quieting and establishing Corporations.

7. An Act for continuing an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade.

8. An Act for the more effectual Relief of such Wives and Children, as are left by their Husbands, and Parents, upon the Charge of the Parish.

9. An Act for continuing certain Duties upon Coals and Culm, and for establishing certain Funds, to raise Money, as well to proceed in the Building of new Churches, as also to complete the Supply granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the overplus Moneys of the said Duties for the disposition of Parliament; and for more effectual suppressing private Lotteries.

10. An Act for enlarging the Time granted by two Acts of Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington; and for making the said Acts more effectual.

11. An Act against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs.

12. An Act for making more effectual the several Acts past for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom.

13. An Act for the Amendment of Writs of Error; and for the further preventing the Arresting or Reversing of Judgments after Verdict.

14. An Act to continue the Commissioners appointed to examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army, and to examine and state the Demands of several foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War.

15. An Act for making more effectual an Act of the third and fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer stealers.

16. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the town house, and building a School, and other public Buildings there; and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water.

17. An Act for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Inverness, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there.

18. An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts; and better securing the Duties on Salt.

19. An Act for redeeming the Fund appropriated for Payment of the Lottery tickets, which were made forth for the Service of the Year 1710, by a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the Capital Stock of the South-Sea Company; and for raising a Sum of Money to pay off such Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to limit Times for Prosecutions upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice.

20. An Act for settling certain yearly Funds payable out of the Revenue of Scotland, to satisfy public Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union; and to discharge the Equivalents claimed on Behalf of Scotland in the Terms of the same Treaty; and for obviating all future Disputes, Charges and Expenses concerning those Equivalents.

21. An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from that East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions.

22. An Act for enlarging the Time to determine Claims on the forfeited Estates.

23. An Act for appointing a Commissioner and Trustee to put in Execution the Powers and Authorities of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the forfeited Estates, and Estates given to superstitious Uses, in the Room of George Treby, Esq; who has desired to be discharged from the said Trusts.

24. An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

25. An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and for continuing the Act made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, for the better Encouragement of the making Sail-Cloth in Great Britain.

26. An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof.

27. An Act to prevent the Inconveniences arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts.

28. An Act for the further Punishment of such Persons as shall unlawfully kill or destroy Deer in Parks, Paddocks or other enclosed Grounds.

29. An Act for making more effectual the Laws appointing the Oaths for Security of the Government, to be taken by Ministers and Preachers in Churches and meeting houses in Scotland.

30. An Act for amending and making more effectual the Laws for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

31. An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for making the said Act more effectual.

32. An Act for Relief of such Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher's, as have settled in either of those Islands, and made due Proof of such Settlement before the twenty-fifth Day of December 1712.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 5 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken-Church Hill to Enslow Bridge, and the Road leading from Wheatley Bridge through the City of Oxon by Begbrooke, to New Woodstock in the County of Oxon (except the Mile way on each Side the City) and to disable all Commissioners or trustees appointed for repairing of any Highways or Roads, to have any Place of Profit arising out of the Toll for repairing such Highways or Roads.

2. An Act for repairing the Roads from Beconsfeld in the County of Bucks, to Stoken-Church in the County of Oxon.

3. An Act to render more effectual the Agreements that have been made between Thomas Holles Duke of Newcastle, Henry Pelham, Esq; Edward Lord Harley, and the Lady Henrietta his Wife, William Vane and Gilbert Vane, Esquires, Sons of Christopher Lord Bernard, or any of them, in Relation to the Will and Estate of John late Duke of Newcastle, and for settling the same in such Manner as may be agreeable to the Intent of the said Agreements and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act to vest the See and Inheritance of the capital Message called Hallifax House in St. James's Square, in the Parish of St. James, Westminster, and the Castle and Manor of Fotheringhay in the County of Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold together with a Term of five hundred Years devised by William late Lord Marquis of Halifax to his Executors, in Trust, for the better Performance of his Will.

5. An Act for Relief of Sir Nicholas Tempest, Baronet, touching an Estate demised to him by William late Lord Widdrington and Lady Jane his late Wife, many Years before the Attainder of the said late Lord Widdrington.

6. An Act to enable William Glanvill, Esq; to take upon him the Surname of Glanvill, instead of his Surname of Evelyn, pursuant to the Will of William Glanvill, Esq; deceased.

7. An Act to enable William Pulteney, Esq; and the Persons in Remainder after him, to make Leases of the Houses and Ground therein mentioned, and to rectify some mistakes in two Leases from King Charles the Second to Sir William Pulteney, and from King William the Third to John Pulteney, Esq.

8. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Somerset, the Estate of Thomas Jett, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money arising thereby, to purchase other Lands of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

9. An Act for vesting in John Porrett, Gent. and his Heirs, Part of the Estate of Thomas Davison, Esq; at Stranton, Seaton, Carew and Thorp Thewles in the County of Durham, freed from the Uses and Trusts of the said Thomas Davison's Marriage Settlement, and to settle other Lands of better Value to the same Uses.

10. An Act for Sale of several Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Westmorland in the County of Kent, and with the Moneys arising by such Sale to purchase other Lands in or near the County of Northampton, to be settled to the same Uses.

11. An Act for vesting an Estate late of Francis Philips, Esq; in Barking in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act to enable Thomas Willoughby, Esq; and the Persons in Remainder after him, to make a Jointure.

13. An Act to enable Catherine Paul, an Infant, to transfer the Trust therein mentioned, as if she were of the Age of one and twenty Years.

14. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of she Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell and St. Thomas the Apostle, and the Governors of the Schools founded by Erasmus Smith, Esq.

15. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Robert Barnwell, Esq; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled to the same Uses, as the Estate to be sold is settled.

16. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Nathaniel Long late of London Merchant, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for applying the Residue according to the Direction of his Will.

17. An Act to naturalise Peter Sejourne, Samuel Dufresmay, and Peter Lucas.

18. An Act for naturalising Lodowick Christian Sprogell.

19. An Act for making the town and Township of Sunderland a distinct Parish from the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth in the County of Durham.

20. An Act for vesting the Manors of Aske, Catterton, and other Lands in the County of York, and County of the City of York, Part of the Estate of Philip Duke of Wharton, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged for the Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Jasper Cullum for the Debts he stands engaged for to the Crown on Account of Richard Lee, Thomas Corbin, Hencage Robinson and John Fox, for the Duties on Tobacco.

22. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wemes for the Debt due from him to his Majesty, in Relation to the Duties on Salt.

23. An Act to enable Robert Packer, Esq; and Mary his Wife, Winchcombe Howard Packer, (their Son a Minor) Henrietta Winchcombe, and Thomas Skerret, Esq; and Dame Elizabeth Winchcombe his Wife, to enter their respective Claims before the Commissioners and Trustees for determining Claims upon the forfeited Estates, and to impower the said Commissioners and Trustees to hear and determine the said Claims.

24. An Act for the Relief of Edward Clent, Esq; Executor of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Clent, for an Army Debenture lost in the Pay office.

25. An Act to naturalise Peter Lamy de Hame, and Charlotte Whetstone.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 6 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1720.

2. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1720, and for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to call in such Exchequer bills as are to be cancelled and discharged with Money appointed for that purpose.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for enabling the South-Sea Company to increase their present Capital Stock and Fund, by redeeming such public Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Incumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in Lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer.

5. An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain.

6. An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster.

7. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for Supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Brunt-island and Liberties thereof, for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

9. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Pittenween and Liberties thereof, for repairing the Harbour there, and for maintaining other Public Works of the said Town.

10. An Act for making forth new Exchequer bills, not exceeding one million, at a certain Interest; and for lending the same to the South-Sea Company at an higher Interest, upon Security of repaying the same and such high Interest into the Exchequer, for uzes to which the Fund for lessening the public Debts (called the Sinking Fund) is applicable; and for circulating and exchanging upon Demand the Paid Bills at or near the Exchequer.

11. An Act for laying a Duty upon wrought Plate; and for applying Money arising for the clear Produce (by Sale of the forfeited Estates) towards answering his Majesty's Supply; and for taking off the Drawbacks upon Hops exported for Ireland; and for Payment of Annuities, to be purchased after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament; and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the South-Sea Company; and for explaining a late Act concerning foreign Salt cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth Day of June 1719; and to give a further Time for paying Duties on certain Apprentices Indentures; and for Relief of Thomas Vernon, Esq; in relation to a Parcel of Senna imported in the Year 1716.

12. An Act for preventing of Frauds and Abuses in the Allowances on damaged Wines, and for lengthening the Time for the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Wines.

13. An Act for ascertaining the Breadths, and preventing Frauds and Abuses in manufacturing Serges, Pladings and Fingrums, and for regulating the Manufactures of Stockings, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

14. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn of the Product or Manufacture of Asia, from any Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas, except such Ports and Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Signior.

15. An Act to repeal so much of the Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Prohibiting the Importation of Deal-Boards and Fir-Timber from Germany.

16. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the Planting of Timber trees, Fruit trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit, and for the better Preservation of the same, and for the preventing the Burning of Woods, and for the better Preservation of the Fences of such Woods.

17. An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army; and to examine and state Demands of several foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War.

18. An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practises therein mentioned.

19. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols; And also an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Ships of War and Forces by Sea.

20. An Act for continuing the Acts formerly made for repairing the Highways in the County of Hertford therein mentioned, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

21. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp-Duties, Post-Office, and House-Money.

22. An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the more easy Discharge of Bankrupts out of Execution, after their Certificates allowed.

23. An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons.

24. An Act for better explaining the Nature of Conveyances to be made to the purchasers of the forfeited Estates by the Commissioners and Trustees acting in Scotland, and for preventing Difficulties in determining Claims on the said Estates; to enable the Judges in Ireland to examine witnesses relating to Claims on forfeited Estates there; and for enabling such Corporations as shall purchase any of the said Estates, to grant Annuities, not exceeding the yearly Value of the said Estates; and for relieving the Widow and Daughters of the late Sir Donald Macdonald.

25. An Act for repairing the Roads from Stevenidge in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

26. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway, leading front the Stones-End in Kent-street to the Lime-Kilns in East Greenwich near Black Heath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road in the County of Kent; and for repairing and amending the Highways and Roads leading from Westminster Ferry in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, to New-Cross in the Parish of Deptford in the County of Kent; and for enlarging

the Term granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East-Grinstead in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surrey; and for Explaining and Amending the same Act.

27. An Act for making the River Darwent in the County of Derby navigable.

28. An Act for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable, from the River Ribble to Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

29. An Act for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouse in the County of Huntingdon.

30. An Act for making the River Idle navigable, from East-Retford in the County of Nottingham, to Bawtry-Wharf in the County of York.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 6 Georgii.

1. AN Act for settling and assuring the Manors of Orton and Bottle-Bridge, and other Premises in the County of Huntingdon, to the several Uses mentioned in the Will of Margaret late Duchess of Newcastle, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Earl of Hadinton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Moneys arising thereby, to purchase other Lands of the like Value to be settled to the same Uses.

3. An Act to enable Anne Walker, alias Baughs, a Minor, the Wife of Thomas Folliot Walker, Gent. to sell and convey unto the Right Honourable William Conolly, Esq; and his Heirs, her Share and Proportion of several Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, devised to her by the Last Will of Thomas late Lord Folliot, deceased; for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for confirming a Partition made between the Honourable George Lord Carbery, Baron of Carbery in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Henry O-Brien, Esq; of certain Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Northampton and Rutland.

5. An Act for enclosing the Common, commonly called Baltonsbury Common, in the Parishes of Baltonsbury and Bradley in the County of Somerset.

6. An Act to enable Thomas Dove, Esq; to raise two thousand Pounds upon his Estate at Upton, Sutton, Aylesworth and Castor, and to make Sale of his Estate at Heathencoate in the County of Northampton, for discharging Incumbrances upon the said Estates, raising of Portions for his Brother and Sister, and Payment of his father's and his own Debts.

7. An Act for enclosing the Heath or Common, commonly called Gratwood Heath in the Parish of Eccleshall in the County of Stafford.

8. An Act to enable the Lessees and Farmers of Daniel Whitby, Doctor in Divinity, and Prebendary of the prebend of Teington Regis, in the Cathedral Church of the blessed Lady Mary the Virgin of Sarum, and of all succeeding Prebendaries of the said Prebend for the Time being, to make Leases of the of Lands of the several Manors of Preston, alias Prestown, and Churchland, alias the Parson's Land, in the County of Devon.

9. An Act for making the Townships of Shipston and Tidmington a distinct Parish from the Parish of Tredington in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for dividing the Rectory of the said Parish of Tredington into three Parts.

10. An Act for supplying the Defects in, and better Performance of the Will of Edmund Dunch, Esq; deceased.

11. An Act for discharging certain Estates in the Counties of Lincoln and Warwick, of and from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Marriage settlement of Sir William Keyte, Baronet, and settling other Lands in the County of Gloucester, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

12. An Act for vesting the Estates of Sir John Hales and Sir Christopher Hales, Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for the paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon, and affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Chichester. Baronet, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to enable Elizabeth Gomeldon, Widow, and her Trustees, to enter their respective Claims before the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates, and to impower the said Commissioners and Trustees to hear and determine the same.

15. An Act to enable Laurence Broderick, an Infant, to perform certain Articles of Agreement entered into by Anne his Mother, since deceased, to whom he is Heir.

16. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of John Sand ford, Esq; deceased, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Pembroke, late of Portsmouth-Dock, deceased, situate at North-Mims in the County of Hertford, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for vesting the Estate of John Pendarves, late of Roscrow in the County of Cornwall, Esq; deceased, in new Trustees, to and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are mentioned in his Will.

19. An Act to enable John Rosier, Esq; and his Issue, to change their Surnames from Rosier to Reynolds.

20. An Act for the Naturalisation of Mary Sophia Charlotte, Viscountess Howe, Wife of Scroop Lord Viscount Howe of the Kingdom of Ireland.

21. An Act for naturalising Gerard Van Neck.

22. An Act for naturalising Bennet Erasmus Hopfer.

23. An Act for naturalising John Backer and George Kruger.

24. An Act for naturalising Samuel Gampert.

25. An Act for naturalising Cornelius Backer and Henry de Putter.

26. An Act for naturalising Francis Van Hemert, John Van Hemert, Frederick Morgan, and Henry Nicholas Sander.

27. An Act for naturalising John Henry Grutzman.

28. An Act for vesting the Estate hue of Gilbert Nicholetts, Esq; deceased, in Trustees for Payment of his Debts and Sisters Portions, and for making a Provision for his Widow and Child.

29. An Act for annexing the late Duke of Shrewsbury's Estate to the Earldom of Shrewsbury, and confirming Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury's Settlement in order thereto, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for exchanging of several small Parcels of Land in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of greater Value, to Charles Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, and his Heirs.

31. An Act to enable any Corporations within the university of Cambridge, or any other Persons, to sell and convey any Messuages and Ground to the said University, for enlarging their publick Library.

32. An Act for rebuilding the Parish church of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City of Westminster, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

33. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfylde, Baronet, and for settling another Estate of greater Value to the same Uses,

34. An Act to enable Sir James Lumley, Baronet, to settle a competent Jointure, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for naturalising Philip Germain and George Hollmans.

36. An Act for naturalising George Angell.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 7 Georgii.

1. AN Act for restraining the Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor, Directors, Treasurer or Cashier, Deputy-Cashier, and Accountant of the South-Sea Company, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering their Estates and effects; and for preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

2. An Act to disable the present Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors of the South-Sea Company, at, from and after the respective Times for electing a Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor and new Directors of the said Company, to take, hold or enjoy an Office, Place or Employment in the said Company, or in the East India Company, or Bank of England, and from voting upon Elections in the said Company.

3. An Act for repealing an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarentine; and for preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of Infection.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1721.

5. An Act to enable the south sea Company to ingraft Part of their Capital Stock and Fund, into the Stock and Fund of the Bank of England, and another Part thereof into the Stock and Fund of the East India Company; and for giving further Time for Payments to be made by the said South Sea Company, to the Use of the Publick.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained or died Callicoes, in Apparel, Housholdstuff, Furniture or otherwise, after the twenty-fifth Day of December 1722 (except as therein is excepted.)

8. An Act for enlarging the Time for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the County of Berks.

9. An Act for the better Preservation of the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex.

10. An Act for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham-Bridge to Winsford-Bridge in the County of Chester.

11. An Act for finishing and adorning the new Chapel, called Saint George's Chapel, in Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, and for enlightening the Streets of the said Town, by a Duty or Imposition on Coals, Culm and Cinders, to be landed and consumed there.

12. An Act for imploying the Manufacturers, and incouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and Button-holes made of Cloth, Serge, or other Stuffs.

13. An Act for regulating the Journeymen Tailors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

14. An Act for continuing the Duties granted by several Acts made in the sixth and tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County of Somerset.

15. An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpoole to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

16. An Act for the better preserving and keping in Repair the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York, and for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts passed for lengthening and repairing the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the said County.

17. An Act for making navigable the River Dane, from Northwich, where it joins the River Weaver, to the falling in of Wheelock-Brook; and Wheelock-Brook up to Wheelock-Bridge in the County of Chester.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Highgate Gate-house in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse in the County of Hertford; and for repairing the Road leading from the Bear inn in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel in Enfeild Chase in the said County of Middlesex.

19. An Act for continuing an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown-Hill and the City of Bath; and also several Highways leading to and through the said City; and for cleansing, paving and lightning the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and for explaining and making the said Act more effectual.

20. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1721, and for transferring the Deficiency of a late Malt act to the Land Tax for the said Year and for disposing certain Overplus Money to proper Objects of Charity; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts; and touching small Quantifies of Cyder exported; and for Relief of Captain John Perry, concerning Dagenham Breach, and touching lost Bills, Tickets or Orders; and concerning the Duty of small Pieces of Plate; and to enable the Undertakers for raising Thames Water in York-Buildings, to sell Annuities by way of a Lottery; and for satisfying a Debt, which was charged on the late Duty on Hops; and for appropriating the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament.

21. An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East indies under foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating, the Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet.

22. An Act for enabling Charles Earl of Arran to purchase the forfeited Estate of James Butler, late Duke of Ormonde and for granting Relief to William late Lord Widdrington; and for enlarging the Time for determining Claims upon the forfeited Estates; and for enabling the commissioners for the said forfeited Estates to certify into the Exchequer, all such Estates as they have found to be given to Popish or superstitious Uses.

23. An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned.

24. An Act for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks.

25. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be brewed for Sale, vended or tapped within the Town of Jedburgh, and Privileges thereof, for paying the public Debts of the said Town, and for supplying the same with fresh Water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of Middlesex.

27. An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, by charging Annuities at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown; and for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, (by causing such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil List the Payments which shall have been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery tickets; and for discharging the Corporations for Assurances of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to his Majesty; for making good a Deficiency to the East India Company.

28. An Act for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, Director, Cashier, Deputy-Cashier and Accountant of the South-Sea Company, and of John Aislabie Esq; and likewise of James Craggs Senior Esq; deceased, towards making good the great Loss and Damage sustained by the said Company; and for disabling such of the said Persons as are living, to hold any Office or Place of Trust under the Crown, or to sit or vote in Parliament for the future; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed.

29. An Act for the King's most Gracious, General and Free Pardon.

30. An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, and determine the Debts due to the Army.

31. An Act for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts concerning Bankrupts.

32. An Act to explain and amend the Act of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the Stones-End in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 7 Georgii.

1. AN Act for naturalising John Robethon, and George Robethon his Son.

2. An Act to naturalise Joachim Peterssen, Henry Mailman, Benedict Coep, and John Henry Ott.

3. An Act to enclose the common Field of Lighthorne, and a Common called Ligthorne heath, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act for draining, improving, and enclosing the Common called Stokesby-Common in the Parish of Stokesby in the County of Norfolk.

5. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Heneage Earl of Aylesford, to sell certain Estates of Leasehold and Inheritance in the County of Kent, comprised in his Marriage settlement; and to purchase another Estate in the County of Leicester of better Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

6. An Act for the Naturalisation of Isabella Countess of Denbigh, Wife of William Earl of Denbigh.

7. An Act for naturalising John Hartcup.

8. An Act for naturalising Gilbert de Flines, Christian Frederick Zincke, and others.

9. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Parker, Baron of Macclesfield, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, John Sutton Cleric, Edward Airs and Sarah his Wife, and Matthew Hawes and Sarah his Wife, for and on the Behalf of themselves, and of their Infant Children, to make several Exchanges of Lands and Tenements, and to perform several Agreements touching the same.

10. An Act to vest the See and Inheritance of diverse Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments of William late Marquis of Halifax in Trustees, to be sold together with a Term of five hundred Years by him devised to his Executors in Trust, for the better Performance of his Will.

11. An Act for Settling the Estates of Richard late Earl Rivers deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made between Frederick Earl of Rochford and Bessy Countess of Rockford his Wife, James Barry Earl of Barrymore in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Lady Penelope Barry his Daughter, and John now Earl Rivers, subject to the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said late Earl Rivers, remaining unpaid; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

12. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Romney in the County of Norfolk, and for settling other Lands of greater Value in the County of Kent, already purchased, to the same Uses.

13. An Act to enable any Corporations within the university of Oxford, or any other Persons, to sell and convey any messuages and Ground within the said University, for building a Library, pursuant to the Will of John Radcliffe, Doctor in Physic; for impowering any Colleges in the said University, to sell or convey any Ground or Houses to each other, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to vest the Estate of Sir Charles Carteret, Bart. deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the Remainder to the same Uses in his Will,

15. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Estates therein mentioned, held by Lease from the Crown, which have been long in the Family of Sir William Pulteney deceased, in which more than one hundred Years are yet to come, to Trustees, upon a full consideration to be paid for the same, as shall be valued by proper Officers of the Crown, to the End the same may be settled according to the Uses directed in the Will of the said Sir William Pulteney.

16. An Act for vesting in Trustees a Moiety of diverse Manors and Lands in Essex, belonging to Thomas Paget Esq; and Mary his Wife, to enable them to convey the same according to Articles for Sale thereof.

17. An Act to enable Herbert Perrot Packington Esq; only Son of Sir John Packington Baronet, to acknowledge Fines, and suffer Recoveries, while he is under the Age. of one and twenty Years.

18. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Gloucester, the Estate of Henry Harrington Gent. in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money arising thereby to purchase other Lands of greater yearly Value, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act to enable Harry Bridges Esq; to sell the Manors of Ilebrewers in the County of Somerset, for Payment of his daughter's Portion, and Legacies charged thereupon.

20. An Act for discharging certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of and from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Marriage settlement of Thomas de Grey Esq; and for settling other Estates in the said Counties to the same Uses.

21. An Act to enable James Clavering Junior, Esq; to make Sale of his Estate at Tanfield in the County of Durham, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said James Claverings Marriage settlement, and to settle his Estate at Hall-Hill, in the said County, to the same Uses.

22. An Act for vesting the Manors of Burnells, alias Riston, and certain Lands in Norfolk, Part of the Estate of Jonas Rolfe, Gent. and Lucy his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act to enable Robert Paynter Esq; to sell the Manors of Twydal and East-Court in the County of Kent; and to settle other Lands of greater Value to the same or the like Uses.

24. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John, late Earl of Kildare deceased, in the County of Limerick within the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Charges and Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Richard Cambridge Esq; in the County of Gloucester, from the Uses and Limitations contained in his Marriage settlement; and for settling another Estate in the same County of better Value, to the same Uses.

26. An Act for enclosing the Heath or Common called Broad-Heath, in the Parishes of Ellen-Hall, Seighford and Ronton, in the County of Stafford.

27. An Act for naturalising James Mass and Jacob Stolck.

28. An Act for naturalising John de Neusuille.

29. An Act for confirming the Manor of Latham, and diverse Lands in the county of Lancaster, to Richard Waring, Bryan Fairfax and Thomas Ashurst, Esqrs; and their Heirs, subject to the Trusts to which the same are now liable, and discharged of a certain Clause in Letters Patents of King Charles the First, for reconveying the Reversion in Fee to the Crown.

30. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Anthony Lechmere Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

31. An Act for Sale of the Estate of the Manor of Radwell, and other the Estate of Robert Bell Esq; and Richard Bell his Son, in Radwell in Norton in the County of Hertford; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

32. An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Gwynn Gent. in the County of Brecon, for Payment of Debts, and for the settling an Estate in the County of Carmarthen, to certain Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Nedham, Gent. in the County of Leicester, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for naturalising John Frederick Jales.

PUBLICK ACT.

Anno 7 Georgii, Sess. 2.

An Act for making several Provisions to restore the Public Credit, which suffers by the Frauds and Mismanagements of the late Directors of the South-Sea Company, and others.

PRIVATE ACT.

An Act for naturalising James Lostan.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii.

1. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1722.

2. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722, and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt-Act to the Land Tax for the said Year and for giving Time for inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures, and touching lost Bills, Tickets or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of the Bank of England, to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the Curing of red Herrings, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all red Herrings confirmed at Home only; and for ascertaining the Customs and Excise payable for the Sugar-Houses in Scotland; and for making an Allowance for Salt lost in any Harbour or River of this Realm; and for the better securing the Duties on Salt delivered in Scotland.

5. An Act to explain and amend the Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highway from several Places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate-Gate-House and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex.

6. An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under.

7. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be brewed for Sale, vended, or tapped within the Town of Elgine, and Privileges thereof, for paying the public Debts of the said Town, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit Commerce (for the Space of one Year) with any Country that is or shall be infected with the Plague; and for shortning the Continuance of an Act passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarentine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Paris into Great Britain or Ireland, or Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of infection.

9. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows-Herne in the County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more effectual.

10. An Act for repealing such Clauses in the Act passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (relating to quarentine and the Plague) as give Power to remove Persons from their Habitations, or to make Lines about Places infected.

11. An Act for restoring and rebuilding the Haven and Piers of Bridport, in the County of Dorset; and for making a Sluice there.

12. An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for the Amending the Highways leading from Brampton-Bridge, near Church-Brampton in the County of Northampton, through the Parish of Thornby, to a Bridge called Welford-Bridge, in the Parish of Welford in the said County; and also the great Post-Road from a Place called Morter-Pit-Hill, in the Parish of Pisford in the said County, through the Towns and Parishes of Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to a Bridge called Chain-Bridge, leading into Market-Harborough in the County of Leicester.

14. An Act for making the River Eden navigable to Bank-End in the County of Cumberland.

15. An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver-Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported; and for the Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only; and that the two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit.

16. An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the Curing and Making of White Herrings, and instead thereof laying a proportionable Duty upon all White Herrings consumed at Home only; and for making an Allowance for Tobacco exported from Scotland, in the Time therein mentioned; and for giving farther Relief to the Refiners of Rock salt.

17. An Act for more equal paying and better collecting certain small Sums therein mentioned, for Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners, and Distressed Persons (his Majesty's Subjects) in the Kingdom of Portugal; and for other pious and charitable Purposes usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to Portugal.

18. An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations, as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject.

19. An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game.

20. An Act for paying off and cancelling one Million of Exchequer Bills, and to give ease to the South-Sea Company, in respect of its present Obligation to circulate or contribute towards circulating Exchequer bills; and to give further Time to that Company for Repayment of one Million, which was lent to them; and for issuing a further Sum in New Exchequer Bills, towards his Majesty's Supply, to be discharged and cancelled, when the said Company shall repay the Million owing by them; and that the Exchequer Bills which are to continue, may be circulated at easy and moderate Rates; and for appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of the Sufferers at Nevis and Saint Christophers, by an Invasion of the French in the late War, and for laying a further Duty on Apples imported; and for ascertaining the Duties on Pictures imported.

21. An Act to enable the South-Sea Company to dispose of the Effects in their Hands by way of Lottery or Subscription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Annuity payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Debts of the said Company; and for Relief of such, who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Act touching Payment of Ten per Centum therein mentioned.

22. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by forging Powers to transfer such Stocks, or to receive such Annuities or Dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently Personating the true Owners thereof; and to rectify the Mistakes of the late Managers for taking Subscriptions for Increasing the Capital Stock of the South-Sea Company, and in the Instruments founded thereupon.

23. An Act for prolonging the Times for hearing and determining Claims before the trustees, in whom the estates of the late South-Sea Directors, and of John Aislabie Esq; and likewise of James Craggs Esq; deceased, are vested; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy.

25. An Act for supplying some Defects in the Statute of the twenty-third of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for Obligations to be taken by two Chief Justices, the Mayor of the Staple, and the Recorder of London; and for setting down the Time of Signing Judgments in the Principality of Wales, and Counties Palatine.

26. An Act for better Supplying the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, with Water.

27. An Act for the better preventing Abuses committed in weighing and packing of Butter in the City of York.

28. An Act for Supplying the Records of the Commissary Court of Aberdeen, burnt or lost in the late Fire there.

29. An Act for preventing Delays in the Execution of the Trust reposed in the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in the Charter-House, at the Charges of Thomas Sutton Esq; for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

30. An Act for repairing the Highways from the Stones end at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping in the County of Essex.

31. An Act to vest the Ground, Wharf and Key, called Wool-Key, in the Parish of All Saints Barking, in the City of London, with the Buildings and Warehouses thereupon, in Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs and successors for ever, subject to an Agreement made on his Majesty's Behalf, with the Wardens and Assistants of the Free school in Sevenoake, in the County of Kent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii.

1. AN Act for naturalising Detelef Von Thienen, and Melosine Baroness of Schoulenburgh.

2. An Act for naturalising Jeanne Coitee du Carel, and others.

3. An Act for naturalising Auguste Tebuteau, Joseph Murat, and others.

4. An Act to vest two fourth Parts of a fee-farm Rent of eighty-two Pounds eight Shillings and twopence, issuing out of the Manor of Kingswood in the County of Wilts (of which two fourth Parts of the Lord Viscount Harcourt is seized in Fee) in Trustees, to the like Uses as a message and Lands called Johnson's Farm, in the Parishes of Stanton Harcourt and Southly, or one of them, in the County of Oxon, were devised by Dame Elizabeth Harcourt, Widow, deceased, and in Lieu thereof for vesting the said premisses, called Johnson's Farm, in the said Lord Viscount Harcourt and his Heirs.

5. An Act to enable the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, to build an Exchange there for the Conveniency of the Merchants and Traders of that City.

6. An Act for Sale of Part of Sir John Wentworth's Estate, towards raising Part of the Sum of ten thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Ralph Milbanke, Bart, in Trustees, to be sold for Performing his Father's Will, and an Agreement made with his Brother and Sisters.

8. An Act for uniting and consolidating the parish churches of Stypud, alias Steeple, and Tyneham within the Isle of Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

9. An Act to enable Elizabeth and Margaret Newton, Infants, during their Minority (with Consent of Trustees) to grant and fill up Leases or Part of the Estate late of John Newton Esq; their Father, deceased.

10. An Act for vesting the Estate late of James Price of Pilleth, in the County of Radnor, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of several Portions, and Legacies charged thereon.

11. An Act to empower the Commissioners and Trustees for the forfeited Estates, to give such Relief to Hugh Wallace of Inglestoun, Esq; and Hugh Wallace his Son, in Relation to their Part in an heritable Bond and Enfeoffment upon the Estate of James late Earl of Linlithgow, attainted of High Treason, as they have given to other Claimants upon the said Bond.

12. An Act for naturalising Samuel Palmer.

13. An Act for naturalising Lucas Steinman, Paul Kruger, and Henry Boon.

14. An Act for naturalising Christopher Schele.

15. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure; and to make a provision for Bridget Viscountess Dillon, Wife of Richard, now Lord Viscount Dillon.

16. An Act for enclosing Glastonbury Commons, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Reversion, Freehold and Inheritance of Part of the Estate late of Sir William Davie Bart, deceased (expectant on a Term of five hundred Years) to be sold for Payment of his Daughters Portions, and Legacies.

18. An Act to enable his Majesty to make such Provisions, as is therein mentioned, for the Children of James Macdonald deceased, out of the Estate of the late Sir Donald Macdonald, their Uncle, which was forfeited to his Majesty for High Treason.

19. An Act for naturalising Agatha Drummond.

20. An Act for naturalising James Girardot, and Paul Amsink.

21. An Act to naturalise John Blydesteyn.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 9 Georgii I.

1. AN Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1723.

3. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1723.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

5. An Act for redeeming certain Annuities, now payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

6. An Act for reviving and adding two Millions to the Capital Stock of the South-Sea Company, and for reviving a proportional Part of the yearly Fund payable at the Exchequer, and for dividing their whole Capital (after such Division made) into two equal Parts or Moieties, and for converting one of the said Moieties into certain Annuities, for the Benefit of the Members, and for settling the remaining Moiety in the said Company; and for continuing for one Year longer the Provision formerly made against requiring Special Bail in Actions or Suits upon such Contracts as are therein mentioned.

7. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor.

8. An Act for continuing some Laws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and upon Juries, and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamens Wages, and the Preservation of Naval Stores, and Stores of War; and concerning the Militia, and Trophy money; and against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported.

9. An Act for the better qualifying the Manufacturers of Stuffs and Yarn in the City of Norwich, and Liberties thereof, to bear Offices of Magistracy in the said City, and for regulating Elections of such Officers.

10. An Act for clearing, depthning, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthning and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships, wintering in the said Haven, from Accidents by Fire.

11. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black-Bull in Dunstable in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford-House in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for the more easy assigning or transferring certain redeemable Annuities, payable at the Exchequer, by Endorsements on the standing Orders for the same.

13. An Act for the enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways, between the House commonly called the Horshoe house, in the Parish of Stoke-Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the town of Northampton; for repairing the Road from the North bridge of Newport Pagnel in the County of Bucks, to the said Horshoe house.

14. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign (for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty-Port Customs there) and for making the said Act more effectual.

15. An Act to inflict Pains and Penalties on John Plunket.

16. An Act to inflict Pains and Penalties on George Kelly, alias Johnson.

17. An Act to inflict Pains and Penalties on Francis Lord Bishop of Rochester.

18. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by laying a Tax upon Papists, and for making such other Persons, as upon due Summons shall refuse or neglect to take the Oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the said Tax, for reimbursing to the Public Part of the great expences occasioned by the late Conspiracies; for discharging the Estates of Papists from the two third Parts of the Rents and Profits thereof for one Year, and all Arrears of the same, and from such Forfeitures as are therein more particularly described.

19. An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Moneys; and for Relief of William late Lord Widdrington; and to prevent Foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom; and for ascertaining the Duties on Bound Books imported; and for issuing Certificates and Debentures for Arrears due to five Regiments, to be satisfied by Annuities therein mentioned; and for discharging the Duties of Rock salt lost on the River Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Estates in England and Scotland respectively; and for appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament; and to rectify Misnomers and Omissions of Commissioners for the land-tax in the Year 1723.

20. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and sold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for enabling his Majesty to put the Customs of Great Britain under the Management of one or more Commissions, and for better securing and ascertaining the Duties on Tobacco, and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco, and other Goods and Merchandizes, or carrying the same Coastwise.

22. An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice.

23. An Act for further enlarging the Times for entering, hearing, and determining Claims on the Estates vested in the Trustees of the South-Sea Company, and for obliging Persons to claim Stock by the Time therein mentioned for Money subscriptions, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act to oblige all Persons, being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several acts herein mentioned, to register their Names and real Estates.

25. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for applying the Records of the Commissary Court of Aberdeen, burnt or lost in the late Fire there.

26. An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscription for an East India Company in the Austrian Netherlands; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies.

27. An Act for preventing Journeymen Shoemakers selling, exchanging, or pawning Boots, Shoes, Slippers, cut Leather, or other Materials for making Boots, Shoes or Slippers, and for better regulating the said Journeymen.

28. An Act for more effectual Execution of Justice in a pretended Privileged Place in the Parish of St. George in the County of Surrey, commonly called the Mint; and for bringing to speedy and exemplary Justice such Offenders as are therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to such Persons as are proper Objects of Charity and Commission there.

29. An Act to enable Lords of Manors more easily to recover their Fines, and to exempt Infants and Femes Covert from Forfeitures of their of Estates in particular Cases.

30. An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness.

31. An Act for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester, to the Top of Birdlip-Hill, (being the Road to London) and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill (being the Road to Oxford), and to oblige those concerned in the Receipt or Payment of any Moneys, by Virtue of an Act of the ninth and tenth Years of his late Majesty King William, touching the repairing the said Highways, to Account for the same to the Trustees appointed by this Act.

32. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement between the Principal Officers of the Ordnance, and Thomas Missing Esq; for Exchange of some Lands at Portsmouth, for the Service of his Majesty.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 9 Georgii I.

1 AN Act to enable Darcy Dawes Esq; and Sarah Roundell, to make Settlements, upon their Inter-marriage, of their several Estates, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

2. An Act for naturalizing Luder Mello, Benjamin Berkenhout, and others.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Loubier, Henry Loubier, and others.

4. An Act to enable William Sheppard to change his Sirname of Sheppard to Hall, according to the Will of William Hall, Sergeant at Law, deceased.

5. An Act to enable Timothy Watts, of Burbage in the County of Leicester, Esq; and his Heirs, to change or alter their Names to Saint Nicholas, according to the Will of Bazil Saint Nicholas of Knowle in the County of Warwick, Esq; deceased.

6. An Act to enable John Smith Gent. and his Heirs to take and use the Surname of Dickenson, according to the Will of John Dickenson Gent. deceased.

7. An Act to vest in Trustees for William Bounds Esq; the Reversion in Fee, expectant upon a Term of fourscore and nineteen Years now in Being, of and in certain Pieces of Ground and Building thereupon, in the parish of St. James within the Liberty of Westminster, and of and in a certain Message and Land at or near Knightsbridge, upon paying the Value thereof into the Exchequer,

8. An Act to confirm certain Exchanges, Conveyances, and other Assurances, made by John Jenyns Esq; and others, of some Parts of the Estates comprised in the Articles and Settlement made on his Marriage with Dorothy his late Wife, and to supply some Defects in the said Articles and Settlement; and to enable him to make a Settlement on any future Marriage.

9. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estates of George Bennet Gent. and of Henry Bennet, his only Son and Heir, in the County of Devon, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act to naturalise Elizabeth Burr and others.

11. An Act to naturalise John Berkenhout and Jacob Hansen Busk.

12. An Act for completing the Sale of the Manors of Croxton, alias Croxden, and Great Tate, and other Lands and Tenements, late the Estate of the most Noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston (Lord Privy Seal) in the County of Stafford; and ascertaining and augmenting the Stipend of the Minister of Croxton aforesaid, out of the said Estate, and for charging one Annuity given to the Poor of Croxton aforesaid, wholly upon the said Estate, and discharging the same Estate from other Annuities given to the Minister and Poor of Tong in the County of Salop, by a Deed and Will of Gervas Lord Pierrepont deceased, and thereby charged upon his Estate in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

13. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement between the most noble John, Duke of Montagu, and William, Duke of Manchester, and others, upon a Marriage intended between the said Duke of Manchester and the Lady Isabella, eldest Daughter of the said Duke of Montagu.

14. An Act for the vesting several Woods, Lands and Coppices in Stanierne and Geddington in the County of Northampton, and belonging to the Right Honourable George Earl of Cardigan, in the most noble John Duke of Montagu, and his Heirs; and for vesting and settling other Woods, Lands and Coppices, lying in the Parishes of Oakley Parva and Stanierne in the said County of Northampton, in and upon the said George Earl of Cardigan, with Remainders over, and in the Manner herein mentioned.

15. An Act to enable Richard Edgecombe, Esq; to sell Lands not exceeding twenty Acres, to and for the Use of his Majesty, for building a Victualling Office for the Service of the Royal Navy at Plymouth, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold now stand limited by his Marriage Settlement.

16. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of Mary the Wife of Thomas Horton, Esq; a Lunatic, to execute the Powers in the Marriage Settlement of the said Lunatic, for raising any Sum not exceeding three thousand Pounds, for Elizabeth Horton and Eleanor Horton his Daughters, and for other Purposes herein mentioned.

17. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of Richard Somers, Esq; in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Debt now owing and charged thereon, on Account of his late Brother and Sisters Portions.

18. An Act for naturalising John Baring.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Richard Clayton, Esq; in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

20. An Act for vesting the Estates of Sir Gervas Clifton, Bart, in Trustees, and to enable him to take an Estate for Life, by way of Purchase, in Settlements intended to be made of his Estates on the Marriage of Robert Clifton, Esq; his Son and Heir Apparent.

21. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Anderson, Bart, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Queenbill, and other the Lands therein mentioned in the County of Worcester, for raising Moneys for and towards Payment of the Debts of William Gower, Esq; and of John Gower, his Son deceased; for discharging the said Manor and Lands of and from the same.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting, an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, to be raised for the Service of the Year 1724.

2. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery for the Service of the Year 1724. and touching lost Bills, Tickets, Certificates or Orders; and for giving further Time for Payment of the Duties on Money given with Apprentices; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

3. An Act for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to oblige all Persons being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain, refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, to register their Names and Real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for taking the said Oaths, and making such registers, and for allowing farther Time for the Enrolment of Deeds or Wills made by Papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled, pursuant to an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign; and also for giving Relief to Protestant Lessees.

5. An Act for redeeming certain Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for Payment of the Principal and Interest on the standing Orders for the Blank Tickets in the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1714. and for making good the Loss, which happened in the Treasury of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Reduction of Guineas; and for granting Relief to Catherine Collingwood, Widow.

6. An Act for enlargng the Term granted by an Act passed in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the said County in the Road to Colnebrooke; and for making the said Act more effectual.

7. An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye.

8. An Act for reviving an Act passed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to make a Causey over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Caister in the County of Norfolk; and for making the said Act more effectual.

9. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of harlou) bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford in the County of Essex.

10. An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa-Paste imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in Lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa-Paste; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Coconuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzel late Earl of Carnwath.

11. An Act to prevent Multiplicity of Prosecutions upon an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

12. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Stump Cross in the Parish of Chesterford in the County of Essex, to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.

13. An Act for amending the Roads from the Stones End in Southwark to Highgate, at the Entrance of Ashdown Forest in the Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, and from Kingston to Burton Common, and also the Lane leading from Wood Hatch to Sidlow Mill, and the Lanes called Horsehills, Bonehurst alias Boners, and Peteridge Lanes in the County of Surry, by enlarging the Terms granted by two former Acts, one of the fourth, and the other of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

14. An Act for enlarging the Times for hearing and determining Claims by the Trustees for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South-Sea Company, and others; and for reviving and continuing the Provision formerly made against requiring Special Bail in Actions or Suits upon Contracts for Stock or Subscriptions, between the first Day of December 1719. and the first Day of December 1720. and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunchurch in the County of Warwick, to the bottom of Meriden hill in the same County.

16. An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery.

17. An Act for continuing Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for better regulating of Pilots; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for better Encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain.

18. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Breadths, and preventing Frauds and Abuses in manufacturing Serges, Pladdings and Fingrums, and for regulating the Manufactures of Stockings in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the same relates to Serges.

19. An Act for explaining the Law concerning the Trial and Admission of the Ordinary Lords of Session.

20. An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London and Suburbs thereof, or within seven Miles Circuit of the said City.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for naturalising of John Herman, gentleman.

2. An Act for naturalising William Hodgson, Francis Noguier, and others.

3. An Act for naturalising John Gerhardt Muller and James Horner.

4. An Act for completing the rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Martin in the Fields.

5. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Botolphs Bishopsgate, in the City of London, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

6. An Act to enclose the Common Fields and Commons of Sunningwell cum Bayworth in the County of Berks.

7. An Act for draining, improving and inclosing the Common called Oxburgh Common in the Parish of Oxburgh in the County of Norfolk, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act to enable Thomas Duke of Norfolk, to make Leases for sixty Years, of the Houses and Ground in Arundel street, Norfolk street, Howard street, Surrey street, and other his Tenements and Estate in the Parish of St. Clements Danes in the County of Middlesex.

9. An Act to vest in Trustees the Manors of Battlesden and Pottesgrave, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bedford, the Estate of Benjamin Bathurst, Esq; to the Intent the same may be sold, in order to complete a Purchase by him made of Lands in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses.

10. An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Humphry Whadcock deceased, for discharging a Debt due to the Crown, and for Payment of such other his Debts, as his personal Estate will not extend to pay; and for settling the residue of his Lands conformable to his last Will.

11. An Act for enabling Pelsant Reeves, Gentleman, to sell certain Leasehold Lands in Suffolk, settled upon his Marriage, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act for naturalising Henry Voght and Schaftianus Von Woenigem de Vyver.

13. An Act for adding the Surname of Tylney, to the descendants of the Right Honourable William Lord Craven and Anne his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir of Frederick Tylney, Esq;

14. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands and Tenements in or near Deptford in the County of Kent, to Trustees upon Trust for Sir John Evelyn, Bart, and his Heirs, upon a full Consideration to be paid for the same.

15. An Act to enable Sir Geffery Palmer, Bart, and Robert Palmer, Esq; and the Survivor of them, together with Thomas Palmer, Esq; to convey and settle several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Leicester, Northampton and Lincoln.

16. An Act for allowing to Thomas Pagett, Esq; out of fourteen thousand Pounds, vested in Trustees by an Act of Parliament for Sale of his wife's Estate, the Sum of four thousand Pounds, upon the Consideration therein mentioned.

17. An Act to settle the Estate of Sir Henry Atkins, Bart, according to the Intention of Articles made before his Marriage with Dame Penelope his Wife, Daughter of Sir John Stonehouse, Bart.

18. An Act for explaining the Will of Jacob Knight, Esq; deceased, and charging his Fee-simple Estates with two thousand Pounds, and Interest, for the Portion of his youngest Son Charles Knight.

19. An Act for vesting the Manor of Coniston-Cold in the County of York, and other Lands and Tenements therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Henry Coulthurst, Esq; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for vesting certain of Lands in the County of Suffolk, late the Estate of Henry Appleton, Esq; deceased, in Trust, to be sold for Payment of his Childrens Portions.

21. An Act for vesting the Estates of Walter Bagenall, Esq; and his two Daughters, in the Counties of Dublin and Meath in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and raising Portions for the said Daughters.

22. An Act to enable John Howe of Stowell in the County of Gloucester, Esq; to sell the Manor or Lordship of Ellerton alias Ellerton upon Swale, and all other his Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Gloucester, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in Lieu thereof.

23. An Act to enable Hugh Viscount Falmouth, and Richard Edgcombe, Esq, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

24. An Act to enable George Dodington, Esq; to take in Great Britain the Oaths of Office, as Writer of the Tallies and Counter tallies, and Clerk of the Pells in the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

25. An Act to naturalise John Wern.

26. An Act to naturalise John Van Rixtell and Ludolff Schaart.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land-Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1723.

2. An Act for indemnifying the Matters in Chancery, upon their discovering what Consideration, Price or Gratuity they paid or agreed to pay for the Purchase of, or for their Admission to, their respective Offices.

3. An Act to enable the Pier wardens of the Town of Margat in the County of Kent, more effectually to recover the ancient and accustomary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier.

4. An Act for preventing the Inconveniences arising for want of Elections of Mayors, or other Chief Magistrates of Boroughs or Corporations being made upon the Days appointed by Charter or Usage for that Purpose, and directing in what Manner such Elections shall be afterwards made.

5. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, for amending and maintaining the Roads between North-fleet, Gravesend and Rochester in the County of Kent; and for explaining the same Act, and for appropriating Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blean in the said County of Kent.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for rating such unrated Goods and Merchandizes as are usually imported into this Kingdom, and pay Duty ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Importer; and for ascertaining the Value of all Goods and Merchandizes not inserted in the former or present Book of Rates; and for repealing certain Duties upon Drugs and Rags; and for continuing the Duty upon Apples; and for ascertaining the Method of admeasuring Pictures imported.

8. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1723, and for transferring the Deficiency of a late Malt Act to this Act; and for explaining a late Act in Relation to Stamp-duties on Newspapers; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for disposing certain Overplus Money to proper Objects of Charity; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets, and Orders, lost, burnt, or other wise destroyed; for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices, to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and Contrasts.

9. An Act for continuing the several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds to the Bank of England until Midsummer 1727, and from thence, for reducing the same to seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Earthings, and eighty thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament; and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited, or erased Bank bills or Notes.

10. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the East riding of the County of York, to take down the County bridge called Stanford bridge, and to build a Stone Bridge at a more convenient Place over the River Darwent. in the said Riding instead thereof.

11. An Act for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield in the County of Middlesex to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for incorporating the Executor of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Guy, late of the City of London Esq; deceased, and others, in order to the better Management and Disposition of the Charities given by his said last Will.

13. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith in the County of Derby, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

14. An Act for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire in the said County, next to Barley in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in Trumpington-street in the Town of Cambridge.

15. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Seven Oaks to Woods gate and Tunbridge wells in the County of Kent; and for explaining and making more effectual the same Act; and for amending (out of the Tolls and Duties arising by the said Act, and this present Act) the Highways leading from Woods-Gate aforesaid, to Kippings-Cross in the Parish of Brenchly in the said County of Kent.

16. An Act for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton in the County of Cumberland.

17. An Act for redeeming the Annuities of twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, charged on the Civil List Revenues, by an Act of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; and for discharging the Debts and Arrears due from his Majesty to his Servants, Tradesmen, and others.

18. An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order and Government of the said City.

19. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the Parliament held in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable.

20. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade in the County of Bedford to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the Top of Alconberry hill, or Cross Post leading into Sautery lane on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Cross-Hall in Eaton Sokon in the said County of Bedford to Great Stoughton Common in the said County of Huntingdon.

21. An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

22. An Act to prevent Violences and Outrages being committed by any Persons, under Pretence of sheltering themselves from Debt, or any Process of Law, within the Hamlet of Wapping Stepney, or elsewhere, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

23. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof.

24. An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West riding of the County of York.

25. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick, and for making the same more effectual.

---

26. An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for the better Teeming the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom.

27. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the p.eign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Sheppards shord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Alhlington Hill and Rawford in the County of Wilts; and for explaining the said Act, and making the same more effectual and extensive.

28. An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by hire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

29. An Act to continue several Acts therein mentioned for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; for preventing the clandestine running of Goods; for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity; and for explaining and amending a late Act for more effectual Punishment of such, as shall wilfully burn or destroy Ships.

30. An Act for more eft edtual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the Curing of Salmon and Coufilh, in the Year 1719, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the Insurance Companies to plead the General Issue in Actions brought against them; and for securing the Stamp-duties upon Policies of Insurance.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii I.

1. AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Young, Esq; with Mary Heathcote, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act to enable William Ball Esq; and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Basil.

3. An Act to enable Thomas Leigh, alias Pennington, Esq; and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Leigh, according to the Settlement of Peter Leigh Esq; deceased.

4. An Act to naturalise John Tolet, John Herman Xur Hors, and others.

5. An Act to enclose the Common and Tract of Land called Cross on finney, in the County of Lancaster.

6. An Act to enable John, Lord Saint John, to settle a Jointure on such Woman as he shall marry, and to make Provision for the Daughters and younger Children of such Marriage, out of the Efla'e devised to him by the Will of William, Lord Saint John, deceased.

7. An Act to enable Sir William Monson Bart, and George Monson Esq; and the Survivor of them, together with John Monson Esq; to convey and settle several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Lincoln, Hertford and Nottingham.

8. An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement between Archibald Hamilton Esq; (commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton) of the one Part, and George Parker Esq; (commonly called Lord Parker) and other Trustees of a Charity therein mentioned, of the other Part, for exchanging certain Lands in the County of Berks, belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands of a greater Value.

9. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Richard fleet wood, late of Rotfel in the County of Lancaster, Efa; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

10. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Pule

ston Esq; for discharging Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same.

11. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Manors of Ilafdton and Turkdcan, in the County of Gloucester, late the Estate of Sir William Banejlre Knt. deceased, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for making Provision for his Daughters and Coheirs, pursuant to their several Marriage Articles, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

12. An Act to enable Stephen Hales, Clerk, and Henry Carrington, Gent. to sell their undivided Moieties of the Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates at Much Hadbam, in the County of Hertford, late the Estate of William Netvce, Esq; deceased.

13. An Act for naturalising Paul brou/het.

14. An Act to naturalise Jacob Wolfe, and others.

15. An Act for explaining a Power contained in the Settlement of the Duchess of Bolton's Estate on her Marriage with the present Duke, and making the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

16. An Act for vesting the Manor and Lands of and in Brignall in the County of York, late the Estate and Inheritance of Richard, Earl Rivers, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold towards Discharging the Incumbrances affecting his Estate in the County of Chester.

17. An Act to enable Arthur, Lord Viscount Iriuyn, to raise Money by Mortgage or Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of York, Lincoln, Oxon, and City of London, for Payment of Debts, Legacies and Portions, charged thereupon; and to settle the Estates therein mentioned on Henry Ingram Esq; his next Brother, and his Heirs.

18. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Edmund Afloby, for his Part of a Debt due to the Crown, on Account of his having been Surety for Benjamin Blundell, late receiver-general of the land-tax and Duties on Koufes for the County of Leicester.

19. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejling the estates of Sir Gervas Clifton, Bart, in Trustees and to enable him to take an Estate for Life by way of purchase in Settlements intended to be made of his estates, on the Marriage of Robert Clifton Esq, his Son and Heir apparent.

20. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Edward Blacket Bart, in Trustees, to be sold for raising eight thousand Pounds charged thereupon by his late brother's Marriage Settlement.

21. An Act for enabling Elizabeth rv.foaut, Lady of the Manor of Overfivetl, in the County of Gloucester, to enclose all and every the Lands lying within the said Manor or Parish of Overfivcll, in Pursuance of several Agreements therein mentioned to have been made between the said Elizabeth Rushout, and the rejor of the Parish aforesaid; and between the said Elizabeth and the Churchwarden and Parishioners of the said Parish, and to establish the said Agreements.

22. An Act to enable James Bateman Esq; to sell the Manor of Tooting Graveney, and all other his Estate in the County of Surrey, and with the Moneys arising thereby, to purchase the Manors of Well and Alford, and other Lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Estate in Surrey Hands settled.

23. An Act for discharging certain Lands at Eccleshall, in the County of Stafford, from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Marriage settlement of Thomas Bocthby. Skrymjher Esq; and for settling other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

24. An Act for Sale of the Moiety of a Farm, called Stony

The TITLES of

Grainge Farm, in the Isle of Ely, to Jabez Collier, Gent. and for applying the Money arising thereby in the purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

---

25. An Act for Sale of an Estate late of Henry Hawkins, Citizen of London, deceased, for the Benefit of his Widow and Children, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for enabling John Phillips, Esq; and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Goodwin.

27. An Act to enable Simon Thorowgood, Gent. to change his Surname of Thorowgood to that of Lord.

---

28. An Act to naturalise Mary Marie De la Croze.

29. An Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble Wriothesly Duke of Bedford, on his Marriage with the Right Honourable the Lady Anne Egerton. Daughter of the most Noble Scroop, Duke of Bridgwater.

30. An Act to enable Edmund, Duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, to make Leases (with the consent of his Guardian and Trustees) of the Manors, Lands and Estate therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting the Estates of the most Noble Henry, Duke of Kent, in the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Gloucester, in the said Duke and his Heirs; and for settling his other Estates in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bedford, Hertford, Northampton, and Leicester, in Lieu thereof.

32. An Act to enclose diverse Parcels of Waste Grounds, lying and being in Westhaughton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

33. An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrnvjiury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield in the said County of York, and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein.

34. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements in the County of Cornwall, late the Estate of Sir Jonathan Trelawny, Bart, (late Lord Bishop of *Winchester) deceased, to be sold for discharging certain Mortgages by him made thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Ralph Widdrington Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of the said Ralph Widdrington.

36. An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named to make a Conveyance of Lands in thring/lon, in the County of Leicester, in Pursuance of Articles of Agreement entered into for that purpose.

37. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual an Agreement made between Anne Hefier, Widow, tvi Hi am Hester and Anne Hefier the Younger; and for vesting in Trustees certain messuages and Tenements in the Parish of St. Olave in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to enable them to convey the same, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for Sale thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for Sale of the Manors of Middle Ditchford, alias Freeman's Ditchford, Guy's Ditchford, alias Over Ditchford, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Worcester, for Payment of the Debts of Gilbert Sheldon Esq; deceased; for making Provision for his Widow, his Children and Grandchildren; and other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An Act to enable James Wilkinson, and Trustees, to make Leases for one, two or three Lives, or for Years determinable on one, two or three Lives, or a certain Number of Years, of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement.

40. An Act for enabling Henry Saint John, late Viscount

the STATUTES.

Bolingbroke, and the Heirs Male of his Body, notwithstanding his Attainder, to take and enjoy several Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Wilts, Surrey and Middlesex, according to such Estates and interests as to him or them are limited thereof by the Quinquepartite Indenture, and other Assurance therein mentioned; and for limiting the same in Default of Issue Male of the Body of the said late Viscount Bolingbroke, to the other Sons of Henry Viscount Saint John, successively in Tail Male; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

41. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Annefe.y the Younger, Esq; with Elizabeth Sutton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An Act to vest the real Estate of Dame Elizabeth Holford, Widow, deceased, in the Parish of St. Olaves Hart street, London, in Christopher Appleby, Gent. and his Heirs, for the better enabling him to sell the same towards the Discharge of the Charitable and other Legacies given by her Will.

43. An Act for naturalising Roger Harem, and Matthew de Neufuille.

---

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1726.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million, to be raised by way of a Lottery.

3. An Act for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1726, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Shipping of Malt for Exportation to Foreign Parts; and for ascertaining the Price of Ale to be sold in Scotland, and for making good the Deficiency on the Lottery tickets of the year 1724, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets and Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

5. An Act for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester.

6. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill in the County of Warwick.

---

7. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Amendment of that way which leads from Cherril through Caine to Studley Bridge in the County of Wilts, and for making the said Act more effectual; and for extending the Road so to be amended, from Cherril to the Three Miles Borough at the Top of Cherril Hill.

8. An Act for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury in the County of Berks, to Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between Crackley bank in the Parish of Idfal, alias Shiffnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

10. An Act for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to cory's Mill; and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hitchin in the said County: And for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the reign of his

The TITLES of

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage in the said County, to Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

11. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ilorf uy Uprightgate, leading down Bowden hill, in the County of ivuts, to the Top of Kingsdown hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

12. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying a Duty upon ail Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for prohibiting their sending Beer or Ale out of their Houses to distant Places, in any Pots or Vessels less than a Gallon; and also for adding one hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those already Licensed; for applying certain Arrears of former Land taxes towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 17z6*, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

---

13. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford.

14. An Act for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcester.

15. An Act for repairing the Walls, Gates, and other publick Works in the City of Norwich, and several Bridges in and near the said City, and for amending the Roads therein mentioned.

---

16. An Act for repairing the Road from spittlegate hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the County of Nottingham.

17. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an act made in the firffc Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; for making the said act more effectual.

18. An Act for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester.

19. An Act for enlarging the erm granted by an act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet bridge in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and for making the said act more effectual.

20. an act for enlarging the Term granted by an act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway or Read from the City of Worcester to the Borough adroit which, in the County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Worcester.

21. An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

22. An Act to continue two acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between tvymtmdham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherset, in the County of Norfolk; the one passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the other in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and for repairing the Road from the Mouth of ihigmore lare to Hall walk gate in Attleborough, in the said County.

23. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the western Part of the Parish of Skenfield to Hagivlch in the County of Essex; and the Road leading from Chelmsford in the said County, to Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, and from Margretting to Malden in the County of Essex, and from Colchester to Langbam in the said County.

24. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and also the Roads to and near Berklen,

Von.

the STATUTES.

Durflcy, ivatton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester.

25. An Act to enable the present and future Inhabitants of the East, North, and Welt Sides or Lines of St. James's Square, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient to clean, adorn, and beautify the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair.

26. An Act for repealing the Duty laid upon Snuff, by an act made in the eighth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, and for ascertaining the Rates according to which the remaining Duties are to be paid, and for giving further Encouragement to the Greenland Fishery.

27. An Act for vesting in his Majesty an Imposition of two Pennies Scots, upon all Ale and Beer brewed and sold in the City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for satisfying the Damages and Losses which Daniel Campbell Esq; lately suffered in a Riot there.

28. An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties.

29. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests.

30. An Act for continuing an act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violence to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to justice.

---

31. An Act for the better regulating Trials by Nisi prius in the County of Middlesex.

32. An Act for better securing the Moneys and effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery; and to prevent the counterfeiting of East-India Bonds, and Indorsements thereon; as likewise Indorsements on South-Sea Bonds.

33. An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

34. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages.

35. An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers or Tilemakers within fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles.

36. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney in the County of Surrey.

37. An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex.

38. An Act for making the River Dun, in the West-Riding of the County of York, navigable, from Holmstile in Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Tinsley, Westward, a Township within two Miles of Sheffield.

39. An Act for making Provision for the Rector of St. Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii I.

1. AN act for the better enabling the Trustees of John, Lord Ashburnham, to sell Breckborough and Beckerings Parks in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and enclosing, or holding in Severalty the Common Field within the Parish of Compton Basset, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for enclosing several Common Fields in the Parish of Bubnel, alias Bobenhuil, in the County of Warwick.

---

4. An Act for dischafing and disfranchising the Chase of Alrevjas Hay, in the County of Stafford, and for the impowering

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

John Turton Esq; Owner thereof, to enclose a Part of iueh Chase, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

5. An Act for confirming several Awards made for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds within the Manors of Fangfoffi cum Spittle, and scaggle thorpe, in the County of York.

6. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, called Boivoo'l Park, in the County of tvtits, to Trustees, upon Trust for Sir Orlando Bridgman, Bart, and his Heirs, upon a full Consideration to be paid for the same.

7. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Site of the dissolved Monastery of Furneis, in Trust for Sir Thomas Lowther, Bart, and his Pleirs, upon paying the Value thereof into the Exchequer.

8. An Act for ascertaining several messuages and Lands in the County of Gloucester, purchased by Sir Greville Ferney, and for the effectual Partition of the Manor of Tudrington and licbington, in the said County.

9. An Act to rectify a Mistake in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Honourable George Carpenter Esq; with Elizabeth, his now Wife.

10. An Act to enable Charles Lowndes Gent. and the Persons in Remainder after him, to make Contracts for getting Brick earth in, and grant Building Leases of the Koufe and Ground called Spring garden, and other the Ground called Great Spittlefieldand Little Spittlefield, in the parishes of St. Martin in the Fields and Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of William Lowndes Esq; deceased.

11. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time, to compound with Thomas Baynton an, ! Robert Shaw, late, of London, Merchants and Copartners, for a Debt due from them to the Crown, on Account of Bonds given for Duties on Tobacco.

12. An Act for discharging certain Lands in the County of jfills, from the Uses and Estates limited thereof in the Settlement made by Zachary Bayly, Gentleman, after his Marriage with Mercy his Wife, and for settling other Lands of greater yearly Value in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, in Lieu thereof.

13. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Manors of Hardwick and Haresfield, and other Lands in the County of Gloucester, the Estate of Thomas Trye Esq; to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for confirming a Lease made by Thomas Byde Esq; to James Forclhani therein mentioned, and to enable him to let Leases of any Part of his Estate, for any Number of Years not exceeding eighty eight Years.

15. An Act for Sale of the Manor of jfarkleigh, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Warkleigh, Satterley and Roborough in the County of Devon, the 3 Estate of Thomas Jeffery, of the City of Exon, Merchant, towards raising Provisions for Susanna his Wife, and their Children; for securing whereof the said Manor and Lands were, at the Time of their Marriage, made liable.

16. An Act to enable the Trustees of Edward ransforda Esq; to make Leases of certain messuages, Houses, and Plots of Ground in and near the City of Dublin.

17. An Act for naturalising John Pontz, John Christopher, Balthazer Wagner, and others.

18. An Act for naturalising Jean Jaques Coulliette devali X court.

19. An Act for Sale of the Site of Cardigan House, lately! demolished by Fire, situate and being in Great Lincoln's Inn fields in the County of Middlesex, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling Lands of greater Value in the County of York, to the same Uses.

20. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of James Lord Waldegrave in the County of Somerset, and for settling other Lands in Lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for discharging the Barton and Lands of and in Catch French in the County of Cornwall, from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Will of Hugh Fortescue Esq; and for settling the Barton and Demesne of toxvn house, and other Lands in the County of Devon, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof.

22. An Act to repeal an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to enable Sir James Lumley, Baronet, to settle a competent Jointure, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to veil the several Estates of the said Sir James Lumley herein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Martin Lumley, Baronet, his late Father deceased, and the said Sir James Lumlcy's own Debts.

23. An Act for making Leases of diverse Lands and Grounds in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of Dame Mary Grosvenor, a Lunatic, during her Life.

24. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Fcjlus Burke, Baronet, toward discharging the Debts and Incumbrances alfefting the same, and for making a Provision for the Lady Letitia his Wife, eldest Daughter of the Right Honourable John late Earl of Clanrickard in the Kingdom of Ireland.

25. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Oxon and Bucks, in Dame Anne Tipping and her Heirs, and certain Manors and Lands in the County of Devon, in Dame Mary Tipping and her Heirs, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

26. An Act for Sale of several Lands in the County of Suffolk, the Estate of the Honourable Thomas Sidney Esq; and Mary his Wife, and for purchasing several Lands in the County of Norfolk, of as great or greater Value, and settling the said Lands in Norfolk to the same Uses, as the said Lands in Suffolk now stand limited.

27. An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Henry Grey Esq; in the County of Southampton, and for settling other Estates of equal Value in the Counties of Berks and tfilis to the same Uses.

28. An Act for vesting the Real and Personal Estates of Richard Hampden Esq; in Trustees, for making some Provision for his Wife and Family, and for better securing the Debt due from him to the Crown.

29. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Burt deceased, in the County of Southampton.

30. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland (the Estate of Cafar Colclough Esq; in Trustees) to be sold or mortgaged for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Thomas Bennet Esq; in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, Middlesex, and the City of London, to sell Part thereof for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

PUBLIC ACTS,

Anno 13 Georgii I.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by 3 II land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1727.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The TITLES of the

3. An Act for redeeming sundry Annuities transfurrable at the Hank of England, and the Annuities payable on handing Orders for Army Debentures, by the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for applying to the same Fund the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the Head of the Bankers Debt, and making Provision for future Claims on the same Debt, and for applying the Lottery tickets Anno 1726. which were returned into the Exchequer, to the discharging the handing Orders made out for the Sufferers at Nevis and St. Christopher's, as far as the same will extend.

4. An Act for cleansing, deepening and widening a Greek called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull, and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck, and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, in the East riding of the County of York, and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town.

5. An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Pensilvania in America.

---

6. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland in the County of Durham.

7. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1727. and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

---

8. An Act to enable the South-Sea Company, with the Licence and Consent of the East India Company, to take in Negroes within their Limits of Trade, and to deliver the same at Buenos Airs.

---

9. An Act for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston in the County of Lancaster.

10. An Act for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Warrington to Wigan in the County of Lancaster.

---

11. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester town's End to St. John's Bridge in the County of Gloucester.

12. An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the city of Bristol.

13. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Studley Bridge through Chippenham in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togbill in the County of Gloucester.

14. An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham through the Town of Wednesbury to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet lane, next adjoining to the town ship of Bilson, and from Great Bridge through Dudley to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittle lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford and Worcester.

15. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgreve to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

16. An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts.

17. An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton in the County of Bedford, to Westwood gate in the said County.

18. An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely.

19. An Act for repealing Part, and making more effectual the Residue of an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Incorporating certain Persons for the better providing for, and sitting at Work the Poor in the City of Gloucester.

20. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called holmcjule, in the Township of Doncaster, in the County of York, to jvilfiek ploufi, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the said County.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of three hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer bills, to be charged on the Surplus Moneys of the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years, and since made perpetual.

22. An Act for enlarging the Times for hearing and determining Claims by the Trustees for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South-Sea Company and others; and for Relief of the Creditors of Robert Knight, Esq; late Cashier of the said Company, and for Relief of Persons who have entered Claims for contingent Debts and Incumbrances; and for giving Time to Ralph Gulflon, and other Creditors of Edward Gibbon, Esq; to enter Claims before the said Trustees for a Debt specified in the Inventory of the said Edward Gibbon, and for impowering the Trustees to dismiss Claims for Want of prosecution; and for applying the Produce of the said Estates for the Benefit of the South-Sea Company.

23. An Act for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for profecti ting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in Case of Payment of the workmen's Wages in any other Manner than in Money.

---

24. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

25. An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited.

26. An Act for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

---

27. An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to Copper Bars exported; and for better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; and for searching Drugs and Compositions for Medicines.

28. An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the Crown; and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as having been duly entered, remain undetermined.

29. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons on board the Fleet, or beyond the Seas in his Majesty's Service, to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of Offices and Employments, and for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves within the Time limited for that Purpose, and for the better ascertaining such Time.

30. An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

31. An Act for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead bridge, which lies in the County of Bucks.

32. An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royflon in the County of Hertford, toivandf ford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon.

33. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of York.

34. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled, An Aid for making Navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford; anti for making the same more effectual.

35. An Act for establishing a certain Provision for maintaining the Curate of the Parish of St. Katherine Cree Church, alias Christ church, London; and for repairing and supporting the Chancel of the said Parish church.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii. I.

I. AN Act for naturalising Daniel Cvefpin.

2. An Act for naturalising Lotus Sekeyhaye, George Frederick Handel, and others.

3. An Act for exchanging, enclosing, and reducing into Southeast veralty, the Lands in the common Fields, common Meadows, mowing Grounds, Pasture and Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open in the Parish of Little rijjingtcn, in the County of Gloucester.

4. An Act to enable Thomas Brodnax, Esq; and the Heirs and Blue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of May.

5. An Act to enable Charles nicoii, alias Gounter, Esq; and his issue Male, to take and use the Surname of nicoii, pursuant to the Teed of Settlement of William nicoii, Esq; deceased.

6. An Act for enabling John Difbrow, Gent. and his issue, to take and use the Surname of Spencer.

7. An Act for naturalising Abraham Lindberg, and others.

8. An Act for naturalising Louis Aubert Duplejfts.

9. An Act for naturalising Lcivis Guillemau.

10. An Act to enable an Exchange to be made between Lionel Duke of Dorset, and the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esq; deceased, sixteen Acres, seventeen Perches and an half of Land and Coppice, lying near Knole Park, in the County of Kent, of the Value of eight Pounds per Annum, for a Rent charge of ten Pounds a Year, Part of a Fec f'nrm Rent of forty Pounds per Annum, issuing out of the Manor of Heddington, within the Flundred of buluiigclon, in the County of Oxford.

II. An Act to vest the several rectories, Parsonages, Churches and Chapels of Breamore, South Charfordhale, Rockbourn, Whitfbury, and fihddcjly, with the Glebe Land and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in new Trustees, to put in Execution certain Trusts and Powers contained in an Indenture dated the fifteenth Day of May 1683.

12. An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain common Fields and Wastes in the Townships of Scarcliffe and Palterton in Derbyshire, among the Proprietors, in order to enclose the same.

13. An Act for inclosing the common Fields in Hucklecott, in the Parish of Church down, in the County of Gloucester.

14. An Act to vest the Manors of Great Hallingbttry and Little Hallingbury, Wallbury and Monkbury, and the Forest or Chase in the Panin of Hatfield, in the County of Essex; and also the Manor or Lordship of Bluntshall, in the County of Suffolk, and the Manor or Lordship of win tvrton, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts, to which the same are subject by Virtue of the Will of Sir Edward Tumour, Knt. deceased; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses mentioned in the Will of the said Sir Edward Tumour.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Moil Breton Esq; in trustees, to be sold for raising three thousand Pounds charged on other Part of the same Estate, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Lands in the Town and Liberties of Bridgenorth, in the county of Salop,

contained in the Marriage settlement of John Pate, Gent. and for the purchasing and Settling other Lands of as great yearly Value to the same Uses

17. An Act for exchanging the Tithes and Glebe lands of and belonging to the reaory of the Church of adding for., in the County of Bucks, for other Lands in Addington aforesaid, to be settled on the reaor of the said Church, and his Successors, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

18. An Act for vesting the real Estate late of Elihu Tale, Esq; deceased, in the County of Denby, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying one third Part of the Moneys arising by Sale thereof, according to the Will of urfiulayale, his Daughter, deceased, and the other two Thirds for the Benefit of his two other Coheirs.

19. An Act for repealing a Power of Revocation in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Francis Goitlfton, Esq; and for establishing and vesting a new Power instead thereof.

20. An Act for confirming a Conveyance of the Manor of the reaory of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, unto Sir Baldwin Conyers, Bart, in Exchange for an Annuity granted by him to the Vicar of Great Sioughr tonne aforesaid, and his Succcil ors.

21. An Act for vesting certain of and other Lands in John Amphlett, Esq; in Lieu of the Freehold Lands agreed to be purchased and settled on him by the Marriage articles of Joseph Amphlett, Esq; his late Father, with Anne his Wife, both deceased; for making Provision for the younger Children of that Marriage.

22. An Act for Sale of two undivided third Parts of the Manor of Weeton and other Lands in Holderness, Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Rand, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an entire Estate to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An Act for vesting the real and Personal Estate of tvil liatn Norton, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Aldbury, in the Parish of Meflham, and the Manpr of Chaldon, and other Lands in the County of Surrey, Part of the Estate of John Southcott, Esq; for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling the Capital Messuage of Witham Place, and other Lands in the County of Essex, of the same Value, Part of the Estate of Sir Edward Southcott, Knt. Father of the said John Southcott, to the like Uses.

25. An Act for settling certain Lands and Tenements of Edward Sainthill, the Elder, Esq; therein mentioned, pursuant to an Agreement made on the Marriage of Edward Sainthill, his Son, with Frances, the Daughter of Sir Walter Tounge, Bart.

26. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Wall, for Payment of Debts, and for settling other Part of his Estate for the Education and Maintenance of his only Son.

27. An Act for vesting several Sums of Money in the arch bishop of Canterbury, and the Bishop of Ely, given for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of poor Vicars within the Dioceses of Canterbury and Ely; and to empower them to lay out the same in the Purchase of Lands to be vested in other Trustees for the same Purposes

28. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Valentine Brown, Esq; commonly called Lord Kenmare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affcaing the same.

29. An Act to enable Thomas, now Lord Southwell, and his Trustees, to raise Money, by making Leases for Lives, renewable for ever, and See farms, and by Sale or Mortgage of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of

The TITLES of

Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Estate of Sir Redmond Everard, Bart, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes.

31. An Act to enable Mary O' Gar a. Widow, to fuc for her Jointure Lands.

32. An Act for vesting in Trustees a Message and Garden in the Parish of St. Katherine Coleman, London, the Estate of Robert Thornton, and Hannah his Wife, to be sold, on settling an Estate of a greater Value to the same Uses;

33. An Act for confirming a Sale made by Anthony Palmer, to Lewis Buckle, Esq; of certain of Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of East Mean, in the County of Southampton, and for settling other of Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the same Manor, of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses as the said Lands so sold now Hand limited.

34. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William ki naston, Esq; and for settling other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned.

33. An Act to enable Daniel Dunne, Esq; by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate, to raise Money to pay off and discharge the Portions of his Brothers and Sister, and a Mortgage of one thousand eight hundred seventy seven Pounds affecting the same.

36. An Act for vesting several Quantities and Parcels of South-Sea Stock, and South-Sea Annuities, in Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of Charles Lowndes, Gent. and foe the Benefit and Relief of him, and Rebecca his Wife.

---

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii II. Stat. 1.

1. AN Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South-Sea Company.

3. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

4. An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third, of Glorious Memory.

5. An Act for making further Provisions to enable Persons possessed of Offices at the Demise of his late Majesty, to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices, and for altering and explaining the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying persons for continuing in Offices; and for the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall, and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demise of his late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; for continuing such Laws as would expire at the End of this session of Parliament.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii II. Stat. 2.

1. AN Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1728. and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

---

3. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for reparbtg the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning lane end, next /fltwyford, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Ideally Bridge in the County of Berks.

4. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to ds mersham Bridge, at Somerfarn town's end, in the said County.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1728.

6. An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder mills on Hoirnfow heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term granred by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear inn in Reading, and Puntfield in the County of Berks, and for making the said Act more effectual, and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures for Annuities at three per Centum, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues.

9. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages due to Seamen, and for the constant, regular, and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages for the future; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for disposing of the Surplus of the Money granted for half Pay for the Year 1727.

10. An Act for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hof: life and ivoburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through ivoburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

11. An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester.

12. An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells in the Parish of St. Margaret in Rochester, to Maldstone*, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

---

13. An Act to oblige Ships coming, from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarentine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of Infection.

14. An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service.

15. An Act for making Provision for the rector of the New Church, situate near Millbank, in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

---

16. An Act for removing Doubts concerning the additional Duty of twopence per Gallon upon Low Wines, and Spirits of the iirii Extraction, from Foreign Materials;

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

and for obviating Questions relating to Appeals in matters of Excise; for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise, who may hear Causes depemling before them.

17. An Act for repealing the present Duties on Wine Lees, and Lignum Viter, and laying new Duties on Wine Lees; and for prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flasks, Bottles, or small Casks; for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures; and for supplying the Want of regular Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in Foreign Parts, where such Certificates cannot be had; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices, to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

18. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney in the County of Surrey; and for making the said Act more effectual.

19. An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable.

20. An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there, and for better enlightning the Streets of the said City.

21. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the Crown; and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined.

22. An Act to explain the Acts of the third and ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of two Penny Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of Petty Port Customs; for the more effectual securing. the Payment of such Money, as hath been, or filial 1 be contributed towards a Charitable Fund fior Relief of such as filial] suffer by Fire in the said City, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof.

23. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for repealing so much of two Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves to continue in Offices or Employments for the Space of six Months, after the Demise of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to enable Robert Ellison Esq; and the Heirs and issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle Francis Carre, Esq; deceased.

2. An Act for naturalising Abraham tvejfelotv.

3. An Act for naturalising Adam Oldenburg, Phillips du moufier, and others.

4. An Act to settle a Jointure on Susanna Countess of Shaftefiury, Wife of Anthony Earl of shaftesbury, in lieu and bar of her Dower or Thirds at the common-law.

5. An Act to enable the Guardians of the Lord George Bentincke, second Son of Henry late Duke of Portland, to make Leases of certain Houses, Grounds, and Tenements in Soho, during the Minority of the said Lord George, for making Provision for Ins Maintenance, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for confirming the Partitions of the Estates late of Sir William Davie Baronet deceased, among his Coheirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty to the same Uses to which their several undivided Parts thereof flood limited before the Partition.

7. An Act for vesting the Estate of William Bromley Esq; and Mary his Wife, lying at Sundon in the County of Bedford, in Trustees, to be sold pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage settlement.

8. An Act to enable Christopher Crowe of tvoodford hall, in the County of Essex, Esq; to sell or otherwise dispose of the Mansion house called tvoodford hall, and all other his Lands and Hereditaments at tfoodford, comprised in his Settlement thereof, he having settled other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, of greater Value, to the same Uses in lieu thereof.

9. An Act to enable the Guardians of Anna Elizabetha Bealing, an Infant about four Years old, appointed by this Act, to grant Building Leases of her fourth Part and Share of and in certain messuages, Grounds, and Hereditaments, in or near the Parish of St. Andrew Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex.

10. An Act for vesting the Manors of Shirfiehl, and diverse Lands and pleredlaments in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Granville tvheler Esq; in Trustees, discharged of the Uses in a former Settlement, he having settled an Efrate in the County of Kent to the same Uses in lieu thereof.

11. An Act to enable Thomas Broivn Gent. to grant Building Leases of his Estate in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

12. An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a division of certain common Fields, Lands, and Waites in the Parish of c&oerrington, in the County of Gloueefer, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the same.

13. An Act for naturalising John Lanove.

14. An Act for enabling Charles Duke of Grefton, Lord of the Manor of Grafton, in the County of Northampton, to enclose the Common Fields and Wafts Grounds within the said Manor, in pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Grafton Regis, and to establish the said Agreements.

15. An Act for vesting in Trustees, diverse Lands in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks, tvilts, Oxford and York, the Estate of David Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with George Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Atwood and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, pedlars and Petty Chapmen, for a Debt they stand charged with to the Crown.

17. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for cu stoms on Tobacco and Wines.

18. An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir Halfwell Tynte Bart, and Dame Mary his Wife (in Right of Dame Mary) in Trustees, to be settled to the Uses in their Marriage Articles.

19. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir John tvitte vjronge Bart, deceased, in the County of Bucks, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarah Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, the purchaser thereof, under a Decree of the High Court of Chancery.

The TITLES of

---

20. An Act for impowering the Honourable Charles Howard Esq; to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Manors of Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other Manors and Lands therein mentioned, for Payment of the Debts of Charles William late Earl of Suffolk and Bindon, deceased.

21. An Act for making more effectual a Deed of Appointment executed by Frederick Tilney Esq; late deceased, with respect to twenty thousand Pounds, and for settling the same for the Purposes herein mentioned.

---

22. An Act for vesting the real Estates of William Scourfield the Elder, Esq; Katharine his Wife, jwtuiam Scourfield the Younger, Esq; and Anne his Wife, in the Counties of Pembroke and Brecon, in Trustees, to certain Uses therein mentioned.

23. An Act for lie! i f of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent.

24. An Act for discharging an Incumbrance on the Lands of Donoghmore, Part of the Bishopric of Cloyne in Ireland.

25. An Act for vesting Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Overstone in the County of Northampton, in Henry Stratford Esq; and his Heirs, to enable the making of Enclosures, and for other Purposes herein mentioned.

25. An Act for confirming the Enclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Overton, Longville and Botolph's Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon.

27. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon Esq; a Lunatic, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same.

28. An Act for vesting an undivided fifth Part of a leasehold Estate in Crondall, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money arising by the Sale thereof, to purchase one or more Estate or Estates in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act to enable James Fox Esq; and others, to make Leases of the Estate in the County of Surrey, devised to him by Frances late Viscountess Lanesborough; and for Sale of Bridge Houfie Farm, Part of the said Estate, and investing the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the same County, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes herein mentioned.

---

30. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Nicholls Esq; deceased, in the County of Cornwall, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for naturalising James Delerme.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 2 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1729. and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1729.

5. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannal's Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester, and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent, to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood End and Ogley Hay; and also from the said City of Lichfield, to High Bridges in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield.

6. An Act for making good the Loss occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer, in the Year 1724

7. An Act for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

8. An Act to discharge the Trustees appointed by an Act of the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign (for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others) of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees.

9. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act made in the ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco stripped from the Stalk or Stem.

10. An Act for making the Hamlet of Spittle Fields, in the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish; for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish.

11. An Act for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex.

12. An Act for the more effectual repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

13. An Act for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

14. An Act for making more effectual the Acts passed for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the watch house in Edmunton, to the marketplace in Enfield.

15. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers or Tilemakers, within fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles.

16. An Act to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice: and for defraying of some Expenses in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

17. An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof.

18. An Act to ascertain the Custom payable for Corn and Grain imported; for better ascertaining the Price and Quantity of Corn and Grain, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

19. An Act for regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway and Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester in the County of Kent.

20. An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

21. An Act for the Trial of Murders, in Cases where either the Stroke or Death only happens within that Part of Great Britain called England.

22. An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

23. An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors.

24. An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

25. An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes or other Securities, for Payment of Money.

26. An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed relating to Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen.

27. An Act to enable his Majesty to be Regent of this Kingdom, during his Majesty's Absence, without taking the Oaths.

28. An Act to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of Foreign Brandy, and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several Acts for preventing Frauds in the Customs; Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity; for making perpetual an Act: therein mentioned, for suppressing of Piracy; for enabling Persons prosecuted upon the Capias, in relation to the running of Goods, to defend in Forma Pauperis; for more effectual debarring of unlawful Games; for licensing Retailers of Brandy, and other distilled Liquors, and for better Regulation of Licences for common Inns and Ale-houses.

29. An Act to empower his Majesty to visit the Collegiate Church of Manchester, during such time as the Wardenship of the said Church is or shall be held in commendam with the Bishopric of Chester.

30. An Act for making the Hamlet of Wapping Stepney, in the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

31. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; as also for the Repeal of so much of an Act passed 30 Car. 2. as relates to the sworn Servants of the King's or Queen's Majesty.

32. An Act to empower his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during the Life of Thomas Bambridge Esq; to grant the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit; and to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other whatsoever.

33. An Act for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties that may arise from an Act passed in the firs Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the Crown; and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entred, remain undetermined.

34. An Act for establishing an Agreement with seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty.

35. An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards and Bowsprights, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

36. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 2 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to naturalise Peter Frere Brotherson.

2. An Act for exemplifying the several Wills and Codicils of James late Earl of Anglesey, and John late Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

3. An Act to enable Thomas Scawen Esq; and others, to make Leases of several Manors and Lands in Cornwall, according to the Custom of that County, and of the several Manors in which the same do lie.

4. An Act for naturalising Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, Stephen Teissier, Godfrey Schreve, and others.

5. An Act for naturalising John Jacob Dillenius, Bridget Pollard, and John Elout.

6. An Act for naturalising James Passano.

7. An Act for Sale of two undivided fourth Parts of the Manor and Lands of and in Steane, in the County of Northampton, the Inheritance of the Right Honourable the Lady Mary Grey and Jemima Campbell, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an entire Estate to be settled to the same Uses.

8. An Act for settling the Estates of John Earl of Grandison in the Kingdom of Ireland, and James Fitzgerald Villiers Esq; commonly called Lord Villiers, his Son and Heir Apparent, pursuant to an Agreement made before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of the said Lord Villiers with Jane his Wife.

9. An Act for selling Part of the settled Estate (lying in the County of Lancaster) of Richard Lord Viscount Molineux in the Kingdom of Ireland, for raising Money to discharge his Father's Incumbrances thereon, and likewise for making Provision for his Brothers and Sisters, and for the Payment of his own Debts, and for settling other Lands as an Equivalent for the same.

10. An Act to enable Henry Chaytor Gent. to limit a Jointure to a Wife, and to let Leases for twenty-one Years of his Estate at Croft in the County of York.

11. An Act to enable Robert Cotsworth Esq; to sell Part of an Estate held by Lease of the Bishop of Durham, for discharge of his Debts.

12. An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Henry Grey Esq; in the County of Southampton, and for settling other Estates of equal Value in the Counties of Berks and Wilts to the same Uses.

13. An Act to vest several Messuages, Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Stoke Canon, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Bamfyld Rodd Esq; deceased.

14. An Act for vesting in Thomas Lamplugh, Clerk, and his Heirs, the Rectory of Felkirk in the County of York, being Leasehold for three Lives, comprised in his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Fee Simple Lands and Tenements in Potto, in the same County, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting in Trustees the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, the Estate of Henry Perrot, Esq; in Trust for him and his Heirs, free from the Charges of his Marriage Settlement, on his settling other Estates of greater Value to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

16. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Walter Radcliffe, Esq; in the Counties of Devon and Somerset, and for settling other Lands of equal Value, in the said County of Devon, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

17. An Act for vesting all the Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Tipperary in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Godfrey Boate, Esq; (late one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, in that Kingdom) deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for other purposes.

---

18. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Carter, Esq; in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and to settle other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincoln, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

19. An Act for enclosing Part of a Common called Barnet Common, belonging to the Manor of Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for vesting a certain annual Rent Charge in Trustees for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chipping Barnet for ever.

20. An Act for vesting the Advowson of the Vicarage of Brafferton, in the County of York, in his Majesty, in exchange for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Bishopthorp, in the same County, thereby vested in the Archbishop of York.

21. An Act to enable William Greyham, Son of John Greyham late Alderman of Drogheda, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of several Parts of his Estate in the Counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the better Improvement thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common called Eldfdon Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland.

23. An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Edmund Warneford, Esq; and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

24. An Act to enable kin.ard de la Bear, Esq, Committee of the Estate of Thomas Ridler, Esq; a Lunatick, to sell and dispose of Part of the personal Estate of the said lunatick, for the Payment of his Debts.

25. An Act for enclosing /iilham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

26. An Act to enable James Moore, and his Issue* male, to take the Surname of Smythe, according to the Will of William Smythe, Esq; deceased, and for vesting in Trustees, two thousand three hundred and sixteen Pounds sixteen Shillings and ten Pence, South-Sea Annuities, Part of the Estate of the said William Smythe, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for confirming the Enclosure and Division of the common Fields and common Grounds within the Parish of Thurnfcoe in the County of York.

28. An Act for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, divisions and Enclosures of Lands in the Parish of Wick riffington in the County of Ghucejhr; and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and bis successors in lieu of Tithes, pursuant to Agreements between Vincent Oakley, Esq; deceased; and the other Proprietors of the said Lands.

---

29. An Act to enable Humfrey Wyrley Birch, Esq; and his Heirs, and Issue male, to take and use the Surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement made on the Marriage of Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humfrey Wyrley, Esq; deceased.

30. An Act to enable Arthur Geoghegan, alias Stafford, Esq; to take upon him the Surname of Stafford only.

31. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An Act for naturalising John Jullian and Isaac Panchaud.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnae Britanniae, Franciae & Hiberniae, primo.

'AT the Parliament met at Westminster the first Day of August, Ann. Dom. one thousand seven hundred, and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE by the Grace of God, of Great Britain., France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. on Occasion of the Demise of her late Majesty Queen ANNE (of Blessed Memory) in pursuance of the Act of the sixth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, (a) and by Adjournments continued until the twenty-fifth Day of the same Month.'

(a) The following Words are added from the Inroilment.*

CAP. I.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

---

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty, Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Anne (of Blessed Memory,) entitled, Ani Ann. Stat. i. Ail for the better Support of her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, it was C 7. (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Rates and Duties of Excise, upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which had been granted to his late Majesty King Charles the Second (of Blessed Memory) by an nc r. z. 0.13 Act made in the twelfth Year of his p.eign, entitled, A Grant of certain Impositians upon Beer, Ale, and, other Liquors, for the litre case of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life, and which were granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of Blessed Memory) by an Act made in the second Year of vv, m. their Reign, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them (a certain Duty of sixpence for every Scfl; 1. C 3. Barrel of Vinegar beer, granted by the same Acts, excepted) and also a Duty of sixpence, Part of a Duty of eight Shillings, which was granted to his said late Majesty King William, for and upon every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar beer, or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, which should be brewed or made of any English Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever for Sale, a: id foin proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity, by an Act: made in the tenth Year of his Reign: Arid likewise the further Subsidy of'10 & n w. 3. Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon wines, Goods and Merchandizes, which had been gran to his said late Majesty King William for his Life, by an Act made in the ninth Year of his Reign, in 'g & 10 V 3, tituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, towards raising theq 23 yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's hot fold, and aether Uf: s therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, should be levied, collected, and pajd to her said late Majesty Queen'

Anne, for and during the Term of her natural Life: And in and by the said act of the first Year of^Ann. Stat. 1, the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, it was enacted and declared, That the ficreditary Rates C 7. and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, and the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and aether Liquors, granted to her Majesty by the said Act: of the first Year of her Reign, for her Life (subject: nevertheless to the Encumbrances in that Act mentioned) and the Moneys arising by the said further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties thereby granted, 'and the.

Revenue arising in the General Letter office, or Postoffice, or Office of Postmaster General, and the For the aprll small Branches of her Majesty's pv.evenues, therein particularly described or mentioned, should be for the'11-0" of the Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, as by the said Act Surplas sr.sing of the first Year oi her said late majesty's Reign (Relation being thereunto had) maj more fully appear: L' 'o V 1 ' VOL. V B ' Now Stat. n. c.'ii.

25. and

6 C i. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. i. A.D. 1714.

7 Geo. 1. flat.!. ' Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deftrous to settle on your Majesty a competent Revenue for defraying the Expences o

your majesty's Civil Government, and better supporting the Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, du ring your Life (which God long preserve) and as a Testimony of our unfeigned afreslion to your Sa 4 cred Person, by whole peaceable and happy Accession to the Throne (after the Loss of our late rnofl Gracious Sovereign Lady) your majesty's Subjects are not only delivered from the Fear of their Ene

but have a prospest (Which they are bound to own with Thankfulness to Almighty God) I hat the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of this Realm will be continued, 'and that they your said subjects, and their Posterity may, through his Divine Goodness, enjoy a long Tranquillity undef your majesty's auspicious. Reign, have therefore freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant, and do by this Act give and grant to you our moll Gracious Sovereign Lord King George, the several Rates, Duties, Impositions.

and Charges herein after mentioned, during your majesty's Life; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted, C

Car. C zy During the Life of his Majesty, the Excise granted to King Charles the Second shall be paid to king t4 George. The further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, granted by the at of the ninth of King jo sc Aw! i. "William, shall during the Life of King George, be paid to his Majesty. These said Duties, and the re C 11. 'J 44 venue of the Poll office, and the small Branches of his Majesty's Revenues, viz. Fines for Writs of

9 &10w. 3. 44 Covenant, and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation office, the Poll fines, the Revenue of the CP' C "Wine licences, Sheriffs Profers and Compositions in the Exchequer, Seizures of uncustomed and pro

1 nn, stat. i. hibited Goods, his Majesty's Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases, and all other Revenues settled for

A 3 Ann. 44 the Support of her late majesty's Household, dec. (except the Duty of four and an Half percent, in C 3. 44 Barbados and the Leeward Ifands, and except the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, and except the

iz &13 V 3. "First fruits and Tenths of the clergyj shall be for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the

2 z Ario C "Honour and Dignity of Bis Crown, i he weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds charged

3 Ann. C 2. 3 "upon the Excise shall be taken out of the said Duties of Excise granted to King George. Nothing in

9 Ann. C 10. 44 this Act shall hinder the Payment of the weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds out of the Poll office.

9 Ann. C 23. "The Sum of thirty-five thousand Pounds, payable out of the Excise, granted during the Term of thirty

two Years, shall be charged upon the said Duties of Excise, granted to King George. EXP.'

for the Hanover*

VIII. And whereas by an act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, entitled, An AW Troops, i2 Ann A for laying additional Duties on Scpe' and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Gallicoes and Stuff's, and Stat. 2. C. g. 4 upon Starch, and upon exported Coals, and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for raffing one Million four hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, for her Majesty's Supply, and for Allowances on export ing made Wares of Leather, Sheepskins and Lamb skins; and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds, due to the Officers and Seamen for gun money; and to adjust the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries, and

touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South sea Company; and for appropriating the Moneys granted to her majesty, any Sum not exceeding in the whole three hundred thousand bounds is appropri ated towards satisfying the Debt due on Account to the Land forces, and to the Out pensioners; ia

which said Debt due on Account to the Land forcer, the Sum of sixty five thousand twenty-two Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence, being the Arrears of Pay and Extraordinaries due to the 'I roops of Hanover for their Service in the Lew countries, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, is included; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, there lhr.ll and may be ift ued and applied the Sum of sixty five thousand twenty-two Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence, for and towards the satisfying and discharging the said Arrears of Pay and Extraordinaries due to the said Troops, as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas our late Gracious Sovereign Queen Anne, of Blessed Memory, being fully convinced of the imminent Dangers which threatened her Kingdoms, and the Protestant Suceession in the House of Hanover, as well as from a just Resentment of the indignities offered to her Majesty by the pretender's 4 remaining in Lorrain, in Defiance of her repeated Inllances for his Removal, and of the treasonable Practices committed by enlisting her Majesty's subjects in the Service of the Pretender, was pleased to issue her Royal Proclamation, thereby promising a Reward of five thousand Pounds to such Person who should

apprehend the Pretender: And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, did by

their humble Address allure her Majesty, that they would aliift her by granting out of the first Aids to be given by Parliament the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, as a further Encouragement and Reward for apprehending the Pretender whenever he should land, or attempt to land, in any of her late Majesty's Dominions; now to the End that the Encouragement and Reward for a Service so important may be rendered sure and efreslual, ' Be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Trea

nmissioners of the Treasury for the Time b

Reward for raking the Pretender

By i Geo. I. ft. a. C 13. §. 28.

Air Adherent who fciz.e him e entitled, to f (

their Pardon, and(urer of Great Britain, or Commissioners

ft the Reward lat wife.

being shall, and are hereby aut thorized and required, out of any Moneys granted, or to be granted by Parliament for the Use of the publick, forthwith to iilue and pay the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall seize and secure the Person of the Pretender, whenever he shall land or attempt to land, in any of his Majesty's Dominions.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii p egis. Stat. i,

C 2*

CAP. II.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the land-tax for the Year *1714*. and for raising so much as is wanting to make up the Sum of fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by a Lottery for the public Service in the said Year.

TI AND whereas by an Act made in the said Parliament held at ifcjlmvisler in the twelfth Year of 12 arn. stats. £\. Reign of our said late Sovereign Lady Queen Anne, for laying additional Duties on Sope andc. 1.

Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, callicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch, and exported Coals, Scc 6 Gco

and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for raising one Million and four hundred thousand r^jt;, tlsann

Pounds by way of a Lottery, (amongst other Things therein contained) it was enacted, That yearly s'rat.

and every Year, during the Term of two and thirty Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from thebeing the Uot twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the full Sum of one hundred l*fy AQ>7«4» C and five thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to aiife by the additional or new Duties thereby"; " 10 C!°' u

C granted, should be a yearly Fund for paying and answering certain principal Sums, amounting in thee' 5'

whole to one Million eight hundred seventy six thousand and four hundred Pounds, with filtered for the same, after the Rate of lour Pounds per Centum per Annum, as is therein mentioned, and (in case of any Deficiencies) that the said yearly Fund (hold he made good as was thereby prescribed: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful, for any Person or Persons, Natives of

Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the said Sum of one s Million four hundred thousand Pounds, the Sum of ten Pounds, or dhers entire Sums of ten Pounds,

upon the said Act, for which he, she, or they should be entitled to receive by virtue of that Act, such principal Money and the Interest thereof, to be paid as is therein mentioned, by and out of the said yearly Fund; which Sums of ten Pounds each were thereby appointed to be paid unto the respective Recei vers on or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions after mentioned; that is to say, one fourth Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thou find seven hundred and fourteen, one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the tenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the eleventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and the remaining fourth

Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fourteen land that no Money (hold be received from any Contributor or Adventurer, for the first: Payment towards this Adventure, after the said tenth Day of Aitguji one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, as by the same Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: And whereas since the making the Act laid

before recited, several Contributions have been made thereupon, amounting in the whole to five hundred and seven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, or thereabouts, Part whereof hath been actually paid

or answered to the said Receivers, and the residue of the Contributions so made is to be paid or answered within the Days or Times before appointed in that Behalf: And whereas for raising so much as is wanting to complete the full Sum of one Million four hundred thousand Pounds before mentioned, it '4 is found necessary, that the Time for receiving the Contributions for that Purpose be prolonged, and that some further Encouragement and Security be given to the Contributors thereofnow his maje fly's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech his Majesty, That it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, the full Sum of one hundred and' sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings (in lieu of the aforesaid yearly Fund pun 1c J r, ? of one hundred and five thousand Pounds) to arise by or out Of the Moneys arising by the said additional orscc 2 Geo. 2. new Duties on Sope and Paper, and upon the said Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch, C 3: and exported Coals, and upon ffampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by the said last recited Act granted, Made perpetual aftd to be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the same fit a, 11 extend thereunto, ^shall be computed and reckoned to be the yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exche s'ec 2 ' Geo. 2. ejuer for the said Rates, Duties and Sums of Money so granted, shall not amount to the Sum of one huiw. 3. dred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings peer Annum, then the mor.ies fortunate T; C so arising, so far. as the fime shall extend, shall be Baste of the same yearly Fund, towards the answering keb and baying off' all and every the said principal Sums meiitione djn the said Act, amounting in the whole to^e'r ann.blinks

M

5 4l. percent.

per Ann. BI

one million eight hundred seventy six thousand four hundred Pounds, together with Interest for the same, VI per Ceat after the respective Rates herein after, mentioned; that is to say, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum" per Annum for so much thereof as shall be contained in the fortunate Tickets, to be drawn pursuant to that and this present Act, or either of them, and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for so much of the Lid principal Sums as shall be contained in the other Tickets (commonly called Blank.

Tickets.) to be drawn pursuant to the same Acts, or either of them, until the Satisfaction thereof respectively; yet so as that the Interest of such principal Sums, as shall be paid off', shall cease from the rdp tive Times of paying off the same: And incase the said Duties, pates, and Sums of Money by the said last recited Act granted shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer.

4 C 2. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. i. A.D. 1714.

quer, for or upon Account of the same Duties, shall not amount to so much as one hundred and sixteen Deficiency to be thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings, That then and so often, and in every such made good out Case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said Fund or Sum of one hundred and sixtern thousand ofmnnpioptia pivs hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings, for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and ed j ionies, macje g00 j f, om Time to Time, out of any the public Moneys which shall come or be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer (not having been appropriated ro any particular Use or uls by any Act or Acts of Parliament made before the said ait recited Act;,) and all the public unappropriated Moneys so coming into the said Receipt next after the Time that any such Deficiency shall appear, are hereby appropriated to and for the making good of every such Deficiency respectively, until the same shall be fully made good and satisfied; the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby fii idtly enjoined and required, from Time to Time, to make up such Deficiency accordingly out of such public Money, without any further or other Warrant or Authority for the same; and that such public Money shall not be diverted, misapplied, or issued to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, until the said Deficiency for every such Year respectively, shall be lb satisfied, under the like Penalties as are prescribed by the said last recited Act for diverting or inifapplying any other Moneys thereby appropriated; anything in the said recited Actor any other Act of Parliament whatsoever contained to the contrary l0utd°f t, le notwithstanding; and in Default of such public Moneys for making good any such Deficiency or defi tv Parliament ciencies, as aforesaid, within six Months after the lame shall happen, then and so often, and in every such Case, it is hereby declared, that so much as shall still be wanting to make up the said Fund of one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, out of the first Aid or Supply which shall afterwards be granted in Parliament, and shall from Time to Time be transferred thereunto, when the same shall be granted, without further Delay.

V

"It shall be lawful for any Persons to contribute so much as (together with the Contributions already "made) will complete the said Sum of one Million four hundred thousand Pounds, by paying Sums "of ten Pounds before the tenth of November one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. Tickets shall "made forth and drawn, for the Moneys contributed on this Act, and the said recited Act, and all "Things shall be done as prescribed by the said recited Act. Tickets to be paid in course, and half yearly. EXP."

Every Box of gre-n Staich,

57 Inches in Length, and to in Breadth, and 8 in Depth, or 4 560 solid Inches, to be charged atl 3 lib. of Starch,

12 Anil. Stat. 2. C. 9.

Concerning Dufies on Starch, see farther 3g.1. C 4.4g. 2. c. 14. All Duties of Excif. and Cu jstoms, payable to the Lite Queen after the Unton for Life, continued tolheking during Life,

Continuation of several Acts,

See 1 Geo. if. a e, 12, f 14.

VI. And whereas in the said last recited Act it was enacted and declared, That if the Charge on Starch be made by gauging the said Starch before it be dried in the Stove, then and in every such Case, every £ Box of green Starch, or Starch before it be so dried, containing fifty seven Inches in Length, and ten Inches in Breadth, should, from the Lcond Day of augu.jl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be esteemed one hundred and thirty-one Averdupois Pounds Weight of Starch dried and perfectly made, and 6 should be charged accordingly, and proportionably for greater or lesser Quantities; And wherea; the Depth of such Box of green Starch, or Starch before it be dried, which should have been eight Inches,

and ten Inches in Breadth, and eight Inches in Depth, or in the whole four thoulr.dfive hundred and sixty solid Inches, shall be esteemed one hundred thirty-one Averdupois Pounds Weight of Starch dried and per made, and shall be charged accordingly, and proportionably for greater or lesser Quantities.

VII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for avoiding any Doubt or Question concerning the Grant in this Session of Parliament to his Majesty of certain Duties of Excise and Customs for his Life, for Support of his Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the same doth and shall extend to such Duties of Excise, and such Customs and Duties on Import and Export, as were payable to her said late Majesty after the Union of the two Kingdoms, for and during her Life, and had Continuance till the Time of her Decease; that the same shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid in the several Parts of the United Kingdom, during his Majesty's Life, in the same Manner only as they were payable to her Majesty during her Life.

VIII. And whereas there are diverse Laws now in Force which will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, and probably there may not be sufficient Time for a particular Examination and due consideration how far any of them may be fit to be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Laws now in Force, and which would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, shall be and continue in full Force to all Intents and Purposes, unto the End of the next Session of Parliament; anything contained in any of the said Laws to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act to enable Persons now residing in Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices and Employments in Ireland.

EXP.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis, Stat. 2.

C Is 2.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magna: Britannia:, Francis: & Hibernia:, primo.

AT Parliament begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini

one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender

die Y

second Y

y'ith, ca) And by several Adjournments continued till the twenty: fear of his Majesty's Reign, being the first Session of this present Parlia:

sixth Day of June in the' (ft Thcfcl

1 wi

Parliament.

lowing Words are added from the Inrollment,

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

, is. in the Pound.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, and Lottery tickets, lost, burnt, or destroyed; for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for making forth new Orders in lieu of certain Lottery orders obliterated or defeflive, and for continuing certain Duties on Hops, until the first Day of Augitjl one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

I. MOST Gracious Sovereign, We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons offor the Appnpri. j VI Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma anon of Momy a jesty's public Expenses, have freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty thz>"ftngbythhaa, Rates, Duties, and Impositions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that p1' it may be enacted: And be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Milt Aa

Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Pickets, lost, burnt, or defrayed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lottery acts; and to punish the Counterfeiting or Forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp-duties on ciflomary Estates which pajs by Deed and Copy, were granted to her Majesty's or chargeable in manner therein mentioned, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and which by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, entitled. An act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, i2 Ann, V z, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for the Encouragement of the distilling C 3.

Brandy from malted Corn and Cyder; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets,

lost, burnt, or destroyed; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank f England, and others, to lend

+Money upon south-sea Stock, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be further continued in like manner, and shall be, and are by this Act charged, for and upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the three and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and before the four and twentieth Day of Jan: which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen 3 and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his Duties to be

Heirs and successors, during the Term aforesaid, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such raised as by

Rules and Directions, and with such Allowances and Repayments, 'and under such Penalties and rorfei form« Ash.

+and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, and in such Manner and Form, in all respects, as are prescribed, mentioned and expressed in the said former Acts, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the said Duties, or any of them; and that the same Acts formerly made and passed, and the said other Acts thereby referred unto, as to, for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing, in them, and every or any of them contained, or thereby referred to, and now being in Force, shall be of full Force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, securing and

accounting for the same Ratgs, Duties and Impositions hereby granted or continued, and for levying and

2

'Duty to be paid within four Months after; Sntry,

nmalted Grain mixed with Malt, forfeits sa Bushel.

'malfterobftrbff ii*g Officer, forfeits jol.

Fifces, Arc. how lo be levied.

[General Issue.]

Conarmng maty see farther f Geo. I. C 3* 6 Geo. I. C 21.9 Geo. l. c. 3. iz Geo. I. C 4. 13 Geos. C 7* z Geo. 2. c. 1. 8 Geo.

ici, 35 Geo. PA C L zo Geo.

C 2. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations or Allowances, and all other Matters and Things, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully, as if the same were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act.

E This Act to relate to the same Day and Time as the former Act, A Register to be kept, for transferring 6t the principal Sums, e. due on the Malt Act 1713, to the Register of this Act. Clause of Loan at 4l.

(i percent. Money lent not to be taxed. Orders for Payment assignable

And whereas by the aforesaid Acts it is enacted, That every Malfler, or other Maker of Malt,

shall, within three Months after he shall make or ought to have made such Entry of the said Malt, as therein is directed, pay and clear off all the Duties which shall be due from him or thepi respectively \

is hereby further enacted, That the i ime limited by the aforesaid Act for the Payment of the said Duty, be prolonged for one Month after the said three Months from the Time of such Entry.

"Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills and Lottery Tickets, lost, burnt or destroyed "

"for enlarging the Time for adjulfing Claims in several Lotteries. Clause for making forth new

Orders in lieu of obliterated or defective Orders in the Classis Lottery 17x1.'

XIII. And whereas it has lately been discovered, that great Quantities of unmalted Corn or Grain have fraudulently been mixed with and amongst Malt, which hath or ought to have been charged with the 5 Duties by several Acts of Parliament set and imposed upon all Malt made in Great Britain, and that such Mixture hath afterwards been either sold in the Kingdom of Great Britain, or hath been hipped off for Exportation, and the Person or Persons by whom, or for or upon whose Account the same hath been.

's so hipped off, hath or have thereupon claimed and had the Drawback and Bounty in proportion to the whole Quantity of such Mixture so shipped off, as if the same had totally and entirely consisted of Malt,

5 for which the Duty had been duly paid or charged, whereas in truth great Part thereof hath at such Time and Times consisted either of unmalted Corn, or Grain for which the Duty on Malt had never s been paid or duly charged, whereby her late Majesty Queen Anne, and his present Majesty hath been very much defrauded in the Duty granted upon Malt, and the Persons who have bought such Mixture,

have by the Means aforesaid been very much deceived and imposed upon For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale or Exportation, or other Seller of or Dealer in Malt for Sale or Exportation, at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall or do, with Malt made of any Sort of Corn or Grain whatsoever, fraudulently mix or cause to be mixed any unmalted Corn or Grain, or shall sell, or offer to sell, or expose to Sale any such Mixture, or shall ship off, or put on board, or eause to be hipped off, of to be put on board, or shall offer or attempt to ship off or put on board any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Boat, or other navigable Vessel, any such Mixture, in order to export the same, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Seller of or Dealer in Malt, for every Bushel of such Mixture so sold or offered to be sold, or exposed to Sale, or so shipped off or put on board, or offered, or attempted to be hipped off, or put on board any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Boat, or other navigable Vessel, in order to the Exportation thereof, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, hall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of june one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, prevent, obstruct orhinder any Officer or Officers of Excite, in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given to him or them by this Act, or by the said recited act.or Acts, or any or either of then, fof the ascertaining and securing the said Duties hereby or by the said recited Act or Acts, or any or either of them, granted, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act'imposed, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, is or may he recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Sedfion, Court of Judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, or his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall discover, inform or sue for the same,

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, or if any Person or Persons new is, or hereafter shall be sued or prosecuted for any Matter or Thing by him or them done in pursuance of any form. r aft or Acts for granting Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry; such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

2, C 5* 27 Geo. 2. c. 2, 33 Geo. z, C 3 & 7. an, !fee the annual M.J: asiu

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 3, 4. 7

XVII. And whereas by an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, inti dut cs cn tuled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops, z Duty of threepence for every Pound Weight averdupoiz^fffdcgf is laid upon all Hops, which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of four Years, to be continued till reckoned from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall be imported or brought i Aug. 1715.

into the Kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, anu Duties imposed Made p'rpttl, al upon or payable for the same) and for and upon all Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which by 1 cc<vast at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of four Years, shall be cured and made fit for Use, C 2"' 4 5'

the Sum of one Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupoiz, and after that Rate for a greater or letter

Quantity j which Act is thought convenient to be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and every Clause, Article, Matter, and Thing therein contained, Farther prn ifi.

sit all continue and be of Force from the thirty first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand fc

ven hundred and fifteen, until the first Day of august in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein particularly and 6 CIC. 21!

at large repeated and xe enacted / C

37 /. 6,

(lohhb is made perpetual by 31 Co. C J 7 Co. Z. c. 19.

---

CAP. III.

An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty's Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act to explain the Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better Securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

'WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William the Third,

[12 & 13 W. 3. c. 2.]

intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, it is amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the Time that the further Limitation of the Crown by that Act should take Effect, no Person born out of the Kingdoms of England, Scotland, or Ireland, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, although he be naturalised or made a Denizen, except such as are born of English Parents, should be capable to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to enjoy any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself or to any others in Trust for him: And whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning the Construction of the said Law;' Be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Person naturalized before his Majsty's Accession to the Crown incapacitated to be a Privy Counsellor, or a Member of Parliament, or to have any Office of Trust, Grant of Lands, &c.]

That it was not the Intent and Meaning of the Accession of said Act, that the said Clause, or anything therein contained, should extend, nor shall the said Clause be construed, adjudged, or taken to extend to disable or incapacitate any Person, who at or before his Majesty's Accession to the Crown was naturalised, to be of the Privy-Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take or enjoy any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or to take or have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself, or any other in Trust for him.

[No person shall hereafter be naturalized, unless in the Bill there be such a disabling Clause inserted.]

'II. And for the better preserving the said recited Clause in the said Act of the twelfth Year of the late King William the Third, entire and inviolable;' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall hereafter be naturalised, unless in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose there be a Clause or particular Words inserted to declare, that such Person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself, or any other Person in Trust for him;

[Nor shall any Bill be received in either House of Parliament without such Clause.]

and that no Bill of Naturalisation shall hereafter be received in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Words be first inserted or contained therein.

8 Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

CAP. V.

An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters.

---

13 H. 4. c. 7.

2 H. 5. C 8, ft. 2. C 9.

8 H. 6. C 14.

0 H. 7. C 13. H.H. PC.

Vol. 2. 197.

Twelve Persons or more, unlawfully assembled, after the last of July 1715, and not dispersing a'ter command ed byoncjustice, C by Proclamation,

hdll be adjudged Felons without Benefit ofckrgy.

Hew the Proclamation shall be made.

The Proclamation,

Justices, C to resort to the Place.

Persons so assembled and nnt dispersing withir an Hour, to be seized.

And if they make Refinance the Persons killing them See. to be in damnified.

WHEREAS of late many rebellious Riots and Tumults have been in diverse Parts of this kingdom, to the disturbance of the public Peace, and the endangering of his Majesty's Person and Government, and th: same are yet continued and some nted by Persons disaffected to his Majesty, presuming so to do, for that the Punishments provided by the Laws now in being are not adequate to such heinous Offences; and by such Rioters his Majesty and his Administration have been moll maliciously and falsely traduced, with an Intent to raise Divisions, and to alienate the Affections of the People from his Majesty: Therefore for the preventing and suppressing of such Riots and Tumults, and for the

more speedy and effectual punishing the Offenders therein Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Persons to the Number of twelve or more, being unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together, to the disturbance of the Public Peace, at any Time after the last Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and being required or commanded by any one or more Justice of Justices of the Peace, or by the Sheriff of the County, or his under sheriff, or by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other head officer, or Justice of the Peace of any City or town corporate, where such Assembly shall be, by Proclamation to be made in the King's Name, in the Form herein after directed, to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business, shall, to the Number of twelve or more (notwithstanding such Proclamation made) unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously remain or continue together by the Space of one Hour after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, that then such continuing together to the Number of twelve or more, after such Command or Request made by. Proclamation, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Order and Form of the Proclamations that shall be made by the Authority of this at, shall be as hereafter followeth (that is to say) the Justice of the Peace, or other Person authorised by this act to make the said Proclamation shall, among the said Rioters, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud Voice command, or cause to be commanded Silence to be, while Proclamation is making, and after that, shall openly and with loud Voice make or cause to be made Proclamation in these Words, or like in Effect:

C (f*"\tjr Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons, being assembled, immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business, C upon the Pains contained in the at made in the first Year of King George, for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies.

God save the King.'

And every such Justice and Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, under sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, and other head officer, aforesaid, within the Limits of their respective jurisdictions, are hereby authorised, impow ered and required, on Notice or Knowledge of any Inch unlawful, riotous and tumultuous Assembly, to resort to the Place where such unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous Assemblies shall be, of Persons to the Number of twelve or more, and there to make or cause to be made Proclamation in Manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Persons so unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled, or twelve or more.of them after Proclamation made in Manner aforesaid, shall continue together and not disperse themselves within one Hour, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for every Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, or under sheriff of the County where such Assembly shall be, and also to and for every High or petty constable, and other peace officer within such County, and also to and for every Mayor, Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, Bailiff, and other head officer, High or petty constable, and other peace officer of any City or town corporate where such Aiiembiy shall be, and to and for such other Person and Persons as fhrdl be commanded to be assisting unto any such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, or under sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, or other head officer aforesaid (who are hereby authorised and empowered to command all his Majesty's Subjects of Age and Ability to be assisting to them therein) to seize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to seize and apprehend such Persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously continuing together after Proclamation made, as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the Persons so apprehended before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such their Offences according to Law; and that if the Persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled, or any of them, mail happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the dispersing, seizing or appre

'hending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, by reason of their refilling the Persons so dispersing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, that then every such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, under sheriff. Mayor, Bailiff, head officer, High or petty constable,

9

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 5.

or other peace officer, anj all and singular Persons, being aiding and assisting to them, or any of them, shall be free, discharged and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting of any such Person or Persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled, that shall happen to be so killed, maimed or hurt, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons unlawfully, riotously and Pulling down tumultuously assembled together, to the Disturbance of the public Peace, shall unlawfully, and with: c*'>'church Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down any Church or Chapel, or any Building

for religious Worship certified and registered according to the Statute made in the feld Year of the Reign ck 'ry. of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majflics Protestant Subi w, ill. jeils disjhilhig from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws, or any dwelling house, Barn, Sess. i. C si. Stable, or other out house, that then every such demolishing, or pulling down, or beginning to demolish, or pull down, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, apd the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Oppofin.', C^or shall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly, oppose, obstruct, or in any manner wilfully

and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt any Person or Persons that shall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, i. clo', y'w!thour according to the Proclamation hereby directed to be made, whereby such Proclamation shall not be made, bencfitofclcicj that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering or hurting such Person or Personsj so beginning or going to make such Proclamation, as aforesaid, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that also every such Person or Persons so being unlawfully, riotously and and Person: so tumultuously assembled, to the Number of twelve, as aforesaid, or more, to whbm Proclamation should assen bloj, if tno or ought to have been made if the same had not been hindered, as aforesaid, shall likewise, in case they or any of them, to the Number of twelve or more, shall continue together, and not disperse themselves neveuheiefsv, within one Hour after such Let or Hindrance so made, having Knowledge of such Let or Hindrance fer asfelons. so made, shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the said Taft Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, any such Church or Chapel, or any such Building for religious wor f hjp, or any such dwelling house, Barn, Stable, or other out house, Dial] be demolished or pulled down wholly, or in Part, by any Persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled, that then, in case h0w the da such Church, Chapel, Building for religious Worship, dwelling house, Barn, Stable or out house, shall mages shall belie out of any City or Town, that is either a County of itself, or is not within any Hundred, that thenmad£e°0<1'if the Inhabitants of the Hundred in which such Damage shall be done, shall be liable to yield Damages to ^7dcmcliked&c* the Person or Persons injured and damnified by such demolishing or pulling down wholly or in Part; and&c

such Damages shall and may be recovered by Action to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, (wherein no Essoin, Protection, or wager of Law, or any Imparlance shall be allowed) by the Person or Persons damnified thereby, against any two or more of the Inhabitants of such' Hundred, such Action for Damages to any Church or Chapel to be brought in the Name of the Rector, Vicar or Curate of such Church or Chapel that shall be so damnified, in fruit for applying the Damages' to be recovered in rebuilding or repairing such Church or Chapel; and that Judgement being given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, the Damages so to be recovered shall, at the Request of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his or their Executors or Administrators, be raised and levied on the Inhabitants of such'

Hundred, and paid to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, as are provided by the Statute made in the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of queen [.a'/i 27 eliz: C 13.] Elizabeth, for reimbursing the Person or Persons on whom any Money recovered against any Hundred by any Party robbed, shall be levied: And in case any such Church, Chapel, Building for religious Worship, dwelling house, Barn, Stable, or out house so damnified, ball be in any City or Town thetis' either a County of itself, or is not within any Hundred, that then such Damages shall and may be recovered by Action to be brought in Manner aforesaid (wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or any Imparlance shall be allowed) against two or more Inhabitants of such City or Town; and Judgement being given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, the Damages so to be recovered shall, at the Request of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his or their Executors or Administrators, made to the justices of the Peace of such City or Town, at any Qirarter sessions to be held for the said City or Town, be raised and levied on the Inhabitants of such City or Town, and paid to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, as are provided by the said Statute made in the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of ijtieen Elizabeth, for reimbursing the Person or Persons on whom any Money recovered against any Hundred by any Party robbed, shall be levied.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be openly read at every Tim A to be

Quarter sessions, and at every Leet or law day. Ru; 'r'

VIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act, for anykofccotlon

Offence or offences_committed contrary to the same, unless such Prosecution be commenced within twelvevithin twelve Months after the Offence committed. _ Months.

[Sheriffs, &c. in Scotland

any have in England.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs and their Deputies, Stewarts and their Deputies, Bailies of Regalities. and their Deputies, Magistrates of Royal Boroughs, and all Power

other inferior Judges and Magistrates, and also all High and petty constables, or other peace officers o£a'jxces°&c.r

10 C. 6. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

any County, Stewartry, City, or Town, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have the same Powers and Authority for putting this present at in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the

Peace and other Magistrates aforesaid, respectively have by virtue of this Act, within and for the other perfolitoff nd arts °fthis kingdom; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time be convicted of any ing in Scotland! the Offences aforementioned j within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, sit all for every such Offence Damages of any incur and suffer the Pain of Death, and Confiscation of Movables: And also that all Prosecutions for

Church, & C repairing the Damages of any Church or Chapel, or any Building for religious Worship, or any Dwelling.

h°uf"e> Earn, Stable, or out house, which shall be demolished or pulled down in whole or in part, within to be°recov eicd" Scotland., by any Persons unlawfully, riotoully or tumultuously assembled, shall and may be recovered by sum and of whom/fnar Action, at the Instance of the Party aggrieved, his or her Heirs, or Executors, against the County, Stewartry, City or Borough respectively, where such Disorders shall happen, the Magistrates being summoned in the ordinary Form, and the several Counties and Stewartries called by edidal Citation at the market cross of the head borough of such County or Stewartry respectively, and that in general, without mentioning their Names and Delignations.

---

[To what Places in Scotland this Act shall extend.]

X. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall extend to all Places for religious Worship, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which are tolerated by Law, and where his Majesty King George, the Prince and Princess of Wales and their Issue are prayed for in express Words.

CAP. VI.

An Act for making perpetual an Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act in relation to the Payment of Tithes and Church Rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration.

WHEREAS an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of his late Majesties Reign,

[7 & 8 W. 3. c. 34.]

intituled, An Act that the Solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was made to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which Act would have expired at the End of the next Session of parliament after the two and twentieth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two; which Session began the ninth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, and ended the third Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four; but by another Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign,

[13 & 14 W. 3. c. 4.]

---

The Act 7 Sr 8 W. 3. made perpetual.

8 Geo. X C 6.

Clause for the Recovery of t'ithes, C from Quakers,

r & s w. .3. a 3

intituled, An Act for continuing aft al, entitled, An A that the Solemn Affirmation and De ' duration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was continued for the Term of eleven Years after the Determination of the said Act, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said several Acts will Expire at the.end of the next Session of Parliament after the third Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifteen: Now for the further

avoiding of the Inconveniences in the said first recited Act mentioned, to the People called Quakers, and their Families, ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, and all the Clauses and Powers therein contained, shall continue and be in Force for ever, as to all Oaths by Law required, or hereafter to be required, other than and except as in the said first recited Act is excepted.

II. And whereas by the said Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, a Remedy is provided for the Recovery of Tithes and church rates, where any Quaker should refuse to pay the same: ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Remedy shall be and is hereby extended, and the like Remedy shall and may be had and used against any Quaker or Quakers for the recovering of any Tithes or Rates, or any customary or other Rights, Dues or Payments belonging to any. Church or Chapel, which of Right by Law and Custom ought to be paid for the Stipend or Maintenance of any Minister, or Curate officiating in any Church or Chapel; and any two or more Justices of the Peace of the same County or Place, other than such Justice of the peace as is Patron of any such Church or Chapel, or any ways interested in the said Tithes, upon Complaint of any Parson, Vicar, Curate, Farmer, or Proprietor of such Tithes, or any church warden or chapel warden, or other Person who ought to have, receive or collect any such Tithes, Rates, Dues or Payments, as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to summon in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, by reasonable Warning, such Quaker or Quakers, against whom such Complaint shall be made, and after his or their Appearance, or upon Default of Appearance, the said Warning or Summons being proved before them upon Oath to proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and to make such Order therein, as in the said Act is limited or directed; also to order such Costs and Charges, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding ten Shillings, as upon the Merits of the Cause shall appear just; which Ordershall and may be so executed, and on such Appeal may be reversed or affirmed by the General quarter sessions of the County: r Place, with such Costs and Remedy for the same, and shall not be removed into any other Court, ur.leys

ft

11

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 7, 8.

the Titles of such Tithes, Dues or Payments, shall be in Question, in like Manner as in and by the same Act is limited and provided.

III. And whereas several Disputes have arisen concerning the Effect of the Abjuration to betaken by Concernin' the the People called Quakers, upon their Solemn Affirmation, as directed by an Act of Parliament made in soiemnaifirma.

the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign: Now for preventing the like Inconveniences for the future, 'by^niscr^in111 Be it enacted by the Authority affiresaid, That in all Cases wherever the Effectof the said Abjuration Oath (teaciof the ab may be legally tendred, or required of the said People called Quakers, or any of them, he or they shall take juration Oaii. the effect thereof in the following Words (that is to say,) 6 Anne. z,

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, tefiify and declare, in the Presence of Almighty The Affirma 4 X God, the Witness of the Truth of what I say. That King George is lawful and rightful King of this1'0"'

Realm, and of all other his Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do solemnly and sin

declare, That 1 do believe the Person pretended to be the Prince of Wales, during the Life of the

late King James, and since his Decease, pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of the King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of King of Great Britain, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, nor any other the Dominions thereunto belonging; and I do renounce and refuse any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do solemnly promise, I hat I will be true and faithful, and

bear true Allegiance to King George, and to him will be faithful against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown or Dignity. And I will do my best Endeavour to disclose and make known to King George, and his Successors, all Treasons and traite rous Conspiracies which I shall know to be made, against him, or any of them. And I will be true and faithful to the Succession of the Crown against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as

the same is and stands settled by an Act, entitled, An ai declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, 'Jft* i and settling the Succession of the Grown, to the late Queen Anne, and the Heirs of her Body, being Pro 1'2' C 2'

testants; and as the same, by one other Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, 1*i3w>3»

and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and stands settled, and intailed, after the C 2'

Decease of the said late Queen, and for Default of Issue of the said late Queen, to the late Princess Sophia,

Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge, promise and declare, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evafton or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Renunciation and promise heartily, willingly and truly.'

IV. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Affirmations to be made by the people.^to called Quakers, shall be extended to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for ever, and to the Planta .^ to extend tiuns belonging to the Crown of Great Britain for five Years, and to the End of the next Session of P 2r to Scotland sot ]ia: nent after the said five Years, and no longer. ever, and to

the Plantations.,

for five Years, and thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament. Concerning Quakers, see farther 8 Geo. ift C 6. 12 Geo. 2. r. 13. 22 Geo. 2. c. 46*.

---

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third.

'WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made in the first year of the reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne,

[1 Anne, Stat. 1. c. 29.]

intituled, An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third, the Persons hereafter named (that is to say) Robert Blackburn, John Bernardi, Robert Cassels, Robert Meldrum, and James Chambers, then Prisoners in Newgate for a detestable traitorous Conspiracy to assassinate the Royal Person of his said late Majesty, were to be detained and kept in Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, during her said late majesty's Pleasure, and will now be set at large, unless some further Provision be made for the Continuance of their Imprisonment for the said Offence:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Robert Blackburn, &c. to be kept in Prison during his Majesty's Pleasure.]

That the said Robert Blackburn, John Bernardi, Robert Cassels, Robert Meldrum, and James Chambers, shall be detained and kept in Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, during His Majesty's pleasure.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

EXP.

12 C. 9, 10. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion, by enforcing and making more effectual an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty's Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces and their Quarters.

[1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 3.]

---

"Every Person in his Majesty's Service in the Army, who, after August i, 1715, and before March 25, Q 3* ".1716, shall mutiny or deleft, shall suffer Death; or such Punishment as a court-martial shall inflict "

"King may grant Commissions to assemble court-martial. Such Courts to consist of 13 Com "The President to be a field officer, C field officers not to be tried by any under captains. Such Court may administer Oaths. Officers or Soldiers not exempted from Process of Law. Not to extend to the Militia. Every Officer present in a court-martial, where any Offence may be pu "with Death, shall be sworn. Nine Officers to concur in every Sentence of Death. Proceeding "eight in the Morning ard one in the Afternoon. Acquittal or Conviction shall be a Bar to an "Indictment. Persons prof cuted, C may plead the General issue, C The King may make Articles 1 Geo 1. Stat, "for the better Government of his Forces. No Soldier to be discharged by virtue of 1 Geo. 1. c. 3. with X C 3.. "out giving three Months Notice to his Colonel. The King may quarter his Forces in such Places subject to the quartering of Soldiers, as he shall think iit, during the Continuance of this Act. EXP."

CAP. X

An Act for making more effectual her late majesty's Gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy.

a H.

17.

27 H. S. C S. 32 //. S. C 22.

2 Of 3 Ed. 6.

20.

7 Ed. 6. C 4. r El. C 4. z Ann. C 11.

5 Ann. C 24.

6 Ann. c.'i'j.

WHEREAS it is necessary for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, in order to the more regular making proper Augmentations, to be informed, as exactly as may be, of the clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of all such Parsons, Vicars, Curates and Ministers, officiating in any Church or Chapel within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the Liturgy, and Rites of the Church of England, as now by Law established, are or shall be used and observed, whose Maintenance is intended to be augmented Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this pi efent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the respective Bishops of thebishopstha3leygry Diocese, and the Guardians of the Spiritualites fede vacante, shall be and are hereby empowered and fdvesof that" required, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, and as may belt serve the Purposes of the said yearly Value of Bounty to the poor Clergy, as well by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses (which they, or others everj Benefice, commissioned by them under their Hands and Seals, are hereby empowered to administer) as by all other law fulways and Means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly Value of every Benefice with Cure

of Souls, Living and Curacy, and of the true and clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of every Parson, Vicar, Curate', and Minister, officiating in any such Churches or Chapels, as aforesaid, within their several Dioceses, or within any Peculiars or Places of exempt Jurisdiction within the Bounds and Limits of their respective Dioceses, or adjoining and contiguous thereunto, although the same be exempt from the jurisdiction of any Bishop in other Cases, and how such yearly Values arise, with the other Circumstances thereof, and the same, or such of them whereof they shall have fully informed themselves, from Time to Time, with all convenient Speed, to certify under their respective Hands and Seals or Seals of their respective Offices, to the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, fox the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, for their better Information in the premifies.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where by Certificates duly returned into her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, pursuant to an Act made in the Parliament held in the fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, entitled, An Aid for dischargtv.g fatal I Livings from their first fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof, and one other Add made in the sixth Year of the Reign

6 Ann, C 27. of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act t enlarge the Time for returnhig the Certificates of all Ecclesiastical final) ascertain Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of fifty Pounds: As alfts for discharging all Livings of that Value from the the \ alue of payment of first fruiis; and for ailotving Time to Archbishops and Bishops, and other Dignitaries for' Payment of their first fruits, or either of them, or made goodbye this Act, the yearly Value of any Linings, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of fifty Pounds, are particularly and duly expressed and specified, such Certificates shall ascertain the vcarly Values of such Livings, in order to their being augmented by the said Governors, and no neve or different Valuation thereof shall be returned to the said Governors by virtue of this present Act.

III. And whereas by her late majesty's Letters Patent under her Great Seal, bearing Date the third day of November in the third Year of her Reign, incorporating the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, the said Governors were authorised to consider, consult, advise, agree upon, draw up, prepare and propose in Writing to her said Majesty, Hher Heirs and Successors, such proper and necessary Rules, Methods, Directions, Orders and Conffi

tutions.

and certify the same to the Governors,

Certificates returned into the Exchequer by Virtue of 5 Ann. C 24. and

Livings not exceeding 501. per Ann.

All Rules, Methods, C agreed on by the Governors, and proposed to his Majesty, and

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 10.

tutions, as the said Governors, or any seven or more of them, with such Quorum as is therein diicfted, appro' cdu^der should in their Discretions judge moil convenient, to be observed, for and towards the better Ride nd, 15 S'E" Mln "*

Government of the said Corporation, and the Members thereof, and the receiving, accounting for, and3' 11 CVI managing ah and every the Revenues thereby granted, or mentioned to be granted, and all Arrears thereof, and also for and concerning the distributing, paying, and disposing of the same, and all other Gifts

and Benevolences that should or might be given or bequeathed to the said Corporation for the charitable 1 Ends in the said Letters Patent mentioned, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy aforesaid; such Rules, Methods, Orders, Directions and Constitutions, as should be so propos.d,

and should be approved, altered or amended by her said late Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and such as should be made by her said Majesty. her Heirs and Successors', and so signified and declared by her,

her Pleirs or Successors, under her or their Great Seal, her said late Majesty thereby 'willed should be the Rules, Methods, Directions, Orders and Confutations, by which the Governors of the Bounty of "4 Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy and their Succ tors, should

manage, govern, apply and dispose her said late majesty's Royal Bounty, and other Gifts and

Benevolences which should dr might after that Time be given or bequeathed to the said Corporation 4 (where the Donors thereof should not particularly direct the Application thereof) to and for the fncrease of the Maintenance of such Parsons, Vicars, Curates and Ministers officiating in any Church or Chapel within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tiered, where the LI 4 turgy and Rites of the Church of England, as then by Law established were and should be used and observed, for whom a Maintenance was not then sufficiently provided: And whereas pursuant to the said

Letters Patent of Incorporation, the said Governors did agree upon, prepare, and propose to her said

late Majesty, certain Rules and Constitutions for the better Rule and Government of the said Corporation, and her said late Majesty, by Letters Patent under her Great Seal, hearing Date the fifth Day of March in the twelfth Year of her Reign, did establish the said Rules and consti.utions, reserving toher self, her Heirs and Successors, Power, from Time to Time, under her or their Great Seal, to alter the same, and to give and make in like manner such other Rules and Constitutions, according to the true In 4 tention of the said Letters Patent of Incorporation, as to her said Majesty, her Heirs or Successors shouh seem meet: And whereas a more expeditious and easy Method of making and altering the Rules and

Constitutions, for the better Rule and Government of the said Corporation, may tend to the Advance ment of the said Charity; ' Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules Methods, Orders, Directions and Constitutions, as hall, from Time to Time, be by the said Governors agreed upon, prepared and proposed to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the true Intention of the said Letters Patent of Incorporation, and by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, approved under his or their Sign Manual, shall be as good, valid and effectual Rules, Methods, Directions,

Orders and Constitutions, for the Purposes aforesaid, as if the same were made or established under the Great Seal of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And whereas her said late majesty's Royal Bounty to the poor Clergy was intended to extend, not only to Parsons and Vicars who come in by Presentation or Collation, Institution, and Induction, but likewise to such Ministers who come in by Donation, or are only Stipendiary Preachers or Curates, officiating in any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the Church of England, is now by Law established, are and shall be used and observed, most of which are not Corporations, nor have a legal Succession, and therefore are incapable of taking a Grant or Conveyance of such perpetual Augmentation as is agreeable to her said late majesty's Gracious Intentions, and in many Places it would be in the Power of the impropriator. Donor, Parson, or Vicar, to withdraw the Allowance now or heretofore paid to the Curate or Minister serving the Cure, or in case of a Chapelry, the Incumbent of the Mother church might refuse to employ a Curate, or permit a Minister duly nominated or licensed to officiate in such augmented Chapel, and might officiate there himself, and take the Benefit of the Augmentation, though his living be above the Value of those which are intended to be first augmented; and the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister would thus be sunk instead of being augmented Be it therefore enacted by the AH avgtnsntrs Authority aforesaid, That all such Churches, Curacies, or Chapels, which shall at any ime hereafter be Churches. C augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of aj Be" rferu' the poor Clergy, shall be, and are hereby declared and established to be, from the Time of such Augmentations, perpetual Cures and Benefices, and the Ministers duly nominated and licensed thereunto, and their and the Minr successors respectively, shall be, and be esteemed in Law, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and shall have 'fers Bo

perpetual Succession by such Name and Names as in the Grant of such Augmentation shall he mentioned, dlcs and shall have a legal Capacity, and are hereby enabled to take, in Perpetuity, to them and their Succef 3^ flnubver. fors, all such Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, as shall be granted unto or purchased for p^ed: o 'A

them respectively by the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Main laiit^ C U '

tenance of the poor Clergy, or other Persons contributing with the said Governors as Benefactors; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: that the Impropriators or Patrons of any augmented Impropriators, Churches or Donatives, for the Time being, and their Heirs, and the Rectors and Vicars of the Mother churches where to, any such augmented Curacy or Chapel doth appertain, and their Successors, shall be and the^' are hereby utterly excluded from having or receiving, direbcly or indirectly, any Profit or Benefit by such retto. s, C Augmentation, and shall from Time to Time, and at all Times, from and after such Augmentation, pay of the Mother, and allow to the Ministers officiating in any such augmented Church and Chapel respectively, such annu eh "rchfs' re al and other Pensions, Salaries, and Allowances, which by ancient c.iftom, or otherwise, of Right, and not of Bounty, ought to be by them respectively paid and allowed., and which they might, by due Course or

such Augmentation, and hail allow the usual Pensions, C to the Ministers officiating.

No Rectors, CC of Mother churches to be Uncharged from Cure of Souls.

Augmented Cure; remaining vo; d n X Month?, shall lapse to the ill.'nc p, SC.

If Persons inti tli'd to nominate j'oher a Lapse, but nominate before Ad van tage taken, Rich Nomination Tull be good.

All Agreements with Benefactors touching the Patronage of augmented Cures, shall be good in Law 5

and the Advowson, C shall be veiled in such "ernc/actors.

Agreements of Guardians shall hind Infants, 3rc.

Agreement by a Parson shall be with. Consent of his Patron,

C 10. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Law, before the making of this AG, have been compelled to pay or allow to the respective Ministers officiating the re, and such other yearly Sum or Allowance as shall be agreed upon (if any shall be) between the said Governors and such Patron or Impropriator, upon making the Augmentation, and the same are and shall be hereby perfectly vested in the Ministers officiating in such augmented Church or Chapel respective ly, and their respective successors.

V. Provided always, That no such regor or Vicar of such Mother church, or any other ecclesiafli ca! Person or Persons, having Cure of Souls, within the Parish or Place where such augmented Church or Chapel shall be situate, or his or their successors, shall hereby be divefled or discharged from the same; but the Cure of Souls, with all other Parochial Rights and Duties, (such Augmentation and Allowances to the augmented Church or Chapel, as aforesaid, only excepted) shall hereafter be and remain in the same State, Plight and Manner as before the making of this AG, and as if this AG hath not been made.

VI. And for continuing the Succession in such augmented Cures, hereby made perpetual Cures and Benefices, and that the same may be duly and constantly served Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such augmented Cures be suffered to remain void by the Space of six Months, without any Nomination within that Time of a fit Person to serve the same (by the Person or Persons having the Right of Nomination thereunto) to the Bishop or other Ordinary, within that Time, to be licensed for that Purpose, the same shall lapse to the Bishop or other Ordinary, and from him to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown, according to the Course of Law used in Cases of presentative Livings and Benefices, and the Right of Nomination to such augmented Cure may be granted or recovered, and the Incumbency thereof may and shall cease and be determined, in like manner, and by the like Methods, as the Presentation to, or Incumbency in any Vicarage Presentative may be now respectively granted, recovered, or determined.

VII. Provided always, That in case the Person or Persons entitled to nominate in such augmented Cure shall, suffer Lapse to incur, but shall nominate before any Advantage taken thereof by the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or Crown, respectively, that such nomination shall be as eftegual as if made within six Months, although so much Time be before elapsed, as that the Title of Lapse be vested in the Crown.

VIII. And in as much as by the said Rules established by her said late Majesty, under her Great Seal, for the Management of the aforesaid Royal Bounty, her said late Majesty was pleased to manifest her e gracious Intentions to invite private Contributions towards augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by ordering, amongst other Things, That to encourage benefactions from others, and thereby e the sooner to complete the Good that was intended by her said late majesty's Bounty, the said Governors e may give the Sum of two hundred Pounds (which is the flated Sum allowed to each Cure which shall be augmented) to Cures not exceeding thirty-five Pounds per Annum, where any Person or Persons will give the same or greater Sum or Value in Lands or Tithes: And in as much as the Right of presenta e tion, or Nomination to small Livings, is of inconsiderable Value, and yet it may be a great induce ment to such benefactions, if the benefactors may have some Right of Presentation or Nomination to the Cure which himself contributes to augmentbe it therefore further enacted, That all Agreements with such benefactor and benefactors, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Governors, touching the Patronage or Right of Presentation or Nomination to any such augmented Cure, made or to be made for the Benefit of such benefactor and benefactors, his, her, or their Heirs or successors, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and successors, under his and their Sign Manual, or by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or by any Person or Persons being of the full Age of twenty-one Years, having an Estate of Inheritance either in fee simp!e, or fee tail, in their own Right, or in the Right of their Churches, or Wives, or jointly with their Wives', made before Coverture, or after, or having an Estate for Life, or for Years determinable upon his and their own Life and Lives, with Remainder in fee simple or fee tail to any Issue of his or their own Bodies, in such Patronage, or Right of Presentation, or Nomination, in possession, Reversion or Remainder, shall be respectively good and effectual in the Law against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, or against all and every such Bodies Politic and Corporate, or against the Persons so agreeing, their Wives, Heirs, and successors respectively, and every of them, and against all and every their Blue, and against every other Person and Persons claiming in Remainder and Reversion after such estate tail, as aforesaid, according to the Form of such Agreement; and the advowson. Patronage, and Right of Presentation and Nomination to such augmented Churches and Chapels, shall be vested in such benefactors, their Heirs and successors, as against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, or the said Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their successors, or the said respective Persons, as aforesaid, as fully, and in like Manner and Form, as if the same had been granted by his said Majesty, his Heirs or successors, under his and their Great Seal, and as if such Bodies Politic or Corporate had been free from any Restraint, and as if such other Persons so agreeing had been foie seized in his and their own Right of such Advowson, Patronage, Right of Presentation and Nomination, in fee simple, and had granted the same to such benefactors, their Heirs and successors respectively, according to such Agreements.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Agreements of Guardians for and on Behalf of Infants or Idiots under their Guardianship, shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Infants or Idiots had been of full Age, and of sound Mind, and had themselves entered into such Agreements.

X. Provided always, That in case of any such Agreement, as aforesaid, by any Parson or Vicar, the same shall be with the Consent and Approbation of his Patron and Ordinary.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 10. 15

XI. Provided also, That in case of any such Agreement, as aforesaid, made by any Person seized in^bei e tl.c wife Right of his Wife, the Wife shall be a Party to the Agreement, and shall leal and execute the same. so ti c'vt c

XII. And in as much as such Benefactors are to be considered, in some Degree, as Founders and Part, t '

Irons of Churches; ' Be it further enacted, That such Agreements so made, as aforesaid, shall be as ef such ae ie feclual for the supplying Cures vacant at the Time of such Augmentation made or proposed, as for thenyn' be Advowson or Nomination to future Vacancies. L 1 f" P'

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, with ihel^'y' v3c4nl Concurrence of the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenanee riic Eitst; set of the poor Clergy, and the Incumbent, Patron, and Ordinary of any augmented Living or Cure, to: icd fra; g; exchange all, or any Part of the Estate settled for the Augmentation thereof, for any other Estate in lands!rcn>ali>n nur or Tithes, of equal or greater Value, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Donatives which are nowaugtner.ud exempt from all ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and shall be augmented by virtue of the Powers given by this, ^n3c1'esl, L at, shall be subject to the Visitation and Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Diocese wherein such donativej

is, to all Intents and Purposes of Law whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, That no Donative shall be augmented without the Consent of the Patron or Patrons in Writing, under his or their Hands and Seals first had and obtained.

XVI. Provided also, That where It shall fall to the Lot of any Donative, Curacy, or Chapelry, toa^a'scankalt" receive an Augmentation from the said Bounty, according to the Rules already established, or hereafer

r' 1 r '*Governors of the Bounty of Queen annethe. Governors

Mo Donative

a jf.1r.2nrm

without the

to. be established, it shall and may he lawful

the Governors may refuse such Augmentation.

(as the Case shall happen to be) for a perpetual yearly, or other Payment or Allowance to the Minister criowance to the Curate of such augmented Donative, Curacy, or Chapelry, and his Successors, to be made in all succeed minuter ofihcli ing Times by such Patron, Impropriator, Parson or Vicar, and his and their Herrs and Successors, andautg "1ci'^ D" for charging and subjecting the impropriate reelory, or the Mother church, or Vicarage therewith, and nat've' C thereunto, in such Manner, and with such Remedies as shall be thought lit; and such Agreements made and such agree with the King's moil; Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and successors, under his or their Sign Manual, crnynts ^all DE with any bodies Politic or Corporate, or any other Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest, ine&c " Poirdnon, Reversion, or Remainder, in any such impropriate Rectory in his or their own Right, or in Right of his or their Churches or Wives, or with the Guardian or Guardians of any Person or Persons having such Estate or Interest, or with any Parson or Vicar of any Mother church, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes with respect to such Charges, as Agreements made with his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, or with the same Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, touching the Patronage or Right of Presentation or Nomination to the same Cures, touching which such Agreements shall be respectively made; and in case such Impropriator, other than the King's Majesty, his Heirs and And if such im successors, and such Parson or Vicar, will riot or shall nor make such Agreement with the said governorsp^f^ot (other of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy; It shall and ^nv'ar're". may be lawful to and for the said Governors to refuse such Augmentation, and to apply the money arifingti1 Irom the late queen's said Bounty, which ought to have been miployed therein, for augmenting some others Cure, according to the Rules then in Force.

XVII. And whereas the before mentioned Acts of Parliament, of the fifth and sixth Years of theth'1*certificate 6 Reign of her said late Majesty, were, for the Diocese of Chichester, not executed in due Time, and for the dqeie in many Diocefcs not with that exact Certainty of the yearly Values and Distinction of Medieticsj., C in the Certificates, as regularly ought to have been; and some small Prebends in Cathedral Churches i7os. and re were, by reason of their being Dignities, omitted in some Certificates, although they have the Cureniaiinn^ in the of Souls thereto annexed, and are therefore Livings with Cure of Souls within the Words and Meaning Exchequer, shall of the said Acts: For supplying the Defcdts in the Execution of the said former Acts of Parliament; 'Beb^it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Certificate for the Diocese of Chichester, dated the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight, which was received in the Court of Time. Exchequer at Westminster, and is now remaining the re, shall be as effedhtal, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been sealed and returned into the said Court Of Exchequer, within the Times limited 'by the said respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; and also that all and every the Churches,

Vicarages and Livings, in and by the said certificate, or in and by the certificiites made and returned i; i due Time, or any of them, certified to be under fifty pounds per Annum, and each mediety therein, shall be entitled to, and have the Benefit of the said respective Discharges by the said several Acts of Parliament, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the preciie yearly Value had been expressed, and the Medieties distinguished in such Certificate and certificates: And further, that it: shall and may be lawful to and for ani the Gosc. the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor.101, 3 nl8)' C "tty Clergy, under their common Seal, to be affixed at a Court of the said Governors, and under the Hands or ^thrpre the Governors then present, to certify into the Court of Exchequer the Names of such Prebends in cathe her ds Jmkr the dral Churches, under the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, the Prebendaries whereof have the immediate' Cure yt. rly Value of of Souls of the respective Parishes whereof such Prebends are denominated, although the same were not5c though not named in any former Certificate; and such Certificate and Certificates of the said Governors, beingje1'^ returned into the said' Court of Exchequer, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes of the said two

cat

before ani such Cem

Acates shall be effcsaal.

Livings not certified, which the Bishops may certify before March 25, 1716.

16 C. 10. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

before mentioned Acts of Parliament, as if the Prebends therein named had been duly, certified within the Times in the said Acts limited, and by the Persons, and in the Manner therein directed.

XVIII. And whereas notwithstanding the utmost Diligence of the Bishops to inform themselves of, and certify into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, all the Livings in their respective Dioceses under the V clear improved yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in pursuance of the said Acts, the several Livings within the £ respective Dioceses hereafter named, though supposed to be under the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum, have either not been certified, or if certified, the Certificates of them have been lost, or not duly entree!, or by same other mistakes.it has so happened that the said Livings have not yet had the Benefit designed them by the said Acts; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful ir the Bishops of the said Dioceses, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

for

Tevea hundred and sixteen, to certify into the Court of Exchequer the Livings following, or such of them, as shall appear to the respective Bishops to be under the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum, (viz.) In the Diocese of York, the Rectory of Saint Michael apud Bant cm dc Ouke in the City of York, the Vicarage, of s/cipwith, the Vicarage of Kilbam, the Vicarage of North leverton. the Vicarage of Norwell Overhall: In the Diocese of Bangor, the Vicarage of Lanunda, the Vicarage of Llanfair Jfgaer, the Vicarage of Llanor, the Vicarage of Nevin, the Vicarage of Ahererch, the Vicarage of Conway, the Vicarage of Dwygyfylche: In the Diocese of Carlisle, the Rectory of Kirkbride, the rectory of Dufton, the Vicarage of Edenhall: In the Diocese of Chichester, the Vicarage of Sela, the Rectory of Be a tec Alarja in westout Lews, the Rectory of Chalton, the Rectory of jvinchelsey, the Vicarage of Bernehill: In the Diocese of Saint Davids, the Vicarage of Merchir alias Mathre, the V icarage of Saint ivinnock alias Saint Twinnells: In the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, the Vicarage of Hartington, the Vicarage of Saint mary's in Litchfield, the South Medicty of Darleigh, the Vicarage of Glossop: In the Diocese of Lincoln, the Rectory of Bellew alias Hellovi, the Vicarage of Eljlunn, the Rectory of Normanby, the Rectory of Snarford, the Vicarage of Buckingham, the Rediory of Okeney, the Vicarage of Mentmorc, the Vicarage of mijjcnden Magna, the Vicarage of swan burn: In the Diocese of Norwich, the Vicarage of south ivalfam, the Rectory of Framlinghams, the Vicarage of Burnham overy, the Vicarage of Seaming, the Vicarage of Nektons, the Vicarage of Melton Parva, the Rectory of Repbam Medietas & altera Medietas, the Vicarage of Thurjion, the Vicarage of Colkirke, the Rectory of Catfielas, the Vicarage of Henly, the Rectory of Newborn, the Rectory of Cuipljo, the Rectory of Dunwich Johannis, the Rediory of Pakcfields, the Rectory of Mel ford Longa, the Vicarage of Finborow Parva, the Rectory of tvillingham alias ellough, the Rectory of Bromefwell in ivilford: In the Diocese of Oxford, the Vicarage of Stanton Harcourt: In the Diocese of Peterborough, the Vicarage of Granjlty: In the diocese of ivinchejcr, the Vicarage of Shalford, and the Vicarage of Ellingham: And the said Livings so certified, Avail have the Benefit of the two fore mentioned Acts of Parliament, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been duly certified within the Time limited by the said Acts.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Courts and Committees of the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to administer an Oath to such Person and Persons as shall at any Time give them Information, or be examined of or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the Execution of this or the said former Acts of Parliament, or any way concerning the Trust in them reposed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Augmentations, Certificates, tions, C to be Agreements, and Exchanges hereafter to be made, by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be care entered, and the fully examined and entered in a Book to be provided and kept by the Governors for that Purpose, the said Entries to he. Entries being approved at a Court of the said Governors, and attested by the Governors then present, shall be taken to be, as Records, and the true Copies thereof, or of the said Entries, being proved by one or' more credible Witnesses, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be good and sufficient Evidence in Law;, touching the Matters contained therein, or relating thereto.

XXI. And to the End that Churches and Chapels may at all Times be capable of receiving Augmentations for the Maintenance of the Ministers thereof; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, shall by any Deed or Instrument in Writing under their common Seal, allot or apply to any Church or Chapel, any Lands, Tithes, or Hereditaments, arising from the said Bounty of her laid late Majesty, or" from private Contribution or Benefaction, or from all or^any the Ways aforesaid, shall declare, That the same shall be for ever annexed to such Church or Chapel, then such Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be held and enjoyed, and go in Succcftion with such Church and Chapel for such d*»d bin ever > such Augmentation so made shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, inroiled ia six whether such Church or Chapel, for which such Augmentation is intended, be then full or vacant of an Alonths, Incumbent or Minister; provided such Deed or Instrument be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, within six Months after the Day of the Date thereof.

and they Lai! have the Benefit of the acts of 5 An. C 24. and 6 An. C 27.

The Governors empowered to administer Oaths. Augmenta

jentries to be taken as Records 5 and attested Copies thereof shall be good Evidence in Law.

Lands, &c. allotted to any Church, &c. by Deed under the Governors Seal, shall go in Succession, C

---

[Vide 3 Geo. 1. cap. 10.]

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 11, 12. 17

CAP. XI.

An act to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, for drawing any Carriage with more than five Horses in Length.

WHEREAS in and by one Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of her late Majesty,

[6 Anne c. 29.]

intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills, It is among other Things enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eight, no travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, wherein any Burthens, Goods or Wares Should be carried or drawn, other than such Carts and Carriages as were or should be employed in or about Husbandry or Manuring of Land, and in carrying of Hay, Straw, Corn, Coal, Chalk, Timber for Shipping, Materials for Building, Stones of all Sorts, or such Ammunition or Artillery as should be for the Service of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, should at any one Time travel, be drawn, or go in any common or public Highway or Road, with above six Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, upon and under the Pains and Penalties, and subject to the Proviso therein mentioned: And whereas the excessive Weights or Loads laid upon Wagons or other Carriages drawn by six Horses, as aforesaid, are found by Experience to be so heavy and burdensome, that the Roads are thereby rendered almost impassable:' For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[After Sept. 30, 1715, no Waggon, &c. shall be drawn with above five Horses, &c. in Length, under the Penalties in the Acts 6 Anne c. 29. and 9 Anne c. 18.]

That from and after the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, no travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, wherein any Burthens, Goods and Wares shall be carried and drawn (other than and except as in the recited Act is excepted) shall at any one Time be drawn or go in any common or public Highway or Road with above live Horses, Oxen, or Beasts in Length, upon the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to the Provisoes in the said recited Act mentioned, or in an Act made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, to render more effectual the said recited Act of the sixth Year of her said majesty's Reign; the said recited Statute, or any Clause therein contained, or any other Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[The Exception in the said Acts shall not extend to threshed Corn or Coal. Farther Provisions relating hereto, 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 & 30. 28 Geo. 2. c. 17. 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.]

II. Provided, and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Exception in the said Acts, or either of them contained, or in any other Acts whatsoever, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the excepting the Carriage of threshed Com and Coal.

[Altered by 5 Geo. 1. c. 12. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29. 18 Geo. 2. c. 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43.]

CAP. XII.

An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer bills and for settling an additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for the Service of the Public, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that Building was carried on at the Expense of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

'I. MOST Gracious Sovereign;

[7 Anne c. 7.]

Whereas in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (of blessed Memory) for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, several Bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, were made forth, amounting in principal Money, to two Millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty's Supply;

[7 Anne c. 8.]

---

and in pursuance of another Act made in the said seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign 7 Ann, C S. _ C (Amongst other Things) for circulating a further Sum in Exchequer bills; and of certain Clauses contained in an Act of the eighth Year of her Reign in that Behalf, there were issued for her Majesty's Supply 8 Ann. C G 4 more such Bills, amounting to the further Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds in principal Money;

and pursuant to another Act made in the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign (amongli Ann. stat.i. 4 other Things) for circulating a further Sum in Exchequer bills, there were issued for her majesty's4*' "

Supply more such Bills, amounting, in principal Money, to twelve hundred thousand Pounds; and it was provided by the said Acts respectively. That all the said Bills Should bear an Interest after the Rato of twopence per Centura per Diem .(laving the said Interest upon such of the said Bills as Should at any Time or Times be in the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receiver or Collector of any Taxes, Aids, or Revenues payable to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, during such Time and Times respectively as such Bills should be or remain in the Exchequer, or in such Hands or Power, as

9 Ann,

7 Ann.

22 Ann. C II

7 Ann,

12 Ann, C u.

aforesaid) and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England should have an Allowance, after ( the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for circulating all the said Bills in the Manner by the said Acts respectively prescribed, abating the same Allowance proportionably as the Bills should be can 7' 4 ceiled: And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for better enabling

the said Governor and Company, and their successors, to exchange for ready Money, upon de rnand, any of the Bills made forth upon the said several Acts of the seventh and eighth Years of her said late majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That the full Sum of fortytfive thousand Pounds per Annum should be paid to and for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and their successors, by the several Ways and Means therein Specified, for and during such Time only as in that Act was expressed; and by the said Aci made in the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for better enabling the said gover nor and Company, and their successors, to circulate all Exchequer bills made forth and to be made forth on that and the former Acts, by exchanging the same, from Time to Time for ready Money, upon Demand, it was enacted, That the entire yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds (over and above" the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds) should be paid to and for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and their suei_eitors, by quarterly Payments; and that the said yearly Su n of eight thousand Pounds, together with the Rid yearly Sum. of fortytfive thousand Pounds, should continue and be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, until such Time as no more than nineteen hundred thousand Pounds of all the Bills issued and to be issued, in pursuance of that and the said former Acts (taken ail together) should be branding out uncancelled in the whole: And whereas for making good as well the said interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and the said^after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon all the Bills issued and to be s issued, as a for: said, as also the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, until the Subsidies, Duties, Surplus Moneys, Remains and Arrears, composing the general Fund and Security by the said former Acts, or foroe of them, intended to be established, of so many of them as should be sufficient for those Purposes, should have taken Effect; it was by the said several Acts of the seventh, eighth, and twelfth Years of her Paid late majesty's Reign, or some of then, enacted, That the Lord Treasurer, or three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Tims being, should make out, or cause to be made out other Exchequer bills, for so much as should be computed to be due at the respective Quarter days therein men.ioned (over and above what should "have been applied out of the Subsidies, Duties and Sums of Money aforesaid, for the said Interest, and for such Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

and for the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds respectively) and that such quarterly Bills should bear the like Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, and the said Governor and Company should have the like Allowance of three pounds w Centum per Annum, for circulating thereof: And whereas in

a 7- and by the said full mentioned Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, certain Duties' were granted, continued, or made payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors for ever, that is to say, the Duties called the two Thirds of a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage therein mentioned, which were to take Effect, and did take Effect by that Act, from the seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, certain Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa paste, Tea, Nut 6 megs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures, and Mullins, and certain increased Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and pictures, and certain further Rates or Duties upon all white Calicoes, Porcelan, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs, all which were to take Effect, and did take Effect by the Act last mentioned, from the twenty third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and one half of another Subsidy of Tonne nage and Poundage therein mentioned, which was to take Effect, and did take Effect by the same Act, from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and by the said Act of the Sut. 1. twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, all the said Duties so granted, continued, or made payable for ever, together with the Surplus which should from Time to Time arise of or from the other half of the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage last mentioned (over and above eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, formerly charged thereupon for Payment of Annuities) and diverse Arrears and other Sums of C 7. 4 Money or Revenues, more largely described in the said first mentioned Act of the seventh Year of her majesty's Reign, are made a general Fund or Security, and appropriated as well for satisfying and pay ing, from Time to Time, all the Moneys which Should be due or payable for Interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and for the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for all the Bills made out, or to be made out, upon the said Act of the twelfth Year, or any the former Acts before mentioned, and all the Moneys which should grow due upon the said yearly Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, as also for or towards raising such a yearly Sum as is after Stat. 1. mentioned, for paying off and cancelling all the said Bills: And by the said Act of the twelfth Year of her Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That after paying 'or reserving sufficient to pay, from Time to Time, so much as should be grown due, or demandable for the said Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, and Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, then the Moneys which should, from Time to Time, be grown due to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, upon their said other yearly Allowances of eight thousand Pounds, and fortyfive thousand Pounds from the respective Times therein mentioned, should quarterly be paid out of the Moneys arising by the said Duties and Revenues 5 4 and that after paying or reserving sufficient to pay so much as should, from Time to Time, be incurred and grown due, for and upon the said.interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and v.the said several Allowances after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, (which were always to be preferred in point of

riic

19

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Sint. 2. C 12.

Payment) the full and entire yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety nine Pounds seven Shillings (comprehending therein the yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds mentioned in the said former Acts, or some of them) or so much of the said yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine Pounds seven Shillings, as the Remainder of the said Fund Should from Time to Time produce for that Purpose, Should be, and is thereby appropriated for paying off all the Principal Money contained and to be contained in all and every the Exchequer bills,

made forth, and to be made forth, t>y or in pursuance of that and the said former Adds, or any of them, and for cancelling the same, until all the said Bills shall be discharged and cancelled: And by the same Act it was provided and enacted, That from and after the complete paying off and discharging all the Principal and Interest which Should be due on the said Exchequer bills issued and to be issued in puifu ance of that and the said other Acts, and cancelling all the same Bills, and full Satisfaction made of all Arrearages (if any should be then due) as well of the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as also of the said yearly Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, or either of them; then, and not till then, the several Subsidies, Duties and Revenues, settled or appropriated, as well for Payment of the said Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, and the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said yearly Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds and eight thousand Pounds, as also for raising the said yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine Pounds and seven Shillings, and every of them, Should be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and Should not be issued, paid or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, without the Authority of Parliament, as in and by the several acts above recited or mentioned (amongst diverse other Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained) relation being thereunto respectively had, may more fully appear: And whereas all the Bills which were issued upon the said several Acts (including the quarterly Bills before mentioned) did amount in the whole to four Millions six hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds and ten Shillings; and since the said Duties or Revenues have taken Efleet, as many of the Bills so issued, as amounted to one hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred eighty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, have been (pursuant to the said Act of the twelfth Year of her late majesty's Reign) paid off and cancelled, so that the Bills made 12 Ann, Stat. 1. 4 forth upon the said several Acts which are Handing out, or do remain uncancelled or undischarged, upon c' >'

the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, do amount to the Sum of four Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament afiem.jed, being justly sensible of the inestimable Blessings which your Subjects do enjoy under your majesty's auspicious Government, and the good Prospect of continuing those Blessings to your said Subjects, and their Post .4 rides, under your Majesty and your royal Offspring, are desirous that a sufficient Provision may be settled by the most easy and effectual Ways and Means, for enabling your Majesty to support the Dignity of the Crown, and to make an honourable Provision for your royal Family, and have therefore resolved,

that ttrre be granted to your Majesty, during your Life, (which God long preserve) an additional Re Additional Re 4 venue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, which together with the neat Produce of venue for the the Branches settled for Uses of your majesty's Civil Government by the late Act of Parliament in that Cu'il Gov "n'

Behalf, may make up the clear yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of your ment"

majesty's floulhold and Family, and other your necessary Expenses and Occasions: And your said Commons of Great Britain are also desirous, That a Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds may be raised (by the like easy and effectual Ways and Means) as Part of the necessary Supply by them granted for the Service of your majesty's Navy and Forces, and other your majesty's public Occasions: your majesty's said Commons finding, that upon enlarging or augmenting the said present Fund and Security of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by such additional 1 Revenues and Incomes as are herein after granted, continued and appropriated, and making such enlarged or augmented Fund and Security liable, in the first Place, to satisfy all Moneys which hall, from Time to Time be incurred and grown due, as well for and upon the said Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, as the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and in the next Place, to fatify all Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, be incurred and grown due for and upon the said other al i lowances of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, (the said Interest and several Allowances being always to be preferred in Payment, as afore (hid, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this and the said former Acts) they the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, are willing for accommodating your majesty's Affairs, that out of the Residue or Re 4 mainder of such enlarged or augmented Fund, the yearly Sum of one hundred anti twenty thousand 120.000l. pr Pounds, by quarterly Payments, shall and may be taken and applied for the Service of your majesty's Arm am to b

Houshold and Family, and other your necefliry Expenses and Occasions; and that after paying or: f

reserving sufficient to pay such Moneys as shall, from Time to Time be incurred and grown due, for ogiouiws* ic.

upon the said yearly Sum, of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, then the further yearly Sum of'

fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, by like quarterly Payments, shall and may be taken and applied out of the said Residue or Remainder of the said enlarged or augmented Fund, in order to raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for such public Services, as 910, 00c!. for aforesaid; that after paying or reserving sufficient to pay so much as shall, from Time to Time, be publickscivicst. 4 incurred and grown due for or upon the said yearly Sums of 011s hundred and twenty thousand Pounds,

and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, and either of them, out of the said Residue or Remainder of such enlarged or augmented Fund, then the abovesaid yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine Pounds and seven Shillings, or so much thereof as the said Residue or Remainder

Deficiencies, how ro be Sttade good.

See i Geo. i. Scat. 2. C 19. §1.

jrindfarther 7 Geo. 1. Stat. I. C 27,

The two Thirds Subsidy, the Duties on Coffee, C and the one Half subsidy 7 Ann. C 7. shall be Part of the general Fund for the Uses of this Act,

Duties on Wines and Merchandizes,

6 Aniife, C 11,

C 12. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

mainder of such enlarged or augmented Fund hall, from Time to Time, produce for that Purpose, shall < and may be appropriated for "paying off all the principal Money contained in all and every the said Exchequer bills remaining, and which shall from Time to Time remain uncancelled or undischarged, and for cancelling the same, until all the said Bills shall be cancelled and discharged. Provided always, That in case at any Time or Times there shall happen to be any Deficiency or Deficiencies to make good the Payments of the original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum of the said Governor and Company, specified in the said firfb mentioned Act of the seventh Year of her late majesty's Reign, and of their yearly Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, in the same Act specified, or either of them, then and so often, all and every such Deficieivry and Deficiencies shall and may, from Time to Time, be satisfied and made good out of the said Residue or Remainder of such enlarged or augmented Fund, as aforesaid, with Preference to any Issues thereafter to be made for cancelling any of the said Exchequer bills: Now for the making up, settling and establishing a good, fare and complete Fund, fufricient to answer all the Ends and Purposes 4 by. this Act intended, by making all the Payments which shall, from Time to Time, be incurred or grown due (in the Order and Course hereby prescribed) as well for and upon the said Interest, and several Allowances before mentioned, as for and upon the said yearly Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, and by making good such Deficiencies as shall or may happen, as aforesaid, and by producing a yearly Sum to be applied quarterly, for or towards the cancelling and discharging the said Bills; We your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aft embled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and declared A, nd be it enacted and declared by the King's raoll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and emporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat the aforesaid Duties, called the two Thirds of a sub fidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and the said Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures and Mullins, and the said increased Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and the said further Rates or Duties upon all white Calicoes, Porcelan, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs, and the aforesaid half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, which were all granted to her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever, by the said first mentioned Act of the seventh Year of her Reign, and the Excess or Surplus, which shall from Time to Time arise by the said other Moiety or half of the said Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, which was granted for the Term of ninety six Years, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and charged with eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Payment of Annuities, and all other Revenues, Remains and Arrears whatsoever, which by the said Act of the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign were appropriated for Payment of Interest and Allowances relating to the Exchequer bills, or towards cancelling the same, subject to such Redemption as was thereby prescribed, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken, and are hereby enacted and declared to be Part of the general Fund, and Security by this Act established and intended to be established, for all the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, and shall be subject to such Redemption as in this Act is prescribed, and not otherwise; the said former Acts or any of them, or any Clause, Matter or Thing in them, or any of them, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And to the End there may be no Failure or Defect in the said general Fund hereby intended to be established, his Majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, the several additional Revenues and Incomes herein after more particularly expressed, and do most humbly beseech his Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in Manner following, that is to say, Whereas by an Act of Parliament of the sixth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing one Half part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines. Goods, and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other jvoys and Aleans, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raying a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses therein expressed, it was enacted, That there should be raised and levied, for and upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, which at any Time or X imes, from and after the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, within or during the Term of ninety six Years, from thence next and immediately ensuing, should be imported or brought into Great Britain, one Moiety or Half part of the Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, or thereby referred to; (except as therein is excepted): Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to' his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for and upon all Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, which at any Time or times, from and after the Determination of the said Term of ninety six Years, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, the like Moiety or Half part of the like Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money (except as in and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in relation to the said Half subsidy, is excepted) and shall be collected, levied, and paid by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks and Allowances, and in such Manner and Form, as by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or any other Act relating thereunto, is prescribed, for raising and levying the said Half subsidy, during the Term aforesaid; and that all the Moneys which, after the Determination of the said Term of ninety six Years, shall arise, of or for the said Moiety or Half part of the said Subsidy and Duties hereby intended to be continued, and all the Arrears of the said Half subsidy which shall or may

21

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 12.

arise by virtue of the Grant thereof, during the Term aforesaid, after all the Annuities and Payments charged thereupon shall be fully paid off and determined, or Money fumcient shall be reserved for that Purpose (the necessary Charges of Management always excepted) shall be brought and paid, from Time to Time, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and subject to such Redemption as is hereby prescribed concerning the same.

III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late addiiior.sl D £ King William the Third (of glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty q "0°, " frqq additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandizes, certain additional Duties were laid on French y..'t Wines, Brandy, Vinegar, and other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of France, imported from and after the twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety six, for the Perm of one and twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties upon French Wines, Goods, perl'e: ua, and Merchandizes, imposed by the Act last mentioned, after the Determination of that Act, shall have Continuance and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors for ever, and fhr.il be collected, levied, and paid, by such Ways and Means, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the said additional Duties by the last Act mentioned, or by any other Act relating thereunto, are appointed to be raised or levied; and that all the Moneys which, from and after the Fcaft day of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arise of or for the said additional Duties upon French Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, by virtue of the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, or by virtue of this 7 w 3- C present Act, except the necessary Charges of raising and paying the same, shall be brought and paid, from Time to Time, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and subject to such Redemption as is hereby prescribed concerning the same.

IV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all the Moneys which, from and after Plantation dn the said Feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ties' fifteen, shall arise by the Duties which in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (of Hefted Memory) intituled, An Act for the 25 Car. 2. C 7. Encouragement of the Greenland and Eaflland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, were

granted to his Majesty, Iris Heirs and successors for ever, commonly called the Plantation Ditties (the necessary Charges of raising and paying the same excepted) shall also be brought and paid, from Time to Time, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and be liable to such.

Redemption as is herein after prescribed in that Behalf.

V. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties, which Duty on Hsni in and by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, 9 Anna, «. 12, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops, were imposed upon all Hops, which at any Time or Times " rttnuca for' within or during the Term of four Years, reckoned from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred '

and eleven, should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all Hops growing in Great Britain, which, at any Time or Times within or during the said term.of four Years, should be cured and made fit for Use (which Duties by an Act of the present Session of Parliament are continued until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen) shall be and are hereby, further continued, and shall be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors for ever, for and upon all Hops which, at any Time or Times from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all.

Hops growing and to grow in Great Britain, which, at any Time or Times after the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be cured and made fit for Use; the same Duties to be charged, ascertained, secured, collected, levied and paid, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and with such Drawbacks and Adlowances, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Duties on Hops by the two Acts last mentioned, or either of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, were enacted or directed to be charged, ascertained, secured, collected, levied and paid; and that all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters and Things contained in the said former Acts concerning Stops, or either of them, for securing, raising or levying the Duties on Hops thereby granted or continued, or for encouraging the Exportation of British Hops for Ireland, or for restraining the Use of bitter Ingredients instead of'

Hops, or touching or concerning Hops of foreign Growth, or otherwise relating to Hops, shall be and are hereby revived, and shall continue for ever in full Force and Vigour, for securing, raising, and levying the Duties upon Hops, hereby granted and continued, and for encouraging the Exportation of british Hops to Ireland, and for restraining the Use of bitter Ingredients instead of Hops, and for all other Purposes whatsoever in relation to Hops, as if the same Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

Provisoes, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present.

Act; and that all the Moneys which, from and after the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arise of or for the said Duty upon Hops hereby granted or continued (except the necefiaryv Charges of raising and paying the same) shall likewise be brought and paid, from Tune to Time, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes by this Act appointed, and subject to such Redemption as is by this Act prescribed in relation thereunto.

VI. And whereas by the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, entitled An Act j anns, C yz. 4 for laying a Duty upon Hops, it is therein (among aether Things) enacted, That no Person shall import, " or cause to be imported into Ireland from Flanders, or any other Parts whatsoever (other than from Great Britain) any Hops whatsoever; nevertheless great Quantities of Foreign Hops have been carried into Ireland,

and.

After to Sept. 3715, Matter of Ship carrying Hops to Ireland, to take a Duplicate of his Content from the Collector, C in England, to be delivered to the proper ocecer in Ireland on Oath, on Forfeiture of the Hops, and los. per lb.

Concerning Hops, Jes further 6 Geo. 1. c. 11./. 40. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21.

Ann. C 6.

5 Ann. C 19,

4. Ann. C 6.

5 Ann. C 19.

C. 12. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

and there landed from Flanders, or other Parts (other than from Great Britain) to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and Discouragement of the Trade of British Hops: For Prevention of the like

Abuses for the future Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the Master of every Ship or vessel, which shall carry any Hops whatsoever to Ireland, shall take from the Collector or Comptroller of the Port in Great Britain (where he shall lade any, Hops) a Duplicate of his Content in Writing of all the Hops taken or laden on board his Ship or Veiled, before he be permitted to sail out of the Port, under the Hand and Seal of such Collector or Comptroller of the said Port in Great Britain, which said Duplicate shall be delivered to the Master of every such Ship or Vessel, without Fee or Reward; and that every such Master of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver, 'upon Oath, such Duplicate to the Officer of the Customs in such Port in Ireland, where such Ship or vessel shall arrive, 'and intends to unlade, before he be permitted to land any Hops; and that in case any Hops shall be unladen or landed in any Part of Ireland, before such Duplicate is produced to the Officer, Collector,; or Comptroller', as aforesaid, all such Hops, and ten Shillings for every pound weight of the same, Arall be forfeited; one Adoiety to his Majesty, his Heirs aird Successors, the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons who shall seize or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, to be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no efl oin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or, any more than one Imparlance.

f 25. 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. /, 6. (which Is made perpetually 31 Geo. 2. c. 42^ 7 Geo. 2. 'c. 19.

VII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cynders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund there 4 by, and by other jvays and Alec, ns, for Payment of Annuities, to be foldfir raping a further Supply to her Ma 4 jiftyi for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein mentioned, a certain additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, commonly called the one third Subsidy, payable for and upon all Wines, Goods and Merchandizes imported, and thereby granted for the Term of ninety

Years, which commenced from the eighth Day of March in the Year, of our Lord one thousand

hundred and six, and the particular Rates and Duties of Excise thereby granted for the Term of ninety five Years, from the seventeenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, with other Moneys therein mentioned, are appropriated and made liable to the Payment of certain Annuities purchased thereupon, not exceeding one bundled eighty-four thousand two hundred forty-two Pounds four teen Shillings per Annum, for ninety-nine Years, reckoned from lady dav one thousand seven hundred and six, and payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Overplus Moneys which might arise yearly

upon that Act, were afterwards enabled to be julfly and duly computed at ladyday yearly, or within six

Days after: And by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Low tvines, and Spirits of the sir a Extraction, and the Duties

payable by Ilcnvkers, Pedlars, and petty chapmen, and Part of the Ditties on flamy t Vellum, Parchment, and

5 Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one Third Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raffing a further supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand Je 4 ven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed, certain Duties upon Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, thereby continued from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hun

and ten, for the Term of ninety six Years from thence next ensuing, and certain Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, petty chapmen, and others therein mentioned, and thereby continued for the like

Term of Years, and such of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and thereby continued for the Term of ninety six Years, which commenced from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred' and ten, and the Duties upon Sweets, thereby laid for the Term of ninety-nine Years, from the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six,

and the said Subsidy called the one Third Subsidy, by the same Act granted and continued for one whole Year, to commence from the Expiration of the said ninety-eight Years therein granted by the said former Act, and all the Overplus Moneys of the Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Moneys contained in the

6 said at of the fourth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay so much as Should be incurred or grown due upon the said Annuities, by virtue of that act, at or before every Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Miry respectively (the necessary Charges of pay ing and accounting for the same Annuities purchased thereupon being excepted) are appropriated and made liable to the Payment of certain Annuities purchased upon the said Act of the fifth Year of her said majesty's Reign, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seventy two thousand one hundred eighty

e seven Pounds ten Shillings per Annum for ninety-nine Years, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven, payable also at the said Receipt of Exchequer: And thereby it

was provided that if at the End of any Year of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, for which the said 6 Annuities upon the said Act of the fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign were to be purchased (the first Computation to be made at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and eight, or withiil six Days af 6 ter) the Moneys arising at the Exchequer within such Year by the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies, Over

Moneys, and other Moneys thereby appropriated for Payment of Annuities pursuant to that Act,

Should

23

should exceed all the Moneys then due for or upon the Tame Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof then incurred, the Excels or Surplus should be disposeable from Time to Time for the public Use and Service: And by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of her Paid late majesty's Reign, entitled, 6 Ann. C 5.

An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred ad eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per An act' num, to arise by appropri ting fev.ra! Surpluses, and by granting further dams in the Duties on Low *wines,

and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and pelty chapmen, the stamp duties, the one Third Subsidy, the Duty on Swats,

undone of the Branches of Excifi, and by making other Provisions in this Act mentioned, a certain Fund or Sum not exceeding forty thousand poun's per Annum, is charged upon and payable out of all the over e plus or Surplus Moneys of the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Funds, settled for Payment of the said several Annuities, purchased upon the said several Adds of the fourth and fifth Years of her said. late Majesty's Reign respectively, which should from d ime to Time remain, after satisfying or reserving in the Exchequer, sufficient to fatidy so much as shall be incurred or grown due, from Time to Time, upon those Annuities, and every of them, and which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her said late

$ Ann. C 19.

Majefly's Reign, were left to be disposed, from Time to Time, for the publick Use and Service, as aforesaid, and is also charged upon, and payable out of all the Overplus, Moneys of the Rates and Duties of Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to their majefiiessett. 0.3.. certain Rates and Duties of Excjc upon Beer, Alt, and aether Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thou fund Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, for the Term of ninety-nine h ears, from the five and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and by that and other Acts re lating thereunto, made liable to the Payment of Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship, and other An act' nuities charged thereupon; which Overplus of the Rates and Duties of Excise all: mentioned, is by the said Act of the sixth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, directed to be computed on the twenty-fourth 6 Ann. C 5.

Day of June yearly: And by the same act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign, the aforesaid Duties upon Low W ines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, are continued from the Expiration of the said Term of ninety six Years before granted therein, for one whole Year from thence nextenftiing; and the said Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, petty chapmen, and others, as aforesaid, are continued from the Expiration of the said 'J 'erm of ninety six Years before granted therein, for the like Term of one Year from thence next ensuing; and such of the Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper as are there in mentioned, are continued from the Expiration of the said Term of ninety six Years before granted therein, for the like Term of one whole Year from thence next ensuing; and the said Subsidy, called the one Third Subsidy (which was continued for one Year from the Expiration of a Term of ninety-eight 1 "Years, as aforesaid) is fur filer continued from the Expiration of the said one Year, for one Year more from thence next ensuing; and the said Duty upon Sweets made for Say, is continued from theexpira tion of the said Term of ninety-nine Years formerly granted therein, for the i erm of two y'ears from thence next ensuing; the Rates and Duties of Excise last mentioned are continued from the Expira tion of the said Term of ninety-nine Years formerly granted therein, for the further erm of fifteen Years from thence next ensuing; and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Lte majesty's Reign, it 6 was enacted and declared, That the said Overplus Moneys of the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies and Funds, settled for Payment of the said several Annuities purchased upon the said several Acts of the Ann. cs'.

fourth and fifth Years of her said late majesty's Reign respectively, and the said Overplus Moneys of the 5 Ann' C9 said Rates and Duties of Excise, granted in the said fourth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, and the several Grants made of the said Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and of the said Duties to be paid by Hawkers, Pedlars and petty chapmen, and of the said Duties upon Vel

Parchment and Paper, and of the said additional Subsidy, severally, for the further Term of one

Year, as aforesaid, and of the said Duties upon Sweets for two Years, and of the said particular Rates of Excise for fifteen Years, as aforesaid, and other Moneys therein mentioned, or so much thereof as should be sufficient for making up the said Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, are and shall be liable and appropriated thereunto, in order to answer the Payment of the Annuities purchased on that Act for ninety-nine Years, reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, payable likewise at the said Receipt of Exchequer: And by the same Act of the sixth y'ear of her late majesty's Reign, it is provided. That if at the End of any Year of the 6 Ann, C 5.

said Term of ninety-nine Years, for which the said Annuities upon that Act were to be purchased (the first Computation to be made at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and nine, or within six Days after)

the Moneys arising at the Exchequer within such Year, by that Act chargeable to make good the said yearly Fund not exceeding forty thousand Pounds (except as therein is excepted) should exceed all the Moneys which at every such feast day Pnould be due, for or upon the same Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof, so that there should be an Excess or Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, such Excess or Surplus should be disposeable, from Time to Time for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise, as by the said several Acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth Years of her His late majesty's Reign (Relation be

ing thereunto respectively had) may more fully appear Now it is hereby further enacted and declared All the Sorpiu* by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Surplus Moneys which, upon any Computation or Computations Moneys f the to be made after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Annuity Acts and fifteen, pursuant to the said Annuity Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign, shall fromt'.jj'lt.'

'T'irns

24-

"priated for the (Jfcs of this A,

Ann. C 6.

5 Ann. C 19.

(? Aim. C 5.

The one Third Subsidy Ann. C 6. continued for ever.

5 Ann. C 19.

V Ann. C 5.

Piilfes of Excise, Ann. CI 6.

Duties on Low Wines, C

5 Ann. C 19.

1 Geo. C 16.

6 Ann, C 5.

Duties on knv kers and ped larfc, 5 Ann. C 19.

9 & 10 W. 3.

C 27.

Duties on Vellum, C

5 Ann. C 19.

Duties on Sweets, 5 Ann. C j9.

of Ex rise, 4.* S WM. r.

V Ar. i 5.

C 12. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Time to Time, or at any Time or Times, appear to be or remain in the said Receipt of Exchequer, over and above, so much as shall be sufficient to discharge all Moneys then incurred and grown due for or upon the said Annuities and Payments charged thereupon by the said several Acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth Years of her said, late majesty's Reign, and over and above so much as pursuant to the true Meaning of fhofe Acts, or any of them, is to be referred for Payment of any of the Annuities thereupon purchased (which Surplus Moneys were intended by the said Act of the sixth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, to be disposed, from Time to Time for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise) and all the Arrears of the said Duties and Revenues charged with the said Annuities and Payments by the same Acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth Years of her late majesty's Reign, which shall or may arise by virtue of the Grants thereof, for the several Terms aforesaid, after all the Annuities and Payments charged thereupon, shall be expired, determined, and fully discharged and paid off, shall from Time to Time be set apart, and the same are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to and for the several Uses and Purposes in this present Act declared of and concerning the same, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, subject n'evertheiefs to such Redemption as is herein after provided in that Behalf.

VIII. And whereas the Duties and Revenues contained in the said Acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth Years of her said late majesty's Reign, whereupon the said Surplus or Overplus Moneys are, from Time £ to Time, to arise for the Uses and Purposes in this Act intended, are temporary, being granted only for such Terms of Years as are before mentioned: Now for the better establishing a fare and lasting Fund

C to answer all the said Uses and Purposes hereby intended, subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is £ hereby prescribed be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such or the like additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties commonly called the one Third Subsidy, which by the said Act of the fourth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, was granted or continued for the Term of ninety-eight Years, from the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, and by the said Act of the fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, was continued for one Year, to take Effect after the Expiration of the said Term of ninety-eight Years, and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late maje ify's Reign was further continued for one Year, to take Effect after the Expiration of the said Term of one Year last before mentioned, shall after the Expiration of the said several Terms so granted therein, have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sticcessors for ever: And that such or the like Rates and Duties of Excise, which by the said Act of the fourth Year of her late majesty's Reign were granted for the Term of ninety five Years, commencing from the seventeenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall after the Expiration of the said Term of ninety five Years granted therein, have Continuance, and be also paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors for ever: And that such and the like Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction,

as by the said act of the fifth Year of her late majesty's Reign were granted and continued for the Term of ninety six Years, from the three and twentieth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ten, and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign were continued for one Year, to take Effect alter the Expiration of the Term of ninety six Years last: mentioned, shall after the Expiration of the said several Terms so granted therein, have further Continuance, and be likewise paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors forever: And that all and every such and the like Duties and Sums'of

Money to be paid by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and others described in a former Act of Parliament for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and all the Powers for granting such Licences, which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her late majesty's Reign were granted for the Term of ninety six Years, from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign were continued for one Year, to take Effect after the Expiration of the Term of ninety six Years last mentioned, shall after the Expiration of the said several Terms so granted therein, have further Continuance, and be also paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors: for ever: And that such of the Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, as by the Rid at of the fifth Year of her late majesty's Reign were continued for the Term of ninety six Years, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's.reign were continued for one Year, to take Effect after the Expiration of the Term of ninety six Years last mentioned, shall after the Expiration of the said several Terms so granted therein, have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever: And that the Duties upon Sweets made for Sale, which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign were granted.for the Term of ninety-nine Years, from the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand Lven hundred and six, and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign were continued for two Years, to take Effect after the Expiration of the Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned, shall after the Expiration of the said several Terms so granted therein, have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and Successors for ever: And that the several Rates and Duties of Excel's,

which hv the said Act of tie fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, were granted for the Term of ninety-nine Years, from the five and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and were by the said Act of the sixth Year of her late majesty's Reign continued for the Term of fifteen Years, to take Effect after the said ninety-nine Years last mentioned, fhafi, after the Expiration of the several Perms so granted therein, have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever: And that the said several Subsidies, Plates,

and Duties by this Act made perpetual, as aforesaid, when and as the same respectively shall take effect, by virtue of this act, shall be raised and levied by such 1 rules and Methods, and under such Penalties and

Forfeitures,

2 5

Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and fuljedl to such Power of Mitigation, and with such respective Drawbacks, Allowances, and Repayment's, and in such Manner and Form, as the like Duties granted or continued by the said former Acts now in Beii g respecthcly are prescribed, enacted, or appointed to be raised or levied.

IX. And it is hereby declared, That where any of the abovementioned Duties now in Being, of any Which of the

Proportions thereof, do extend to (hat Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by virtue of any of the Aourji L i; which granted the fam*, or by virtue of the late Act' of Union, in all such Cases the same r. spedlive !o Scol '

ties hereby intended to be made perpetual, shall be understood to extend to Scotland in like Manner.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where any further or other Provision Ail further pj

touching or

concerning inv

vsfnns Sy acvn

or'alteration is made by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Being, o o

the Subsidies, Ra es or Duties, which were granted for certain Terms, as aforesaid, inch other provisions°f I'V'AT n and Alterations shall be observed and take place, in relation to the like Subfuiies, Rates and Duties by 10 pic this Act intended to be made perpetual,

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to nrife by the saul Subsidies, The m V r Rates and Duties by this Act made perpetual, as afor. said, when and as the same rcipedlively (after the '0, 0 T" Expiration of the respective Terms formerly granted as aforesaid) shall take Effect, by virtue of this pre 1"'" XC "<lutr' lent Act (the necessary Charges of raising the same excepted) shall likewise, from Time to Time, be brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed; the said Duties and Revenues hereby made perpetual, and the Application thereof to the Uses and Purposes by this Act intended, shall be subject and liable to such Redemption as is herein after prescribed in that Behalf.

XII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of their said late Ma \ & W. M, 1 jellies King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and ao.

Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for featring certain Recom \ peaces and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, certain other Rates and Duties of £ Excise were granted to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors for ever, and the Moneys arising the re upon as thereby directed to be divided into five Seventh Parts, and two Seventh Parts, and by virtue of that and other Acts in that Behalf, the said five Seventh Parts are liable to answer the original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, f tb jedl to, such Redemption as is provided for the same by Laws now in Force; and the said two Seventh Parts are liable to answer certain Annuities for Lives charged thereupon, and the sail five Seventh Parts,

and two Seventh Parts have respectively produced, and are like to produce yearly more than sufficient to answer the said original F und, and all the Annuities or Payments by any Act or Acts of Parliament char ged thereupon respectively; the Overplus Moneys last mentioned are computable on the first Day of fune yearly Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Overplus Moneys of thethe Overplus

said five Seventh Parts, and two Seventh Parts, which upon any Computation or Computations to be duly rtf, & 6 wi

ru r,: j __. northeast o..lt tr. d. r I t. i _ k j r. «., J, & M. C ao.

made, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hunareu jppf0prja.ed and fifteen, shall from Lime to Time, or at any Time or Times, appear to be or remain in the said Re for the uses ceipt of Exchequer; that is to say, of the said five Seventh Parts (over and above so much as shall be fuf of this Act, ficient to discharge all the Moneys then incurred and grown due for or upon the said original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum) and of the said two Seventh Parts (over and above so much as shall be sufficient to discharge all Moneys then incurred and grown due for the said Annuities or Payments chared thereupon, or neceil ry 'o be reserved for that Purpose) and all the Moneys which shall arise by the said five Seventh Parts of the said Excise, after Redemption of the said original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, in cale it shall be redeemed before all the Uses and Purposes intended by this Act shall be fiuisfied, and all the Moneys which shall arise by the said two Seventh Parts of the Excise, 'after all the Annuities for Lives and other Payments charged thereupon shall be determined, and fully discharged, shall also, from Time to Time be Ft apart, and the same are hereby appropriated, and shall from Time to Time, be issued and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes in this Act expressed, and to nose other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is hereby prescribed.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all o her public Moneys which, A pomickmo from and after the said Feast oi Saint Michael the Archang 1 in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven raes^not appro hundred and fifteen, shall come, and be brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, not being appropria d ted or appointed to any Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, and not being Act.

Moneys arising from any Branch or Branches of Revenue, appointed or to be appointed for the Service of his Majesty's Civil Government, or the Expenses thereun o belonging, shall likewise be set apart, issued and applied, to and for the Uses and Services in and by this present Act declared and intended, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

tms

ficiency

dred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings, mentioned in an Act of Parliament of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign,

Comnrfftmers for the land-tax for the Year one

sign, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the ue > seven hundred and fourteen; and for redjing so much as is E'want ins'

i Geo. i. static.

12. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

wanting to male up the Sum of fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by a Lottery for the publick Service in the said Year, but that every such Deficiency shall and may be made good, and satisfied out of any publick unappropriated Moneys, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

thefcver.ilsub.

XV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Subsidies, duties and be me*.'"re'late ^evcnues> which by the said Act of the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, were appropriated kunct tofufe'1" fr pay ng f Interest and Allowances relating to the exchequer bills, issued upon that and the said former Purposei of this Acts in that Behalf, or towards cancelling the same, 3itd all Arrears thereof, and the several additional Re aft. 12 Ann. venues and Incomes by this Act granted or continued, for the Uses and Purposes hereafter in and by this Strt. 1. C 1 r. expressed or intended, and all Surplus Moneys, Arrears, and other Moneys whatsoever by this Act di

b 1 - Geo. 1. "3 rc'^cd to be brought into the Receipt of exchequer, or to be set apart or appliedto or for the same Uses and' CV 17.' Purposes, as aforesaid, and likewise the Overplus Moneys of the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds herein after mentioned, from Time to Time arising, are and shall be one General or Aggregate Fund and Security for satisfying and paying all Moneys which are, and from Time to Time shall be incurred and grown due or payable for Interest, after the Rates of twopence per Centum per Diem, and for the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for all the exchequer bills abovementioned, or such of them as shall from Time to Time be uncancelled or undischarged; and all the Moneys which are or shall be grown due, from Time to Time, upon the said Sums of forty sit e thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, for so long Time as those yearly Sums are to continue or be payable; and for supplying to his Majesty during his Life (which God long preserve) the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, by quarterly Payments, at the four most usual Feasts of the Year, by equal Portions, or within ten Days after every such feast day, for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Expenses and Occasions; and also for supplying the further yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds for ever, by like quarterly Payments, to commence from the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and' fifteen, in order to raise any Sum or Sums of Money thereupon, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for public Services, and for making good any such Deficiencies as shall or may happen, as aforesaid, and likewise for or towards furnishing the said yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine Pounds and seven Shillings, for paying off and cancelling the said Bills; all which is to be done in such Order, Manner and Form, as are herein after prescribed: And that such of the said Subsidies, Duties, Revenues, additional Revenues, Surplus Moneys, p.emains and Arrears, as are already commenced or arisen, and the Residue thereof, as they shall arise and take Eftest, shall he and are by this Act appropriated, and shall be applied thereunto accordingly; any other Act or Acts of Parliamentor other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The Allowances

XVI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Allowances, after t^le^alc three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Arrears thereof, shall from Time to Time be paid b^paid^'o the an(l satisfied at the Receipt of Exchequer to the said Governor and Company and their successors, weekly, Bank weekly, or as soon as the same can be satisfied, out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund arising by the said Duties and Revenues thereof, already commenced, or hereafter to commence, or come in, as aforesaid, or by any of them, so as by such weekly or other Payments, the whole of the said Allowances, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, due to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, at the End of each Quarter (reckoning the Quarter to terminate at the four most usual Ani the is. per Feasts of the Year respectively) be not exceeded; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any fotachcp^kn' t^iree or rnore of them, or the Lord Treasurer for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby empowered the Treasury directed, out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, arising by the said Duties and shall intrust, by Revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence, or come in, as aforesaid, or by any of them, to avay of Impressed, issue unto such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord Treasurer do or shall think fit to intrust in that Behalf, and upon Security given or to be given, to the good Liking of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord Treasurer, such Sum and Sums of Aloney by way of Impressed, and upon Account, from Time to Time, and by such Proportions at a Time, as the same Commissioners or Lord Treasurer shall find necessary for discharging all the Interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem which is, and shall from Time to Time be due or demandable upon the said Exchequer bills made forth upon the Acts aforesaid, or any of them, the said Interest to be discharged at such Time, and in such Manner and Form, as by the said former Acts, or any of them, were prescribed in that Behalf.

After satisfying

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying or reserving sufficient to the said Allow. pay or fatjsfy, from Time to Time, so much as is or shall be grown due or demandable for the said allow 4?ooool. and ance three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, then the mo-8000l. per nies which are or shall, from Time to Time, he grown due to the said Governor and Company, and their Ann. to be paid Successors, upon their said other Allowances of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand to ihe Bank. Pounds/>£? Annum, during so long Time as those Allowances are to continue, as aforesaid, shall quarterly at the respective Days and Times before appointed for Payment thereof, be paid and satisfied to the said. Governor and Company, and their Successors, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, weekly, or as soon as the same can be satisfied, out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, arising or to ariffe by the said Duties and Revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence or come in, as aforesaid, (o

2

27

as by such weekly or other Payments, the Sums to be due to the find Governor and Company, or their Successors, upon their Allowances last mentioned, at the End of each quarterly Day of Payment thereof, be not exceeded.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That after paying or referring fuflicieiit to pay and satisfy, from Time After tint tin to Time, so much as is or shall be grown due or demandable for the said Allowance of three Pounds t>ery ath s"nl ° centum per Annum, and Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, and the said Allowances of fortyfive tc°^d°fo/'bc thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, then the said yearly Sum of one hun cmlliil died and twenty thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his neccft ary Expenses and Occasions, shall grow due and be payable to his Majesty quarterly, from the said

Feast of St, Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at the four moult usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, during his Majesty's natural Life, as aforesaid, out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, arising or to arise by the said Duties or Revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid; that the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or Lord Treasurer, and under treasurer of the Exchequer, for the Time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds to be blued and applied, weekly, or as soon as the same can be satisfied, in the Order and Course aforesaid, for the same Services, out of the said Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, or any of them, so as by such weekly or other Payments, the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds to be due thereupon at the End of each Quarter be not exceeded.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying or reserving sufficient to After that, the pay and satisfy, from Time to Time, so much as is or shall be grown due or demandable for the said al ycat, y Sum of lowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Interest oi twopence per Centum per Diem, and the,

said Allowances of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and for anf«e.?fhr per or upon the said Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, then the said Sum of fifty petualannuidet. four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever, shall at the said four usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, without any Deduction or Abatement, be separated and set apart in the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, arising and to arise by the said Duties or Revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid, and shall, from Time to Time, be issued and applied to answer and satisfy such perpetual Annuities as shall be purchased thereupon, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Act or Acts of Parliament, as is, are, or shall be passed, for raising thereupon any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Public.

XX. And it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said Allowr t severance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said Payments for Interest, shall from 1 Time to Time take Place, and be preferred in point of Payment, out of the said General or Aggregate

Fund hereby established, before the said yearly Sums of fortyfive thousand and eight thousand Pounds, or either of them; and that the said yearly Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds,

shall from Time to Time take place, and be preferred in point of Payment, before the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds; and that the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds shall from Time to Time take place, and be preferred in point of Payment, out of the said General Fund, before the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds; and that the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds shall from Time to Time take place, and be preferred before any Sums herein after mentioned, for making good Deficiencies (when any such shall happen) of or in other Funds of the said Governor and Company, and before the yearly Sum herein after mentioned, for cancelling and discharging the said Exchequer bills.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying or reserving How the defi sufficient to pay and satisfy, from Time to Time, so much as is or shall be grown due or demandable for ciencie> shall be the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, made eoc'd' and the said Allowances of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and for and upon the said yearly Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, and fifty-four thousand six hundred rounds per Annum, then the said Deficiency and Deficiencies for making good the Payments, to be from Time to Time incurred and growm due, for or upon the said yearly Sums of one hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, and either of them (when and as often as any such shall happen) shall from Time to Time be satisfied andanswered out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, arising cr to arise by the said Duties or Revenues already commenced, or hereafter, to come in, as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord Treasurer, and under treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to cause every such Deficiency or Deficiencies To happening, to be satisfied and paid accordingly, with Preference to any Issues then to be made for cancelling the said Bills, which Deficiencies (if any such be) shall be annually computed.at the Exchequer, from the Produce of the said respective Revenues there (to wit) the Deficiency of the said original Fund on the first Day of 'june yearly, and the Deficiency of the Annuity last mentioned at Michaelmas yearly.

XXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satis How API;:, fy, from Time to Time, so much as Is or shall be grown due or demandable for the said Allowance of?11 mos!tv 01

E a threeth

Bills shall b paid off.

Overplus of any Year disposable by Parliament.

Deficiency to be made j; ood by Parliament.

Overplus of 700.000l. for the Civil List, shall be Part of the aggregate Fund. 1 Geo. 1. Scat, 1. C 1.

All Grants of such Overplus, without Authority of parlin ment, void.

Deficiency to be made good out of the next Aids. 2 Geo. 1. Star. ic, 2.

77, 694l. is. yd. in the Exchequer before 12 juie 1714 shall be applied to xicfiay the Civil List till Mich,

C 12. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Interest of twopence per Centum per diem, and the said Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, eight thousand Pounds per Annum, one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per anr.u r, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Anrwn, and so much as shall be demandable by virtue of this Act, to mjke good such Deficiency and Deficiencies, as aforesaid, (all which are always to be preferred, as aforesaid) then the said full and entire yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety nine Pounds seven Shillings, or so much thereof, as the Pmmainder of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, arising or to arise by the said Duties or Revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time produce for that Purpose, shall be, and is by this Add appropriated for paying oft all the principal Money contained in all and eery the f.tid exchequer bills made forth. upon the Adds aforesaid, or any of them, and for cancelling the same, until all the said Bills shall be discharged and cancelled, and shall be issued and applied to and for that Use and Purpose, in such Manner as the Commi, nonets of the Treasury, or Lord Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to lime direct and appoint' in that Behalf j and that the Issues thereof shall be made quarterly, or oftener, so as by the Payments within any Quarter, the fourth Part of the yearly Sum last mentioned for that Quarter be not exceeded.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, the Produce of the said General or Aggregate Fund, to arise by all or any the Subsidies, Duties and Revenues hereby appropriated for all the Purposes aforesaid, shall at the End of any Year, reckoning from the said feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, exceed all the Money due at the End of every such Year for all the Purposes aforesaid, so that there shall be an Excess or Surplus of the said General Fund, such Excess or Surplus shall be disposable, from Time to Time for the public Use and Service by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise; anything herein, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Produce of the said General or Aggregate Fund, to arise by all or any the Subsidies, Duties and Revenues hereby appropriated for all the Purposes aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient, that with in any one Year, reckoning from the said Feast of St. Atichael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the same shall not he furficient to answer and satisfy the said several and respective Purposes to which the same is hereby intended to be applied, Then and in every such Case, and as often as any such Deficiency of the said General Fund shall happen, the same shall be provided for, answered and made goodbye and out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Revenues settled

or appointed for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of his Crown, by the late Act of Parliament of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Mfejlfs Houfloold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, together with the said additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, intended by this Act to be supplied as aforesaid, shall from the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at any Time during his Majesty's Life, produce in clear Money more than the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, that then the Overplus of such Produce (being more than the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds) shall go to, and be deemed and taken to be Part of the General or Aggregate Fund by this Act intended to be established for the several Purposes aforesaid, and be appropriated, issued and applied accordingly, till all the said exchequer hills shall, paid off and cancelled; and from and after the cancelling and discharging of all the said Exchequer bills, then the said Overplus which from thenceforth shall arise, exceeding the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, shall not be issued, disposed, made use of, or applied to any Use or Purpose, or upon any Pretext whatsoever, without the Authority of Parliament; and that all Grants and dispofi tions whatsoever hereafter to be made by his Majesty of such Overplus, or any Part thereof, from time to Time, without Authority of Parliament, shall be utterly void and of none effect; and the Grantees, or other Persons to whom such Grants or Dispositions, or any of th: m, shall be made of such Overplus, or any Part thereof, shall be adjudged uncapable in Law to take, hold, keep, detain, or enjoy the same; any Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if dm said Revenues settled or appointed for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the' Crown, by the said Act of the first: Year of his Majesty's Reign, and the said additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, taken together, shall at the End of any Year successively during his Majesty's Life, reckoning the first Year from the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, appear to have produced in clear Money, less than the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds for that Year respectively, then and in every such Case', as often as any such Deficiency shall happen, the same shall be provided for, answered, and made goodbye and out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That the Sum of seventy seven thousand six hundred ninety four

Pounds one Shilling and seven Pence, of public unappropriated Moneys, which was brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer before the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and now. remaining the re, be applied towards defraying his Majesty's extraordinary Expenses relating to the Civil Government, from the Time of his Accession to the Throne, until the said Feast of St. Michael the arch. angel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.'

XXVIII

A.D. 1714. Anno

xxviii: And hc ic fuhhc

mo primo Georgii Regis'.'sttik "2'.

r enabled, by the Authority afittsaid, That the said fori

e.

12,

29

hjcr Acts' above recited All the powers

thereunto bel Ural 1 be dischdi1! the Adds by

tained to the contrary no twithftari^ngf, *- j»,

XXX. Provided tuwhysj'^(jdvis wrcbyytfi^hcr.^'^sted'by3lhd.lau^srit^t»fpYejli'<5y; That frostyantf afir Wh ter the complete paying' oft andaufchafging all the Principal dnd Interest which iha'll'bel due upon' all the T: said Excheqi tlges x>f arhy

Centum per j. T

Pounds, one hundred nndttvc rify thousand rdur.d^ and fifty Totif thousand fix' hundred Pounds, of them, as also of stich irficjencyr'6r, d^fifier/ctds^s'ffialf ^efi ^j^'ear to btfifiit satisfied' (if any life for or upon the said original Ffind 6f; bnd hisjtdredxfifidfiinr Poiffijfc plranmibtl and for and upon the said Annuity of one hafrdred tfntfr ftk thoijfdndi fre blind red niid^totinfe thirteen'sh1ljingfl af)d 'five per Annum, then, and nbfitill then, thefitfd oen&af $ ^vgakscte^iihs by "is' Act'; ertabtiflied, 'or i CD to be estab.'vfned, for the several Purposes aforesaid.'hiid riip* said'.snbffdles. Dates and r^vennp?

tallied or to be contained therein, and every 6

and shall notbeiffued, paid, or applied, to any

l'itv of parliament^'other than except the said Rutitis cfillpd the t\vo'thirds; of a Subsidy bf Tonnage and Exceptlos.

n if' o rvrf' pyppnf p' Tt 1 r^f T'l 11 frtpev. it nnn (

en the ag:

: Fund shall be understood to be redeemed by far d liament,

nd every ny fqch bej the said ve Pence: intend.

Duties so excepted, are intended to be cdntinlitd, 'and' are h'erehv ehated to be continued, for answering and paying out of the same all the Payments which shall after such Redemption grow due for and upon the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by quarterly Payments, for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other' hirneceffmy Occasions, during his Majesty's Life, and also for answering and paying out of the same excepted Subsidies, and other Duties, all the Payments which fhftll; after, fucpirede^ption, grow due for; o.piq^it, thy)said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousandfee hundred Pounds, for payment.of the Paid Annuities to be purchased, as aforesaid, which Annuities are, to continue for ever, unless the same' be redeemed by Parliament, 'according "to the Tenor and true Meaning, of the fard other A fit or adds of Parliament puffed or to be passed in that Rehalf; and the said excepted Subsidies and Duties so to be continued for answering the Payments of the said yearly Syms of one hundred and twenty thousantpounds, and fifty-four thousand ivx hundred Pounds, or so muclrihereof as flialhhe suffici 'e'ftt to pay the fariiep aie a rid lkalpbe appropriated, i filled, and applied thereunto, dating the Continuance! of the same yearly Sums respciffively any vthing Herein 'contained to' the Oontrafy' notwithstanding.

deeming the said original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per anr.iafc'bi' the' m.d. Jcvernol tknfi Company, or their laid Annuity of one hundred and six thou find five hundred and one Pounds thirteen 'Shillings and five penccpe?': l//n/ium, which original Fund and Annuity respective jy shall, and may be re 'deemed upon fu ch Notices, and in such manner and form, and 'upon such Terms' and Conditions, as are prescribed: by the refjte&iye Acts of parliament now iri foice cqrtc erning. thd farn§, ! and', not otherwise.j -

anything herein Contained to the contrary in any wifevio^ithfianu

a ing.

XXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That from knd after the rddemptidtf of the said ori after redemp original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and of the said Annuity of one hundred and six u.on of the thousand five hundred and One Pounds thirteen Shillings and five pence per Annum, and from and after 1'^ Redemption shall likewise bo made of the general Fenid established by t'ntadl for the several Purposes

C 13. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

aforesaid; (except before excepted) then, and not till! then, the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall cease and determine; but till then the said Governor and Company shall continue a Corporation, and shall Have and enjoy all the Powers and Privileges they are entitled to, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That so much of the Sum of one hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, which was borrowed on the said former Act, which laid a Duty on Hews for four Years, and the Interest thereof, as is deficient and remains unpaid, shall be satisfied out of the said Sum, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, to be raised as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling upon John Duke of Marlborough, and his Poferity, a Pension of five thousand Pounds per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner as his Ho 4 nows and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and Hoise of Blenheim, are already limited choose for fctif anl[ fittled, amongst other Recitals therein, it was recited, That her Majesty was graciously pleased, at forworlf £rc' 4 her own Expense, to erect the House of Blenheim, as a Monument of the glorious Actions of the said ot^ilenheirr, i e Duke: And whereas also the Building of the House of Blenheim, and making the Gardens and other

whilst c.irried on Conveniences thereunto belonging, were begun and carried on accordingly, at the Expense of her said at the Expense offi late Majesty, until the Works thereof ceased; Charge of which said Building and Works, so far as her late Majesty. t t}je same were.carried on (except the Debts remaining unsatisfied to Artificers and others) was horn by her Majesty out of the Revenues which were appointed for the Uses of her Civil Government: And

j2 ann.stat. is whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, she was enabled to raise five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for the Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards the Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned; by which Act: it was provided and enact 4 ed. That the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds should be applied and disposed in Aid of the Re

or Branches which were appointed for Support of her Majesty's Houfhald, and of the Honour

and Dignity of the Crown, for or towards the paying and discharging such Arrears and Debts, as aforesaid: Nevertheless for the clearing of any Doubt that may arise, whether the Debts which incurred

and became due, and now remain unsatisfied to Artificers and others, for Work performed and Mate rials delivered, for or upon Account of the Building and Works aforesaid, whilst the same were carried 4 on, as aforesaid, ought to be paid and satisfied by and out of the Arrears of her Majesty's said Revenues, due at the Time of her Demise, and the Moneys now remaining of the Sum by the last above re

cited Act authorised to be raised Itis hereby declared., That all the Debts which were actually incurred

and grown due, and now remain unsatisfied to Artificers and others for Work performed, and Materials delivered for or upon Account of the said Building, and other Works at Blenheim, on or before ths first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve (when her Majesty jfirft caused the Payments on Account of the said Buildings to be stopped) ought to be, and the same are hereby accordingly directed and enacted to be paid out of the Moneys now remaining of the aforesaid Sum by the last recited Act authorised to be raised, and out of the Arrears of the said Revenues granted to her Majesty for the Uses of her Civil Government, as aforesaid, due at the Time of her Demise, in such and the like Manner, and by such Proportions only., as other her Majesty's Debts are or ought to be paid and satisfied.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the succehion of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess being Protestants, for extinguishing

the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secreta hectors.

Itrc; iing iztc I. WHEREAS by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King wilur, 13 V 3a r. am, of Glorious and Immortal Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the

Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; was enacted, That the Crown and Regal Government of the Kingdoms of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto be longing, with the Royal State and Dignity of the said Realms, and all Honours, Styles, Titles, Regali ties, Prerogatives, Powers, Jurisdictions and Authorities, to the same belonging and appertaining, after the Decease of his said Majesty, and of the Princess Anne of Denmark, and in Default of Blue of the said Princess Anne of Denmark, and of his said Majesty respectively, should be, remain, and continue to the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, Daughter of the most

Princess Elizabeth, late Queen of Bohemia, Daughter of our late Sovereign Lord King James

the First, and the Heirs of the Body of the said Princess Sophia, being Protestants: whereas also

W. 3. 4 an Act was made in England in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Riga of the said King Willi «. 6. 4 am, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Jldajefifs Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the

Protestani Line j and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors, whereby, among other Things, it was provided. That all and every Person and Persons, mentioned in the said last recited Act, should take the Oath therein mentioned,

and subscribe the same, in the Manner, at the Times and Places, and under the Pains and Penalties

therein

Deficiency on the Hop Act to be made good

Ann, C 4.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. G. 13. 31

therein expressed; upon the Demile of his late Majesty King William, there was another Act made i Ann. stat. IV ' in the first Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to declare the Alterations in the Oathe< "

appionted to be taken by the Ail, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Pratejlant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the association to be de

and for the same End there was another Act passed in the fourth Year of her said late Maje Ann. t. 8.

fty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the

e succrjjton to the Crown of England in the Pratejlant Line: And whereas by the Treaty of Union, and fe

cond Article thereof, it is providej, That the Succession to the Monarchy of the united Kingdom of Great Britain, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, after her said late most Sacred Majesty Queen

Anne, and in Default of Issue of her said Majesty, should L C remain, and continue to the moult Excellent Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover and the Heirs of her Body, being Pro testants, upon whom the Crown of England stood settled by the aforesaid Act, made in England in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William; pursuant to which Treaty and State of; 3 V r

Union, there were sundry Acts made in the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, for taking cer c'

tain Oaths and Declarations for Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and settling the Crown in the Protestant Line: And whereas the said pretended Prince of Wales hath aftumed the Style:

and Title of fames the Third, King of England, Scotland, and Ireland, in open Defiance of the Provi

4. lions made for the Establishment of the Title and Succession of the Crown by the said Acts of Parliamenton which said Acts the Safety of your majesty's Royal Person and Government, the Continuance

of the Monarchy of Great Britain, the rreservation of the prc.testant Religion, the Maintenance of the

Churches of England and Scotland, as by Law established, the Security of the ancient and undoubted

Rights and Liberties, and the future Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom do (under God) entirely depend: And whereas the said pretended Prince of Wales, since the Demise of the late Queen, in Prejudice of your majesty's just Right and Title to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, has continued to

the said Name and Title of fames the Third, King of England, Scotland, and Ireland, in mani

fell Violation of your majesty's most lawful and rightful Title to the Crown, and of the Acts and Treaty abovementioned, made for settling, and further Security of the same, and for extinguishing the Hopes of him the said Pretender, and of all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors: And'

whereas also several wicked and evil minded Persons have, even since your majesty's happy Accession to

the Throne, in riotous, seditious, and treasonable Manner, taken upon them to give to isle said pretend

ed Princoof Wales the aforesaid Name and Title: To the Intent therefore the said Acts may be for

ever inviolably preserved, and that all future Questions and Divisions, by reason.of any pretended Ti 4 ties to the Crown, may be prevented, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spi —

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Maje air Officers, fly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this pre civil or Mili" sent Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, ast3ryj well Peers as Commoners, that shall bear any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive any.

Pay, Salary, See, or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, or hall, have Com -- mand or Place of Trust from or under his Majesty, or from any of his Majesty's rredeceflors, or by his, her, or their Authority, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, within Great Britain, or in hisingreat eri majesty's Navy, or in the several Islands of ferfey and Guernsey, or Hull be of the Houshold, or in the ain service or Employment of his Majesty, or of his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, or her Royal Highness the Princess of tvales, or their Blue, and all Ecclesiastical Persons, Heads or Governors, of, 1 Ecclesiasticali what Denomination soever, and all other Members of Colleges and Halls in any University, th t are or Podons> shall be of the Foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any Exhibition, (being of the Age of eighteen years) and all Persons teaching or reading to Pupils in any University, or elsewhere, and all Schoolmasters andi Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, all Constables, and every Person that al! schcol shall act as a Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, riter in matters, C Scotland, Proctor, Clerk, or Notary, by practising in any Manner as such in any Court whatsoever, who^jel^nts ar shall inhabit, reside, or be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within thirty Miles distant from C the same, on the first Day of Michaelmas Term next, at any Time during the fain Term, ., shall prrl&nal^"^')' ln LV appear before the End of the said Term in his Majesty's Court of Chancery, King's Bench, Common lonjon, ih.ui Pleas or Exchequer, and there, in public and open Court, between the Hours of nine of the Clock, and takethe follow — twelve in the Forenoon, take the Oaths herein after mentioned: that is to say, ins Oaths IQ

one ot' the

Courts at Westminster. The Time Is enlarged by I go. 2, Slat. sc 23*

tie do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance, to his Ma the Oaths, .*X jesty King George.

So help me God, -

3

i is 9. rt'

Jz Sc 13 W. 3. C 2.

And subscribe the iamb.

Or in the Quarter sessions for the County,

See, where they rs.'ide.

All Persons who b tv re 1 he idth of Aug. 1715. Arall be admitted into any Ofr fice, see. shall within three Months take the lame Oath at Westminster or s lnons of the County where they refine.

Replied bjrw*

- Geo. 2. c. 31. V 3. And far thvr Provisions tckiting hereto, 9 Geo. a. C 26.

CII .£ primol Georgia 'Regis, Scat. 2. A.D. 1714.

4 T A. b.dp swear, That I do from my Heart abhor, dated:, and abjure, as impious and heretical, that 4 JL darimable doisdine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or 'deprived by the Pope, or any

Authority of the See of Rome, may fie deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever. And'i 'o declare, That no Foreign Prince, Person. State, or.potentate.hath, or ought to have any Jurisdiction, Power, 'Superiority, preeminence Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, 'within this Realm,

So help me God.

4 Y ABDO truly and sincerely. acknowledge, profess, testify1 and declare in my Con science, before God and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King George is [awful and rightful King ofi this Realm, and all other his. majesty's Dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And X do solemnly and Xinccrely declare. That X do believe in my Gonfeiencej. that the Person pretended [to bje 'prince offijYalcs\ during the Life of the late.'king 'jnw.es, and lined. his Decease, pretending to be; and taking; upon: him fell the.stile and Title of king 6i england the namevofywzr.r the Third - of, Scotiimd, 'by the Name of James the Eighthyor rfie stile and Yitlelof king of Great Britain J hath not any, Right or<ti 4 tie whatsoever to the crown of this Realm', or any other the dominions thereto belonging; and I drs renounce, refuse, and L abjure any. Allegiance or Obedience to him. And 1 do; swear, That i. will bear Faith and true Allegiance to his Majesty Iving* George, and him wild defend'.to the utmost.of rny pow 4 cr, against all traitorous Conspiracies and, attempts whatsoever, which flail 1 be made against his Person; t Crown or dignity.n And I \yilh do my.'utmost Endeavour to difd ofe.and make kn.o\vh to.his Majesty, jand his Successors, all Treasons and traitorous Gohfpfrnciets 'which L shall know to be against him, ': or any of them. And I do faithfully promisev to the utmost of my.towe irit'o support, maintain and defend' 4 thcsuccession of the Crown against him; the said Jdmcs, Arid ajljotbbri Persons whatsoever, which Sue ceilion, by an Act, entitled, 'An asi 'for the' fui ihcf Lduhitatim of the' ceoivh, and better fccurtng, the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and birds' limited io; the Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protpstants.' and all these Things I doiplain -- jly and.sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to thefei exp refs.words by. me spoken, and according, to the plain apd common-sense and Underfbaniling of thei.same Words, '.without any Equ: vocation, mental eyafion ar see ret Reservation whatsoever And, I; do. males<this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Abjuration, 'Renunciation and projni fe iheartily, willingly and truly'; upon the true

Faith of a Ghriftian., fr: < J

So help me god.x -

Unto which Oaths so taken, every such Person so taking the same, shall subscribe, his Name, oris hs cannot write, shall make his Mark, and during, the Time, of taking the said Oaths, all Pleas and Proceedings in the Laid respectiv'e Courts shall cease; and all and every the said respective. Persons, and Officers, not having taken the said.oaths, 'and subscribed die.same, as aforesaid., shall on or before the twenty-third Day of Jatiuary 'next, at the General or Quarter Sessions for that County, Ridings Liberty, City, Borough", town corporate or Place, where he of they shall be, inhabit or rellde.on ths.hrtl: Day of December next, take the said Oaths in open Coiirt, between the said Hours of nine and twelve of the Clock in tile Forenoon, and subscribe his Name, or if he cannot write, make his Mark under the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every Person and Persons that shall be admitted, entered, placed or taken, into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive, any Pay, Salary, See or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, or shall have Command or Place of Trust from or under his majesty, or by Jus authority, 'or by Authority derived from him, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Islands of jersey and Giternfey, or that shall be admitted into any Service or Employment in his Majesty's h6uf ftiold or Family, or of his Royal Highness George Prince of jvahs, or of her Royal highness the Princess of Wales, or their iitue, and all Ecclesiastical Persons, Heads or Governors, of what Deno V itiation soever, and all other Members of Colleges and Halls in any University, that are or shall be of the Foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any Exhibition, being of, or as soon as they shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, ., and all Persons teaching or reading to: pupils in any University, or elsewhere, and all, Schoolmasters and Ufliers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, High or Chief Constables, and: e, very Person who, shall act as. Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Cldrk or notary, by practising in any Manner as such in any Court or Courts whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall, at any Time after the Tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, be admitted into, or enter upon any of the before mentioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices or Places, or shall come into any such Capacity, or shall take upon him orthemf any such Practice, Employment, or Business, as aforesaid, shall within three Months after he or they shall be admittedfintoj or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice, Office or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment, or Business, as aforesaid, take and fub iyvibe [he same Oaths in one of the said Courts at Wef muijhr, or at the General Quarter sessions of the County. City, 'or Place, where he or they shall reside.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 13. 33

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, aj pcir0ns in sot tveh Pcm as Commoners, who by virtue of any Act or Acts made since the Union of the two king hnd to tike doms, were bound to take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, subscribe the Assurance, and to take and, ht Caiti ouh signthe Oath of Abjuration, for or on account of any Office, Civil or Military, or any other Cause or': C Occasion, within Scotland, shall oil or before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and f?rjbt.' Ihc fifteen, take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration abovementioned, and shall take and subscribe the said Affijnnrr Oath of Allegiance, and subscribe the Assurance in the Words following, hidelic, t. following.

Jvliniftcrfc or the Church of Scotland favoured in relation to this Oalh# by 5 Geo. 1. c. 29. 6.

V A. Jl. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George.

So help me God

( y A.B. do, in the Sincerity of my Heart, assert, acknowledge and declare, That his Majesty King The Afluruiet*

J. George is the only lawful and undoubted Sovereign of this Realm, as well do Jure, that iss of Right,

King, as defaflo, that is, in the Possession and Exercise of the Government; and therefore I do sin

and faithfully promise and engage, That I will with Heart and Hand, Life and Goods, maintain and defend his Majesty's Title and Government, against the Person pretended to be the Prince of lYakr,

during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease, pretending to be, and taking upon him

the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of King of Great Britain, and his Adherents, and all other Enemies, who either by open or secret Attempts, shall disturb or disquiet his Majesty in the Pof

session and Excise thereof.'

And that in such Courts, and within such Times limited, before such Judges, in such Manner, and to be certified as in and by the several Acts generally abovementioned is directed.

IV. And whereas certain Doubts and Scruples have ariien concerning the Sepfe and Meaning of the

6 Ann. e, tj.'

the further regulating of footers in Elections of Members to ferye in Parliament; whereby it is enacted, That

every Person who shall refuse to take the Oath last therein before recited, or being a Quaker, shall re

to declare the eft edt thereof upon his solemn Affirmation, as directed by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, entitled, An An that the solemn 7 & 8 Wi

Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the ufiplc 3+*

harm, (which Oath or Declaration, the Sheriff, Tresident of the Meeting, or Chief Officer taking the Poll at any Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for any Place in Great Britain, or

Commissioners for ehoofing Burgesses for any Place in Scotland, at the' Requestof any Candidate, or other Person present at such Election, are hereby empowered and required tp administer) shall not be ea

of giving any Vote for the Election of any such Member to serve in the House of Commons for any Place in Great Britain, or of to choose a Burgess for any Place in Scotland; on account of which Words, some have pretended to vote in the Meetings of free Elections in Scotlandf at the choo sing of the President and Clerk of the Meeting, without taking the Oath mentioned in the last recited Act, whereby it has happened that Rolls of Electors have been unduly made up, and wrong Returns

made: And also whereas diverse of his Majesty's good Subjects, who have given convincing Marks of their Loyalty to his Royal Person and Government, have scrupled to take the said Oath, apprehending

that the Reference in the said Oath may be construed in some Respects to be inconsistent with the Establishment of the Church in Scotland according to Law, and to a Clause concerning Oaths to be imposed

Scotland after the Union, contained in the Act made in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, intituled, An Act for securing the Protestant Religion, and prejhyhrieh Church Government; which Act is declared to be a fundamental and essential Condition of the Treaty of

Union; To the End therefore that the said Scruples, and all Mistakes and Djvisions on account of the ['crfons; Scot' same may cease. Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall refuse to take the aforesaid Oath of Abjuration, or being a Quaker, shall refuse to declare theeffedt there rat; on of upon his solemn Affirmation, in manner aforesaid (which Oath and Declaration the Member last elee cirated to vote' ted for any County, of Stewartry in Scotland, or in his Absence the Sheriff or stewart's Clerk, until a per at Elections. son be chofbn to proceed (a) in the said Meeting, according to the Directions contained in the twenty ffirft Act of the third Parliament of King Charles the Second, held in Scotland, entitled, Apt concerning the "ll e ec°'*Election of Commissioners for Shires, and after such Choice the Person so chosen to proceed, or any Person chosen to proceed in any Meeting of any County or Stuartry there, in which Rolls for Elections shall happen to be made up, is hereby authorised and required to administer, at the Request of any Candidate or other Person present at such Meeting for Election, before or after the ehoofing of the President of the Meeting, or making up of the Rolls) shall not be capable of giving any Vote for the Election of a Prefi vot. V F dent

G. 13.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

dent of the Meeting, making up of the Rolls, or of any Member to serve in the House of Commons for anyplace in Scotland, qjj commissioner to ehoofe a Burgess for any Place there; and further, that by no Words in the said Oath' or Oaths, formerly imposed, contained, it is or was meant to oblige his majesty's laid Subjects to any Act or Acts any ways inconsistent with the Establishment of the Church of Scotland, according to Law.

Heads, e. of V And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Heads, Matters, and Membfers Colleges, C in of Colleges, Halls, or Classes in the Universities of St. Andrew, Glasgow, Aberdeen, and Edinburgh, and the oath's'0 tacea Probationers or Licentiates of Divinity, before they enter upon their Trials, or obtain Licences to preach, and all schoolrr.afters in Scotland, shall take and subscribe the aforesaid Oaths, and subscribe the aforesaid Assurance appointed to be taken for Offices, Civil and Military, and other Causes in Scotland, before such Judges, and obtain such Certificates, as in and by this Act, or the Acts whereunto, Relation is hereby had, directed -

to extend to VI Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Person now beyond the Seas,

Persons beyond who by virtue of this Act ought to take the said Oaths, so as such Person do, within three Months after

Sea. who take

fhft Oaths in three Months

his Return to Great Britain, take the said Oaths, and subscribe thereunto according to the Appointment o

this Act,

after they rc

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons, turn. aforesaid, that do or shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths, and subscribe thereto, as aforesaid, in.

Penalty of refu she said Courts and Places, and at the respective Times aforesaid, shall be ipso fa£io adjudged incapable, ing the Oaths. anj jjf^led in Lav, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeverj to haye, occupy or enjoy the said Office or.

Offices, Employment or Employments, or any Part of them, or any Matter or Thing aforesaid, or any. Profit or Advantage appertaining to them, or any of them; and every such Office or Place, Employment or Employments, shall be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

Penalty of aft - And be it further enacted j That all and every such Person and Persons" who shall neglect alid re uig as officers, fufc to take the said Oaths, within the Times, and at the Places aforesaid, and yet after fetch Neglect or vtk'en°thcoaths shall, by himself or themselves, his or their Deputy, or Trustee, execute any of the said Offices

'"'or Employments after the said Time is expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the said Oaths according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and being thereof lawfully convicted in pr upon any. Information, Presentment or Indictment, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or at the a'ffizes, M'upon Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary, or Circuits in Scotland, every such Person or Persons shall be disabled from thenceforth to sue or" use any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of "Law, or to prosecute any suit in any Court of Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Execht or or Administrator of any Person, or capable of any Legacy, or Deed of Gift, or to be in any" Office within th is' Realm of Great Britain, or to vote at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, aridshall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by hint or them that shall fuc for the same, to be'1 prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall lie, or any more than one Imparlance, and byway of summar Complaint before the Court of Sessions, or Prosecution before the court of Justiciary in Scotland..' 1,

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful, to and for the respective Courts aforesaid, to give and administer the Oaths aforesaid, to the Person and Persons aforesaid, and upon due Tender of any Person or Persons to take the said Oaths, the said Courts are hereby required and ehjoined to administer the same; for the taking and subscribing the said Oaths the proper Officer shall liavej takearid receive of every Person, so taking and subscribing the said Oaths, the Sum of two Shillings, and no more; of the taking and subscribing whereof a Register shall be kept in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, by the proper Officer, where the Names of all such Persons, who shall sake and subscribe the said Oath's, shall be fairly written, and when they took and subscribed the same, to which said Register any Person may resort, and inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for two or more Justices of Peace, C may tender or any other Person, Persons who shall be by his Majesty for that Purpose specially appointed, by or f'efled persons"c^ ex ^lc ^r*vy Council, or by Commission under the Great Seal, to administer and tender the Oaths fe e er "therein before appointed to be taken, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whom they shall or may suspect

to be dangerous or disaffedled to his Majesty or his Government; and if any Person or Persons to whom. the said Oaths shall be so fendred, shall neglect or refuse to take the same, such Justices, or any other

and cirtify the Person or Persons specially to be appointed, as aforesaid, tendring the said Oaths, shall certify the Refusal Refvfato the thereof jo the next, ter sessions of the County, Riding, Liberty, City, Borough, town corporate next ion, 'or Place' in which such Refusal ft tall be made; and the said Refusal shall be recorded arfiongst the Rolls of that Sessions, and shall be from thence certified by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, Liberty he thence ty; - City, Borough, Town corporate or Place, into his Majesty's Court of Chancery of king's'bench, certified in tyre Court of Sessions, or court of Justiciary in Scotland, there to be recorded amongst the Roils of the said Chmcery, tec. Courts, in a Roll or Rolls there to be provided and kept for that Purpose only, and that every Person so ileg cftins' of refucing to take the said Oaths, shall be from the Time of his Neglect or Refusalj taken, judged pouifiy esteemed and adjudged a Popish Recusant con vidt, and as such to forfeit and be proceeded against. flecufants con' And to the Intent and Purpose, that no Person. may avoid taking the several Oaths in this Act via. f particularly mentioned, upon any Pretence whatsoever - it further enacted by the Authority dfore

Punlftmertof fa; j That it shall and may be lawful unto and for two or more Justices of the Peace, or any'othei1 such Pylons rum Person

Persons taking the Oaths to pay 2, s. and a Register to be kept to enter their Names,

Two Justices,

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis.

Person or Persons, who shall be by this Majesty for that Purpose fp<

U lu I

Person or Persons, who shall be by this Majesty for that Purpose specially appointed, by Order in the n.oned by j j privy Council, or by Commission under the Great Seal, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to sum (?1CCS> 3150, C nion any Person to appear before them at a certain Day and Time therein to be appointed, to take the said Oaths, which Paid Summons shall be served upon such Person, or left at his dwelling house, or usual^'Place of Abode, with one of the Family there; and if such Person who shall be so summoned, negledfs or refuses to appear according to such Summons, that then upon due Proof to be made upon Oath of the serving the said Summons, which Oath such justices, or any other Person or Persons specially to be appointed, as aforesaid, are hereby enabled to administer, such Justices, or any other Person or Persons, specially to be appointed, as aforesaid, are hereby required to certify the same to the next General quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, Riding, Liberty, City, Borough, town corpov rate or place, there to be entered upon the Rolls of the said Sessions; and if such Person who shall be so summoned to take the said Oaths, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear and take the said Oaths at the said General Quarter sessions, the Names of the Persons so certified being publicly read at the firlh.

Meeting of the said Sessions, That then and in such Case such Person shall be taken, esteemed, and adjudged a Popish Recusant convict, and as such, to forfeit and be proceeded against as if such Person had actually refused to take the said Oaths; and the same shall be from thence certified by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, Liberty, City, Borough, town corporate, or Place, into his Majesty's High Court of Chancery or King's Bench, Court of Session, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, there to be recorded amongst the Rolls of the said Courts, in a Roll or Rolls there to be provided and kept for that Purpose only.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Head or Member of any Col Heads, a e. of lege or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or shall be of the Founda 90, es "» -

or that do or shall enjoy any Exhibition, being of (or as loon as he shall attain) the Age of eighteen cjmbrkfo/not Years, shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe the several Oaths in this at mentioned, according to taking the ? the true Intent and meaning of this at, or to produce a Certificate thereof, under the Hand of some Oaths, and the proper Officer of the respective Court, and cause the same to be entered In the Register of such College Person in wkora or Hall within one Month after his having taken and subscribed the said Oaths; and if the Persons in pje?!sh!of whom the Right of Election of such Head or Member shall be, do neglect or refuse to elect some other eiewng roni" 0 sitting or proper Person, in the Place or Stead of such Head or Member so neglecting and refusing to proper Person take and subscribe the said Oaths, as aforesaid, by the Space of twelve Months after such Neglect or.re in hplace, fufal, That then, and from thenceforth, it shall and may be lawful unto and for the King's moult excel the king nsy lent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Great Seal or Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint norr lnjle'l'c' some fitting Person, qualified according to the local Statutes of such College or Hall, to succeed to the Place of such Person who shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe the said Oaths; and that every Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall have and enjoy such Places to which he shall be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, to all Intents and purposes whatsoever, 'and all' Benefits, Privileges and Advantages to the same belonging and appertaining, as if such person had been elected and chosen by the pro per Electors of such College or Hall. V

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Head of any College or Hall in The King'* either of the Universities, or other Person or Persons lawfully authorised to admit, shall refuse orneglcdt bsnch may iilbe to admit such Persons so nominated and appointed under the Great Seal or Sign Manual, as aforesaid, byj mani^rn^to the Space of ten Days after such Admission, shall be demanded of him or them, who ought to make such^a pe Admission, to such Place as he 1 shall be nominated to, as aforesaid, That then and in such Case the local son so named. 'Visitor or visitors of such college or Hall is hereby authorised and required rto admit and place such Per' '

so nominated and appointed, to such Place as he shall be nominated to, as aforesaid, within the Space.,

of orie month after the same sit all be demanded of such Visitor; in case such Visitor shall neglect or, refuse to admit, as aforesaid, during the Space, of.one Month after the same is lawfully demanded of such -

Visitor That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, to

issue out a Writ of Mandamus to be directed to such Visitor or Visitors, to admit such Person to such Place,

'and to proceed upon the said W rit, according to the Course of the said Court in such Cases.

XIV. Provided always, That any Person who by any Negledhor Refusal according to this ay shall ?*c.er h:, vins lose or forfeit any Office, may be capable of a new Grant of the find Office, or of any other, and have of the

and hold the same again, such Person taking the said Oaths in such Manner as aforesaid, foas such Office aj3vn cn ta "e be not granted.to, or actually enjoyed by l'ome Person at the Time of re granting thereof. 1: f klr gnhc.oath

XV. Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to any Person in his7'his Majesty's service on board the Fleet, or to any Person whatsoever who shall go beyond the Seas before the V d

first Day of November next, so as such Person take the said Oaths, and subscribe thereunto, as aforesaid, ac sc'^foio foafi

"cording to' the Appointment of this at, within three Months after his Return. r, the Oathr

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep in three Months timber the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, no Person that now is, or hereafter after their re fhml be a Peer of this Realm, nr Member of the House of Peers, shall vote, or make his Proxy in the^ja S(, Dt 2[>, House of Peers, or sit there, during any.debate in the said House of Peers; nor any Person that now is, j^.nomemi vor hereafter filiall be a Member of the house of Commons, shall vote in the.koufe of Commons, orffitrber of either there during any Debate in the said House of Commons, after, their Speaker is cjiofen; until such Peer or Honfeof Par member hall, from Time to Time respectively take the Abjuration oath aforesaid, instead of the Oath of Abjuration which before by Law ought to have been taken, in such Manner, and together with such v

F 2 Otherhe h'ao<.ai: en

the Abjuration,

3 6 C 13

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Scat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Punishment of Members presuming to vote, C

This Act not to

C 2, 5 Car. s C z.

Stich Offices: n Scotland not forfeitable, but according to the Laws thi re.

other Oaths, and Declaration against Transubstantiation, as the said former Oath of Abjuration ought to have been taken.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person that now is, or hereafter shall he a Peer of this Realm, or Member of the House of Peers, or Member of the House of Commons, in this or any succeeding Parliament, and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September presume to vote, or make his Proxy, not having taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same, as aforesaid, every such Peer or Member To offending shall be disabled to sue, or use arty Action, Bill, Plaint, or information in any Court of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court of Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor or administrator Of any Person, or be capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, or to be in any Office within this Realm of Great Britain, or to vote at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, and Trail forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them that shall sue for the same, to be prosecuted by Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at tvejimin sler, wherein no Effioin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall lie, or any more than one Imparlance, and by way of summar Complaint before the Court or Sessions, or Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary in Scotland.

XVIII. Provided, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend, he judged, or cs of i°h A" 'nterprered to away or make void any Office of Inheritance, so as such Person or Persons having an tance if ade Office of Inheritance, do or shall substitute and appoint his or their Deputy or Deputies, and such Deputy or puty be substi Deputies shall qualify him or themselves, according to a Proviso in the Act made in the five and twenti tuted whn shall cth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers whkh may happen from Popish Rxcnfants, and so as such Deputy or Deputies dp likewise take and 'subscribe the Oaths it r. 2. anj this present Act required and expressed, and so as such Deputy or Deputies be, from Time to Time, approved of by the King's Majesty under his Privy Signet.

XIX. Provided that no Office of Inheritance in Scotland shall be forfeitable otherwise than according to the Laws now in Force there.

XX. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to the Office ef any Tithingman, headborough, Overseer of the Poor, Churchwardens, Surveyors of the Highways,

This Act not to or any like inferior Civil Office, or to any Office of Forester, or Keeper of any Park, Chase, Warren, office of any or Game, or Bailiff of any Manor or Lands, nor to any like private Offices, nor to any Person or Persons tithuigfmm^ having only any the before mentioned or the like Offices, for or upon account of such Offices only.

C °'XXI Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Per

Ncr to any who son who hath since his Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne, taken the Oaths of Allegiance and su r nh^since'h^ premacy, and the Abjuration Oath, in any of the said Courts at ivefbmnjler., or at the General Quarter Majesty's Ac" Sessions of the Peace, or in either Houses of Parliament, unless by reason of such person's having some cessionf except new Office or Employment, or his coming hereafter under some of the Qualifications which require the on account of taking the Oaths before mentioned, by virtue of this Act, or any other Law now in Being, frmenew Office.

XXII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That all Persons whatsoever, who by virtue of Persons oblige any jjaw jow; Being are or would be obliged, if this Act was not had or made, to receive the Sacrament according to the Usage of the Church of England, and to make and subscribe the Declaration against Transubstantiation or either of them, on any Occasion whatsoever, shall continue obliged, in all such Cases, to receive the said Sacrament, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, together with the Oaths appointed by this Act, in such Manner, and under such Penalties in case of Neglect, as is required by any former Law.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall, on or before the first Day of December next, take and subscribe the Oaths in such Manner as is appointed in this Act, and also receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the from all Penal Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the Declaration against Transubstantiation, in u, C those Cases where the Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, and has been neglected, shall be and are hereby indemnified from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred by any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the Oaths, or receiving the Sacrament, or subscribing the aforesaid Declaration, according to any former Act or Acts concerning persons in Offices or Places of Trust, and is, are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as before such Neglect or Omission.

whohavetaken

XXIV. Provided also, That all and every Person who has, at any Time since his Majesty's happy ac the Oaths, since cession to the Crown, taker, the Oaths, and taken and subscribed the Abjuration, and also subscribed the his Majesty's Declaration, and received the Sacrament, in such Cases where the Sacrament ought to have been received, Accession. and the said Declaration ought to have been subscribed, according to any Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trust, shall likewise be, and are hereby indemnified, as aforesaid, though the same has not been within the Time appointed by Law.

No Peron who

XXV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, who by reason of any such Neglect or omif has forfeited any fion hath or have left or forfeited any Office, Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment whatsoever, to Office, C shallwhich any other Person or Persons hath or have been preferred or promoted, shall be restored to such of lereftcredrf Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment; anything herein contained to the contrary not with

1 er Landing.

by any Law to receive the Sacrament, C shall continue obliged.

Persons taking the Oaths, C Wore Dec. 1, Indemnified

ancihei t mated.

XXVI

A.D. 1714. Anno pr mo Georgii r^gis. Stat. 2. C. 14. 37

XXVI. Provided always, That any Person or Persons who shall become Popish Recusants convict, pcpiftrccu w virtue of any 'Piling in this Act contained, and shall at any Time thereafter mice and subscribe the cm CI by Uadis, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and subscribe the Assurance, in such Manner, and

such Place, as is appointed by this Act, shall be and are hereby, from such Time discharged from such.|'n£t^oai Conviction.

XXVII. Provided always, That the Oath of Abjuration, and the Aftiirance in this Act contained, This Abjuration shall in all Cases be taken to be in lieu of the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance formerly ap, b. c.

lieu of the for

pointed. _ _ mcr>

XXVIII. And whereas in and by an Act of parliament made in the Inst Sessions of Parliament, and forta '

in the iirlt Year of his Maj, city's Reign, entitled, An del for the better Suppoit of his Ivlaj fly's llcirfhold, k..og. e i anil of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Eritam, it is enacted, That the Lord High Tree. tender r Coi.

lurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, should, and are thereby a, 4ti authorised and required, out of any Moneys granted or to be granted by Parliament, for the Use of the Public, forthwith to issue and pay the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds to any Person or Per soils, who should seize and secure the Person of the Pretender, whenever he fliculd land, or attempt to land in any of his maj.eily's Dominions; to the End that the Encouragement and Reward for a Service so important, may be rendered sure and effectual Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Preasury for the Time being, shall and are hereby authorised and required, out of any Moneys granted or to be granted by Parliament, to; the Use of the Public, forthwith to issue the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds to any Person or Persons, being Natives or Foreigners, who shall seize or secure, alive or dead, the Person of the Pretender, whenever he shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other his Majesty's Dominions; and if any of the Persons who have adhered to, or afliiled, or who shall adhere to, or assist the said Pretender, shall seize and secure him, as aforesaid, he or they who shall so seize and secure him, shall have his Majesty's gracious general Pardon, and shall also receive the said Reward, to be paid in Manner, aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Natives cr Foreigners, shall To p to the happen to be killed in seizing or securing, alive or dead, the Person of the said Pretender, as aforesaid, Execaron,?.. That then their Executors or administrators, or such Person or Persons, to whom the Right of Admini

firation of the personal Estate of each Person so killed shall belong, shall have and receive respectively. "im' same Share and Proportion of the fard one hundred thousand Pounds, as their several and respective testa tors or Intestates would have been entitled unto had they been living.

XXX. And it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to grant a Comm if Thi king may Aeon or Cernmissions, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to such Person or Persons as to him shall seem by Commission meet, to empower him or them to administer the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and of Abjuration,

; in this Act mentioned, to all and every Officer and Officers in his Majesty's Service, either by Sea cr ojfhttq offit e Land, and all and every Seaman and Seamen, and private Soldiers; and such Sea and Land Officers and eei5, sssme. j, a. C Seamen and Soldiers, are hereby enjoined and required to take the same, upon the Pains and Penalties in whole Kara, this Act mentioned in case of Refusal thereof and that upon taking the said Oaths such Officer and of-351 be rct, ft, r" ficers, Seamen and Soldiers, do subscribe the same upon a Roll to be kept by the Person or Persons who shall administer the same, which Roll such Personas hath or shall have the keeping thereof hall, on or be bag Office bcfoie fore the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, deliver into the Office of the Pet Ftk is, 1715. ry bag in the Court of Chancery, there to be kept upon Record.

XXXI. Provided always, That no Seaman or Soldier, under the Degree of a commileon or warrant noseaman..&c.

Officer, shall be obliged to payany See or Reward on taking the said Oaths. to pay any Fee.

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Office of the Lord No: to ", 'cnjc Great Chamberlain of England, so as the Lord Great Chamberlain for the Time being do or shall fiib/li Great 0 rate and appoint his lufficrent Deputy, who shall have taken the Oaths aforesaid y anything in this Act co chambcrlaim. the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twerv The same ab tietn Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the same Oath of Abjuration by this Actj, jrat'or, to be appointed to be taken in Great Britain, shall be the Oath of Abjuration to be taken in the Kingdom of'n4 Ireland, and no other; and that the Indemnities above mentioned be and are hereby extended to the said 1-1 Kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for making the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called "England more ufirful, and for obliging an annual Account to be made of Trophy money.

'*I. IT WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Yeas of the Reign of the Reciting rh late King Charles the Second, entitled. An Atifor ordering the Forces in the several Counties i+cax, a

this Kingdom, it was (amongst other Things) enacted. in case of Invasions, Insurrections or Re

hellions, whereby Occasion Ihguld be to draw out the Soldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the Eld

Act,

C 14

15 Car. s. C 4. IO & II !i'. 3, r. 12.

1 Ann. fiat, 1. C 23.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

The King may

Act, into actual Service, the Persons charged by the said Act with Horses, Horsemen and Arms, or with Soot soldiers and Arms, Should provide each their Soldiers respectively with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one month's Pay, as Should be in that Behalf directed by the respective Lieutenants of the several Counties, and in their Absence, or otherwise by their Directions, by their Deputies, or any three or more of them; for Repayment of which said Moneys, and for Satisfaction of the Officers for their Pay during such Time, not exceeding one Month, as aforesaid, as they shall be with their Soldiers in actual Service; it was thereby declared, That Provision Should be made for the same by his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, out of his or their public Treasury or Revenue; nevertheless, it was thereby further provided and enacted, That in case a month's Pay Should be provided and advanced, as aforesaid, no Person who Should have advanced his Proportion thereof, should be charged with any jol her like month's Payment, until he or they should be reimbursed the said month's Pay, and so from Time to Time, the said month's Pay by him or them last provided and advanced, as aforesaid: And whereas in the late War it was found necessary for the public Defence and Safety, to draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service, and to charge the said Persons to provide each their Soldiers respectively with Pay in Hand, although the month's Pay by several of them before that Time provided and advanced was not nor could be re rmbursed: And whereas it may be necessary for the public Safety and Defence of this Realm, to draw out the said Forces into actual Service, more particularly at this Time, when Tumults and Rebellions are some nted at Home, supported by Hopes of Assistance from a foreign Invasion, ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

orderrtemmtia Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

actu.il Service,

in England to be the Authority of the same, That if at any Time or Times hereafter it shall be found necessary by his ma drawn out imo jesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any of the Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, to draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service, and the same shall be declared and dignified to the respective Lieutenants or Deputy lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Cities and Places of that Part of Great Britain called England, and to the Lord warden of the Cinque ports, two ancient Towns and their Members, or in his Absence, to his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenants, or their Deputies, or for any two or more of them, and for the lord warden of the Cinque ports, two ancient Towns, and their.members, or in his Absence, for his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, in pursuance of such Orders from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and in the Manner prescribed by the aforesaid Act, notwithstanding one or more month's Pay already advanced, be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the said Soldiersinto actual Service, and to cause the Persons charged, as aforesaid, to provide each their Soldiers with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one month's Pay, in such Manner as if all their Pay already advanced and provided had been fully reimbursed and paid; anything in the said Act of the thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, or in any other subsequent Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it may so happen that the entire Militia of any County or Counties, within that Part of Great Britain called England, cannot be assembled and got ready to march in so short a Time, as Necessity may require, for the suppressing of Insurrections and Rebellion, or for repelling of Invasions:: 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, for the proper Persons empowered, a, s aforesaid, to raise, draw out and march such Part of the Militia of any City, Town, Borough, Riding, District or County, as they shall judge most ready, proper and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; the Pay and Expense advanced and laid out by the Persons chargeable to and for such Part of the Militia so employed, shall be repaid and made good to them, within the Space of six Months after such Money is advanced, by such persons chargeable to such Part of the Militia of any County, City, Riding or Place so employed, by an Assessment according to an equal Pound rate, to be laid and assessed throughout the whole. Comity, Riding, City or Place to which they belong, for the bearing the Charge of such Part of the Militia so called out, the said Pdund rate to be assessed upon and paid by such Persons, and in such Proportions, as they are chargeable to the Militia, according to such Directions as shall be given, from Time to Time, by the said respective Lieutenants, or their Deputies, or any two or more of them, who are hereby empowered and required to make and levy, and to cause to be made and levied such Assessment, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and by the like Ways and Means, as the Commissioners appointed in an Act of this present Session of Parliament, for collecting the land-tax granted to his Majesty, are empowered to make and levy the affect ment for the said land-tax.

III. And whereas the Arms and Accoutrements directed to be provided for Horse and Foot Soldiers of the Militia, by former Acts of Parliament, are in a great measure become useless; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Lieutenants, and their Deputies, C 'o. ^.7. me in that Part of Great Britain passed England, to cause and oblige, the several Persons chargeable to the mi liemenantsj&c. litia, to provide for every Horse and Horseman, a Broad Sword, a Case of Pistols, the Barrels whereof to ft.iii appoint the be twelve Inches, long, and a Carabine with Belt and Bucket, a great Saddle or Pad with Burrs and Straps,

The Persons charged to provide their Soldiers with Pay, n, or exceeding one Month's vpay. 13 14

Car. 2. C 3. The Militia of any City, C to march, for supprcfiing In jfurre&ions, &c. The Pay advanced to be repaid in six Months.

Accoutrements and Arms to be provided.

By9 Geo. 1.

7. the

Length, &c. of ihemuikets, Ac,

a Bitt and Bridle with Pectoral and Crupper f and for every Foot Soldier a Musket, the Barrel whereof to be five Fopt long, the trage of the bore for Bullets of twelve to the Pound, with, a Bayonet, to fix on the Muzzle thereof, a jcartolich box, and a Sword, under, the same Penalties, 'and by the same Ways and Means, as they might have compelled the Did Persons to have provided arms.befo're' for their Soldiers, by virtue of any former Act or Acts; anything in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 14, 39

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Money as hath been or shall be raised as for trophy rcce!vert of Money, by virtue of any Law relating to the Militia of England, the Person or Persons receiving the same ^cmontuir* shall and are hereby required to account for the same, before the Justices of the Peace at some General, he same! ° Quarter sessions of the Peaee in the respective County, Riding, Division, City or Place (that is to say)

For such Money as is already received on or before the first Day of February next, and for.such Moneys as shall he received hereafter, within twelve Months after the Receipt thereof, and to pay the Balance which shall be found due by the Justices on such Account within the Space of one Month then next ensuing, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, Cleric or Clerks, for the Time being, appointed to receive and pay the Moneys to be levied by virtue of any the said Adds relating to the Militia, or in Default thereof the Person or Persons so receiving such Money shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum unaccounted for or unpaid, the Penalty for not one Moiety to the Use: of the respective County, Riding, Division, City or Place, as such Justices shall ac°°umine' appoint, the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint 6r Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Protection, Essoin or Wager of Law mail be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

V. And be it ertadtedby the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall be appointed Trca^, rers.to Treasurer or Treasurers, to receive and pay the Moneys to be levied by virtue of this Add for the Use of the s've Secun, y militia, shall within three Months after his or their said Appointment, give such Security for the due Execution of the said Office before three or more Deputy lieutenants of the respective County, Riding, Division, City or Plaee, as shall be by them approved; and such Person or Persons as are already appointed Treasurer or Treasurers for the said Purposes, shall give the like Security on or before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, '

VI. And whereas finee the thirteenth Day of February which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and eighty eight, several Clerks have been employed under the Lieutenants, or their Deputy lieutenants, 'in Affairs relating to the Militia, which Clerks or others have in their Hands or Power respectively, several Books or other Papers concerning the same, and which are or may be of Use in Execution of the Powers contained ih this Act:; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lieutenants, and the Deputy lieutenants of any Former Clerks, County, City, Riding, Town or Plaee in England, tfalcs, or Berwick upon Tweed, or any two or more&r to deliver of them, upon Information that any such Books or Papers are in the Hands or Power of any such ccois< c former Clerk or other Person, to issue' their warrant, requiring such former clerk or other Person or Persons, to deliver the same to such Clerk or Personas in such Warrant or Warrants shall be named; and if such former Clerk or Person so required shall refuse or negledi to deliver such Book or Books, Penalty of recti paper or Papers, according to such Warrant, within ten Days after such Demand thereof, or do not within to deliver ten Days after such Demand make Oath before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, affirming, that such thera book or Books, Paper or Papers, are not in his, her, or their Power, or if such Clerk or Person, being a.

jlhiaker, do not make an Affirmation to the same Purpose, which Oath and Affirmation shall be delivered to the Lieutenant, or Deputy lieutenants who sign the said Warrants, or one or more of them, then every such Person so refulingor neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, the one Moiety to the Use of the respective County, Riding, Division, City or Place, in such Manner as such Justices shall appoint, the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Protection,

Essoin, Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord warden of the Warden, a e. of Cinque ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, Cinque pons shall and may put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns and Members, all the Powers and Autho p^tcr'a rities given and granted by this Act, and to execute and perform all and every the Things therein, aeon li^utenanu of tained, in the like Manner as the respective Lieutenants of he Counties, and their Deputies may do; and Counties, that the Inhabitants of the said Ports, Towns and Members, being in regard of their Situation on the Sea Inhabitants of Coast, charged with a greater Proportion of Arms and armed Men than other Parts of the Kingdom, shall j'^cinqoe poits not be charged with Arms or armed Men in the Counties adjacent for their Estates there lying, save only "j.

for such Proportion as they are liable unto, and either are not, or shall not be charged with within the said counties for Ports, Towns and Members; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise not with their Estates, there.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to takeaway any Right of this.aaftail the Lieutenant, of the City of London, of assessing, levying and collecting of all Rates and Assessments

upon the Inhabitants of the said City, and the Liberties thereof, or any other Right or Power which is Lieutenants of now vested in the Lieutenants of the said City by any former Act or Acts of Parliament. London; '

IX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be consti ued to extend Nor charge sny to make any Person chargeable to the Militia, that is not already chargeable by Law to the same, or top rfons, not al" enlarge the Power of the Lieutenants, or their Deputies, in any Kind beyond the Authority already given

them by the Acts of the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth Years of King Charles the Sec -- 1'"

by the Adds of the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth Years of King Charles the Second relating the powct.of to the Militia, saving only in the particular Cases expressly directed and provided for by this present Add;

and that no Person who is by this Act chargeable to the Militia, shall be obliged at. any Time or Times ta hereafter to advance more than one month's Pay to any Korfe or Foot Soldier, till fuel! Time as '

month's Pay by such County, City, Riding or Place, so to be advanced, shall have been repaid and pay '1"

made good to such County, City, Riding or Place, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, out of his or thdir public Treasury or Revenue.

X

40 C 15. Anno primo Georgii Regia. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Part of the Art X Provided always, That the Power, and Authority hereby given to raise, draw eut or march Part of

fi?c°ycm'&c. ie Militia of any County, City or Place, shall have Continuance only for and during the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. [By Q Geo. i. C 8. §- 6. hirthn proxhis Act is revived for seven Years. See q Geo. i. C 8. S. 7.}

Jt JHJ relating 7 Y' '

terete, 7 Ufa 2« C 23. 30 Geo. 2. c. 25. 31 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. e 20. 33 Geo. 2. r. 2, 22, fif 24.

CAP. XV.

An Act to make an Act of the tenth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for regula ting, improving and encouraging of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broadcloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Act of the seventh Year of her said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of wool len Cloth made in the County of York.

Ann. r. rs. C I. WHEREAS an Act passed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Bread cloth, and for the hitter Payment of the Poor employed therein, hath proved ineffectual to prevent the Abuses committed in making and mealtiring the said Cloth, to the great Disresputation of the said Manufactture abroad, nd l' Discouragement of the good Makers and fair Dealers therein For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, all mixed or medley Broad how Broadcloth shall at the Infiance and Request of any Buyer, for Proof thereof, be put into Water, (as by ancient cloth dull bs Custom they usually were) and then measured by any two indifferent Persons to be appointed and chosen,

1tfistv C j one ky tie ^uyert ah another by the Seiler of the said Cloth, and in case they disagree in ascertaining the is.'J' J Length and Breadth of the said Cloth, then the said Admeasurement shall be made by a third Person, chosen 27 Ed. 3. got. and nominated by the said two Persons appointed as aforesaid; in case the said two Persons shall neg { 4- left or refuse, within the Space of two Hours, to choose or nominate such third Person, or if such third

IC I ^>cr^on so chosen shall neglect or refuse to take upon him the Admeasurement of the said Cloth, at the 17 ir ziv. av Request of thcseller or Buyer thereof, then such Admeasurement (if in London) finally shall be made and n Ed. 4. C i. determined by the Keeper of Blackwell hall, who shall be sworn before some Justice of the Peace (which 7 Ed. 4. f. 2 Justice is hereby empowered to administer such Oath) That he will well and truly perform such Measuring, Te' b ard be obliged to act for that Purpose, and the Admeasurement so made shall be conclusive on all Parties,

3 H. 7! C II an accordingly be the Rule of Payment to the Buyer; and if elsewhere than in London, the said Cloth strali be measured by any two indifferent Persons, as aforesaid, and in case they disagree therein, or refuse to make such Admeasurement, or neglect or refuse to appoint a third Person for such Admeasurement, as aforesaid, then a fit Person shall be nominated and appointed by the Chief Magistrate or Chief Officer of such City, Town or Place, where the said Cloth shall happen to be sold, which said Magistrate or Chief" Officer, as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and required to appoint and swear such Person, which Person so appointed shall be and is hereby obliged to be sworn, and to act for the Purpose aforesaid, which said Person or Persons determining the Measure of the said Cloth shall have and receive sixpence, and no more, for each Piece of Cloth which shall be by him or them so measured, to be paid by the Buyer of the said Forfeiture for a Cloth; and if upon such Admeasurement, as aforesaid, there shall be found a lei's or fnialler Content or lef, quantity Quantity of Cloth in Length, or the greatest Part of the Breadth, than is mentioned in the Seal or Sealsltij, er'? hc1sth directed by the said former Act, to be fixed to such Cloth by the Master, Occupier or Millman of the mentioned in n Fulling mill; in every such Case, every Clothier, Owner or Seller of such Cloth, shall forfeit and pay the Seal. the sixth Part of the Value of every such Cloth, to the Uses as is afterwards herein provided for by this

To be paid by Act; and the said Forfeiture shall be paid by the Buyer, and by him deducted out of the Price of the said the Buyer, an t Cloth so found to be wanting in Measure, as aforesaid, upon Payment of the same, upon a Certificate t)eeuprife°ut f tl lcreo^ made by any of the said Persons or Person tneafuring the same, and upon such Persons or Person aforesaid making Oath thereof before any Justice of Peace, which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer, and thereof to give the said Person or Persons a Certificate without To be repaid by See or Reward; and all such Sums of Money which the Clothier, Owner or Seller of any such Cloth. forfeit and pay upon account of such fraudulent Seal of the Master, Occupier or Millman of the Mille who fiiedeulling mill, being fixed to the Hid Cloth, shall upon Demand be repaid by the said Master, Occupier or the Seal. Millman of the Fulling mill, who affixed the said Seal, to such Clothier, Owner or Seller of such Cloth;

anything to the contrary notwithstanding.

Master of aful

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth of sep ling mill refu temher one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, if any Owner, Master, Occupier or Millman of any Oath dirccbed by Fulling mill, shall refuse or neglect to take the Oath by the said recited Act directed to be taken by the jo Ann. C 16. Owner, Master or Occupier of such Fulling mill, for his true Performance of Admeasurement of mixed or to sin a Seal, or medley Broadcloth, or to fix a Seal of Lead at the head end of every mixed or medley Broadcloth, before it is carried from the Mill, mentioning his Name, and the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth in Figures, or to enter in a Book to be kept by such Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman, a fair and

due

a

4i

due Register or Entry of the Marks, Sort, Number, Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, or if any Person or Persons shall afterwards take off such Seal, or deface, counterfeit or alter the same, or add anj Person. ta any other Seal before the Cloth is sold, except the Millman who milled the said Cloth, or some other king eff, oral sworn Millman, who is in that Case also to register the same, in Manner aforesaid, every Person or Persons crl"s» c fucl1 so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit ca' nesses, hail for every such Neglect or Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and f0ifc; t 401. distributed as is afterwards provided for by this Act, which Forfeitures shall be taken and accepted in discharge of the Forfeiture of twenty Shillings a Cloth that may be incurred by such Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman, by virtue of the said recited Act, in case of such Neglect or Refusal of fixing or taking off such Seal, or defacing, counterfeiting or altering the Figures thereof; any 'Filing herein contained, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And to the End there may be one and the same Method or Manner of measuring mixed or medley A Table to be Broadcloth Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth provided in of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the Master or Hall keeper of blacku ell hal, at the " ^, eafua.' '

Costs and Charges of the Governors of christ's hoj pital, shall have in some convenient Place within the clods in

said Hall, one Fable or Board confuting of thirty Yards in Length, to each of which Yards shall be London, added one Inch, which shall be used instead of that called the thumb's Breadth, so that each Yard shall consist of thirty seven Inches, and shall be distinguished by a Nail, or other proper Mark along the said Table or Board, and three Foot wide at leaf!, whereon the said Cloth shall be doubled or creffed, and laid plain the full Length, to prevent any Dispute in respect of such Admeasurement by the Yard, where the said Admeasurement of any mixed or medley Broadcloth (if in London) by and upon the said Table so to be placed there, shall be made and determined, as aforesaid, and the said Cloth shall, at the re quest of the Seller, or his Agent, be there put into Water, into proper Cisterns to be provided for that Purpose before such Admeasurement shall be made.

IV. And to prevent all undue Convictions by Surprise, or otherwise be it further enacted by the The Buyer to Authority aforesaid, That the Buyer of mixed or medley Broad clothes, by himself, his Agent or Servant, give Notice to within six Days after Delivery thereof to the Buyer, shall give two Days Notice to the Seller or his Factor, the Seller, when of the Time when such Cloth is, for Proof thereof, to be wetted and tried by the Water, unless it be by 1310

the Consent of the Buyer and Seller, or their respective Agents, signified in Writing, in which Case, less" " Notice shall be efficient; and in case the Seller, or his Factor or Agent, doth not appoint an indifferent Person as aforesaid, or doth refuse or neglect to attend the Admeasurement of the said Cloth, which And if the sd shall be made sometime within the Space of eight Days after Delivery, as aforesaid, then the Buyerlcr do rotator his Agent, may proceed in the Absence of the said Seller or his Agent, to prove the said Cloth by the tend i116 B, "{cr Water at Blackwell hall; and then the said Keeper of Blackwell hall shall proceed to take the Measure ov/thrc!oth, thereof on the Table, as aforesaid, and finally to adjudge and ascertain the true Measure and Contents of and the Keeper' the same, and thereof to make a Certificate, which Certificate, as also the other Certificates, which may ofbiackwdi be made in Manner aforesaid, shall, within ten Days after such Admeasurement taken, be filed with Idal1 to measure the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such Admeasurement shall be taken, which Certificate or Certificates such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to file among the Records of such of the trw County or Place, and for so doing shall receive only one Shilling; and such Certificate or Certificates be measure; ing so filed, as aforesaid, shall be the Rule of Payment to the Buyer, and shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a sufficient Conviction of the Party or Parties offending, so as to make him, her or them forfeit which shall he and pay, as aforesaid; an attested Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, such Clerk of the Peace, »convictmn f or his Deputy, is hereby obliged to give to any Person or Persons demanding the same, for which he 0

shall receive one Shilling, and no more; which attested Copy, as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby de to be a sufficient Authority to enable the Clothier, Owner or Seller of any mixed or medley Broadcloth, to demand of the Master, Owner or Occupier, or Millman, the Forfeitures deducted out of the Price of any the Clothes aforesaid, for want of Length or Breadth, contained in the Seal or Seals as aforesaid; and upon Refusal of Payment, the said Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman, shall be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures, as afterwards is herein provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all mixed or medley Broad AH Brond clothes which shall be exposed to Sale in England (other than Cloth made before the Commencement of clothes shall be this Act) shall be stamped with the Watch measure thereof on the Seal of the Master, Owner, Occupier jh^wacch or Millman of the Fulling mill, by whom the said Cloth was wetted, fulled and milled; and every Measure. Clothier selling or putting to Sale any of the said Broadcloth, before such Time as all and every of cloth.felling the same Clothes shall be l'ealed and stamped, as aforesaid, on which Seal shall be specified the Name of the before sealed and said Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman of the Fulling mill, together with the Contents of the said

Cloth in Length and Breadth, and marked with the distinguishing Mark of a Crown, which said Mark ^5 of the shall be stamped on the Rivet of the said Seal, shall forfeit and pay the sixth Part of the said Cloth, cloth, to be levied, paid and disposed of, as is afterwards herein provided for by this Act, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all mixed or The Buyer to medley Broad clothes, made or to be made before the Commencement of this Act, may, for Proof pay no more for thereof, be wetted and tried by Water at the Request of the Buyer, as aforesaid; and if the same Clothes made te shall be found upon the Proof thereof, by any two indifferent Persons to be chosen, one by the Buyer, u lviheufe and another by the Seller, or by the third Person by them to be chosen, or by the said Keeper ofjms three

Vol. V G Blackwell of; and the

4-2

Clothier not liable to any Penalty for short Mejfure,

0; t?nces to be determined by Justices of the Peace.

How the Forfeitures shall be disposed.

To be levied by Di ft refs in case of Refofal to

jprosecution in 40 Days,

Per fens sued may plead the General ih utv&c. and hall recover treble Colls,

To be deemed a public A,

Persons aggrieved by the Justices Order may appeal to the seffions, whose Determination shall be final; and they hall allow Costs to the Party aggrieved. This Art shall not a fie a any Factor. Clothiers, C to pay their Workmen in Money, on Forfeiture of 40 s.

8 So9W. 3.

None but the Owner of the Cloth unfaasiicd

C 15. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714

Blackwell hall, as aforesaid, to contain a lets or smaller Content in Length or Breadth than is contained or specified in every the Seal or Seals of the Mailer, Owner, Occupier or Millman of the Fulling mill or Fulling mills, then the said Buyer or his Agent shall be obliged to accept of the said Clothes, and pay no more than for the true Contents thereof ascertained and settled by the said Measurement, as aforesaid, and the Clothier, Owner or Seller, shall not be subject to any Penalty for such short Measure; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act shall be heard and determined by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town or Place where the same shall be discovered, or where such Offender doth inhabit, such Justice or Justices being not concerned in the Matter of the said Complaint, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered and required to administer: And that all and every the said Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall happen by virtue of this af, shall be distributed and paid, after the Charges of such Conviction being first dechidled, if in London, to the Use and Benefit of ckrijvs hospital, if in any other Place, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where the Offence shall be discovered; in case any Offender shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Penalties and Forfeitures, being lawfully demanded, by the Space of thirty Days next after the Conviction for such Offence, as aforesaid, or in case the Owner, Master, Occupier or Millman, shall refuse or neglect to repay the Forfeiture for want of sufficient Length or Breadth of Admeasurement, as aforesaid, that then (and not before) it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction was made, or where such Owner, Master, Occupier or Millman doth inhabit, and such justice or Justices is and are hereby required to issue out one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to the Constable or Constables of the Parish, Town or Place where such Offender shall inhabit or can he found, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner, and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, there to be kept to hard Labour for and during the Space of three Calendar Months.

VIII. Provided always, That all Offences committed against this Act, saving in the case of the Owner, Master, Occupier or Millman, upon Refusal or Neglect of Repayment of the Forfeitures for want of sufficient Length or Breadth in Admeasurement, as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted within forty Days after the Offences are committed or discovered.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, by this Act authorised to put the same in Execution, all and every Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or a Verdict to pass against him, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his or their treble Colls, for which he and they shall have like Remedy as in Cases wherein Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and this Act shall be taken and allowed a public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special pleading the same.

X Provided always, That if any Person or Persons find him or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices, upon any such Conviction before him or them, as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding or Corporation, where such Conviction shall be made, giving sufficient Notice of such Appeal; and the Determination of such Justices in such Sessions shall be final, and the said Justices shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in other Cases of Appeals from the Orders of any Justice or Justices of the peace to the Quarter sessions.

XI. Provided, That nothing herein contained, or any the Penalties or Forfeitures which by means of this Act may be incurred, shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any Factor or his Agent, who shall be only employed in the Sale of mixed or medley Broadcloth.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, every Clothier, cloth worker, cord maker, or any other Person concerned in the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, shall make Payment in Money to all and every Person and Persons any ways employed or concerned in the said Woollen Manufacture, for all Work to be done in relation thereunto, and shall not in lieu of Payment in Money, impose upon or deliver to them, any or either of them, any Sort of Goods or Wares whatsoever for such Work; and in case any Person or Persons shall in lieu of Payment in Money, so impose upon or deliver unto any Workmen or poor Labourers, any Goods or Wares whatsoever for, in lieu of, or instead of Money, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner as in and by this Act is directed.

And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth and ninth Years of his late Majesty King jvtlliam the Third, intituled, An Act to restore the Market of Blackwell hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the Factors there, it is, amongst other Things, provided and enacted, That if the Owner of the Cloth shall neglect to sue for any of the Penalties and Forfeitures he shall be entitled to by Virtue of the said Act, by the Space of six Months next after the Offence committed, then it shall and may be lavrful foi any other Person to sue for and recover the same; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use

of

3

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 16, 17. 43

C of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer; which general Liberty ofhi.il! Cue the suing hath, by Experience, been found to be very prejudicial be it therefore enacted by the Authority Factor for not aforesaid, That no other Person than the Clothier, or Owner of Cloth unsatisfied, shall be capable of suing'; <; r, 7n'!inte the Factor, on account of not demanding Notes pursuant to the said Act; anything therein contained j &quw" t to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that no Prosecution shall be brought or commenced fore9arty the Penalties or Forfeitures mentioned in the said Act, or by Virtue thereof, by any Person or Persons, r, Tcciti rs f: r unless such Prosecution shall be commenced or begun within twelve Months next af.cr the Offence p! na: V ba committed. 'raft to to

bc^un in 12 Months after ihs Oftlnrc.

XIV. Provided always, That anything herein before contained shall not be construed to extend to This Act di ll any Cloth made or manufactured within the County of York; or to repeal or any wise invalidate any of"01 extend to the Authorities mentioned or contained in an Ach made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made r'c'

III. the County ofscorlc. Authorities in

XV. And for making the same Act more effecti[al, > Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, the Act of That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, all 7 Ann. C 13. Sorts of Yorkshire Clothes, called Whole thick Kerseys, Whole thick Plains, Huggabags and Broken quilted rjrerfa; di of Kerseys shall not be made under eighteen Yards in Length, and not less than three Quarters and an half in Yorkshire Breadth by the Standard Yard wand, when fully wet, and shall be contented and feaied in such Manner clothes, Kerseys, as Yorkshire Clothes are directed to be by the same Act, under the Penalties therein mentioned; and that if ?<' any Clothier or other Person hall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, offer or expose to Sale Forfeiture for any of the aforesaid Yorkshire Clothes, which shall be made after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, clothes and not made according to the same Length and Breadth, and be thereof convicted in such Manner as Of Lengths fenders against the same Act are to be convicted, he shall, for every Inch the said respective Yorkshire Clothes shall be less than the said Breadth, and for every Half yard they shall be less in Length than eighteen Yards, as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and that if any Person shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, stretch or train any of the aforesaid Yorkshire Clothes when wet, and for nver scoured and milled, more than one Inch in every Quarter of a Yard in the Breadth, or more than Half Wretch ing them, Yard in every eighteen Yards in Length, and so proportionably, or hall offer or expose to Sale any of the said Yorkshire Clothes, or any other Yorkshire Clothes mentioned in the same Act that shall not be contented or feaied in such Manner as Yorkshire Clothes are by the same Act directed to be contented and feaied, every such Person so offending in any of those Cases, and being thereof so convicted, as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and that if any Maker of any Yorkshire Cloth, or f ring a Murk or other Person concerned in that Manufacture, shall at any Time after the said twenty-ninth Day of Sep other than his timber, six, or caused to be fixed, any Mark upon his Cloth, whereby to distinguish the Maker thereof, own other than his own Chriilian Name and Surname, and Place of his Residence, or the first Letters of such Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, ail which said respective Forfeiture?, how Forfeitures in relation to Yorkshire Clothes shall be levied and paid in such Manner, and to such Uses, as to be recovered. Forfeitures incurred by the same Act are to be levied and paid, and any Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid relating to Yorkshire Clothes, upon whom such Forfeitures cannot be levied for want of sufficient Distress, shall be liable to such Imprisonment and hard Labour, for such Time, and in such Manner, as Offenders against the same Act are (for want of such Distress) made liable to.

XVI. Provided always, That the Penalties incurred by reason of the same Act, or of this Act, in Penalties to any Matters relating to Yorkshire Clothes, be inflicted within twenty-one Days next after the Offences pfi!ff, are committed or discovered; that if any Person finds himself aggrieved by any Order or Warrant oiilncc." made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon any such Conviction, as aforesaid, in any Matters relating to Yorkshire Clothes, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Appeal tothr Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding or Corporation where such Conviction shall made, giving sufficient Notice of such Appeal, and the Determination of such Justices in such sessionsfii^ibe fina)0" shall be final; and the said Justices shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party, on whose Behalf such with Coils and Appeal shall be determined as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual Charges, in other Cases of Appeals from the Orders of any Justices of the Peace to the Quarter sessions. Farther Pn

injiota relating

hereto, 1 Geo. 1. stat. 2. C 41. 11 Geo. 1. c. 24. 7 Geo. 2. c. 25. 11 Geo. 2. c. 28. and 14 Geo. 2. c. 35.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the Attainder of Henry Viscount Bolingbroke of High Treason, unless he shall render himself to

Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Attainder of fames Duke of Ormonde of High Treason, unless he fa all render himself t>s

Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

PR.

C 13,

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbets in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England.

Si Car. 2. C 7. IX Car. 2. C 2.

FJ. t.jl. i

47-

Atler 29 Sept. 1 1715. no Fish taken by So

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good Laws made for the Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery in that Part of this Kingdom called England, particularly an Act of Parliament e made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Erode; and one other Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, many Evasions have of late Years been invented and practised, whereby that useful Design has been very much obstructed, and more especially by the fraudulent Practises of diverse Persons trading in Eng If Smacks, and other Vessels, who when they are off at Sea, buy great Quantities of Fish caught by Foreigners, and import and market the same in this Kingdom, to the great discouragement and Impoverishment of his Majesty's Subjects, and manifest Detriment of the Fishery and Navigation For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one

rcignersj except thousand seven hundred and fifteen, no Herring, Cod, Pilchards, Salmon or Ling, fresh or salted, dried Protestantsin or bloated, nor any Grill, Mackerel, Whiting, Haddock, Sprats, cost fish, gull fish, Congers, nor any

habiting in

England, shall be imported into

Sort of flat fish, nor any other Sort of fresh Fish whatsoever, shall be imported into, sold or exposed to Sale, in that Part of this Kingdom called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or received from

this Kingdom, any Foreigner or Foreigners, or out of any Stranger or Strangers Bottom, except Protestant Strangers inhabiting within this Kingdom, nor shall any Person or Persons give or exchange any Goods or other Things in exchange for any Sort of Fish so taken, as aforesaid.

Every Matter

II. And be it further enacted, That every Matter or Commander, for the Time being, of any Smack,

cof any Hoy, Yager, Boat, Ship, or other Vessel, in which any Fish shall be imported or brought to Shore, con

Smaek, cm trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, being thereof lawfully convicted upon his Appearance, ibaith/import or Default made after due Summons, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, ed, shall forfeit City, or Place where the Offender shall reside or be found, by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, 20l. to be levied which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby empowered and required to adfninifter, shall forfeit for by Distress; every Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any be; and in Default of Payment of er fuller 12 the said twenty Pounds, or sufficient Distress, the same Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offen mont ns impri der to the common Gaol of such County, City, or Place, there to suffer Imprisonment during the Space

fonment,

This Act shall not extend to prevent the importing of Eels, C

The meshes of Nets to be of the Size of 3 Inches and an

of twelve Months.

III. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to prevent the importing, buying, or exposing to Sale any Eels, stock fish, Anchovies, Sturgeon, Botarge, or ca vear.

IV. And whereas of late Years the Breed and Fry of sea fish has been greatly prejudiced and destroy ed by the using of Nets of too small size or Mesh, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practises; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of September one thou in and an fan even hundred and sixteen, if any Person or Persons shall use at Sea, upon the Coast of that Part of Half' from Knot Great Britain raised England, any traul net, drag net or set net whatsoever, for the catching of any Knot, kind of Fish (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, or Lavidnian) which hath any Mesh or Moke of

except fm catch, less Size than three Incites and Half at lead from Knot to Knot, or which hath any false or double bot ing of Herrings, t01tlj Cod or Pouch, or shall put any Net or Nets, though of legal Size or Mesh, ujton or behind the, any others, in order to catch and destroy the small Fish which would have passed through any single Net of three Net, tho' of Inches and Half Mesh, all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit all and singular such legal Size, be Net or Nets, soused contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and also for every such Offence the put behind?.no Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered and levied in such Manner and Cp^Form as the Penalty above infiidted upon the Matter of any Vessel, wherein Fish shall be imported contra forffit urc there ry to this Act, is above directed to be recovered and levied; and in Default of Payment of the said twenty Pounds, or of sufficient Distress, the Offender to be imprisoned in like manner, during the Space of twelve Months. —

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in this Act, except Nets of illegal or false Bottoms, Cods or Pouches, as aforesaid, (all. necessary Charges for the 'Recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be distributed and disposed of in manner following, (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the parish.wheje such Offence shall be committed,

VI

of, and 20l to be recovered as above.

One Moiety to the Informer, the other to th Poor,

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat 2.

C

45

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and provided, That where any illegal Nets of lef, Mtfh or Moke i: icg«t:; «> to than three Inches and Half at leaf!: from Knot t > Knot, or of false or double Bottom, Cod or Poach, shall be bjrr.t. be proved as aforesaid, to have been forfeited, such Net or Nets shall, by Warrant of such Justice or Justices be publicly burnt.

VII. And for the further Preservation of the Paid Fry of Fish, ' Be it enacted by the Authority afore Penalty of k. Paid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thou !ins "'.size.btc sand seven hundred and fifteen, bring to Shore in that Part, of Great Britain called England, fell, offer or .^4, 'Qt, expose to Sale, or shall exchange for any other Goods, Matter, or Thing, any unfize.tbic Fish, that is to' say, Bret, Turbet, Brill, or Pearl, cocuin, Whiting, Mullet, Bass, Place, Soles, or Flounders, which J shall not be of the several Lengths or Sizes following, from the Eyes to the utrnofl Extent of the Tail,

(viz.) every Bret or Turbet, sixteen Inches; every Bril! or Pearl, fourteen Inches; every Codlin, twelve Inches; every Whiting, six Inches; every Bass and Mullet, twelve Inches; every Sole eight Inches; every Place or Dab, eight Inches; and every Flounder, seven Inches; all and every Person and persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit all and every such unfizeable Fish so brought on Shore, sold, offered, or exposed to sale, or exchanged, as aforesaid, to the Poor of the Parish cr Place where such Offence shall be committed, and also shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and to be levied and recovered as other Penalties by this Act inflicted are duelled to be levied and recovered; and in Default of Payment of the said Forfeiture, or of fuss.cient Distress for Satisfaction thereof, the Offender shall, by Warrant of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, be sent to the next House or Houses of Correction, or other common Gaol or Prison of any County, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be severely whipped, and kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Days, and not longer than fourteen Days.

VIII. Provided always, That where any Person shall suffer Imprisonment pursuant to this Act, for any Persons sufferin*.

Offence contrary hereunto, in Default of Payment of, or sufficient Distress for any Penalty hereby impo imprisonment fed; such Person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.

IX. Provided also, That no Person shall suffer any Punishment for any Offence committed against this prosecution in Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced within one Month after such Offence committed; 'one Month. j anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of King William, the Third, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish, the Importation of Lobsters and Turbets in Foreign Vessels is prohibited: And whereas the said Prohibition has made Lobsters and Tur bets much dearer than they were before the passing the said Act; 'For Remedy whereof, and for the better supplying this Kingdom with Lobsters and Turbets at reasonable Rates, Be it further enacted by the Lobsters and Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person whatsoever, as well Foreign Turbets may ers as British, freely to import, bring into, and fell in the Kingdom of Great Britain, in any Ship or Vef b imported as fel whatsoever, any Quantity of Lobsters or Turbets, whether they be of Foreign or British catching, in been before the the same Manner they milt have done before the said recited Act of the tenth and eleventh Years of the ajla & n e Reign of his late Majesty King William was made; anything in the said Act, or any other Act since made, w. 3. C 24, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas in an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encreafs and better Preservation of Salmon, and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, there is contained a Clause whereby it 1 is enacted, That no Person or Persons (not being duly cptalifiedj should thereafter kill, destroy, or will The clause in.

fully hurt any Salmon or salmon kind, or any other Fish; that neither they, nor any other Person 4 & 5 Ann

or Persons whatsoever, should or might, at any Time or Times after the thirtieth Day of June which f 7uh"n should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, take, kill or destroy any Salmon, J salmon

or salmon kind, by Hawks, Racks, Gins, Nets, Angles, or other Devises whatsoever, repealed, so far

until after the eleventh Day of November in every Year, or offer to Sale any of the said Fish so taken, asic relates to 1 under the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Imprisonments in the said Act mentioned; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause, so far as the same doth and may concern the respective '4: dn mead owners and Proprietors of the Fishery and Fishing in the respective Rivers in the said Act mentioned, andoned. every other Person and Persons entitled to fish in the same, and every of them, and his and their respective Servants and Agents, and every of them, shall be and is hereby repealed, and be deemed and taken to be hereby repealed.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such After Nov. n.

Owners, Proprietors and Persons, and his and their Servants and Agents, and every or any of them, at tli! AS

any Time or Times hereafter, from the eleventh Day of November which shall be in the Year of our Lord C such .

one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, until the first Day of August in every Year, to take, kill or destroy owners, C any Salmon, salmon peal, or salmon kind, or offer to Sale any of the said Fish so taken between the may take Sal times aforesaid. mon c

XIII. Provided, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Owner, proprietorno such Owner or Person aforesaid, or any of his or their Servants or Agents, shall or may at anytime or Times after the first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and fj

between that Day and the twelfth Day of November then next following, or at any Time or Times lovring, ot.iz.

then

C 18. Anno primo Georgii Regis.

Stnt.

2.

AD.

any Year between those "Days, take any Salmon, C

Defkoying the Fry of Salmon in the Rivers, Severn, Dee, C

and taking Salmon in the said Rivers between the last of July and Nov. 12. with any other Net, &c. than are allowed by 1 Eliz. C 17. and 30 Car. 2, Stat. 1. C 9. the Offender ihill forfeit 5u bedded the Fish and Nets; to be levied by Distress 5

and for want thereof, be committed to the House of Correction, C and the Nets,

C to be destroyed, and Banks, See, removed at the Charges of the Offender.

1714.

then alter, between the first Day of August and the twelfth Day of November in any Year, take, kill, or destroy, or wilfully hurt any Salmon, salmon peal, or salmon kind, by Hawks, Racks, Gins, Nets, Angles, or other Devices whatsoever, or offer to Sale any of the said Eifh so taken, under the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Imprisonments as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Act.

XIV. And whereas the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made for the Preservation of Fishing within the Rivers of this Realm, have hitherto proved ineffectual in respect to the Rivers Severn, Dee,

Wye, Teams, Were, Tees, Dibble, Mersey, Dun, Air, Gaze, Swaile, Colder, Wharf, Eure, Darwent, C and Trent, for want of a due Encouragement to be given to such Persons who could discover the many e illegal Practises and Abuses done therein, and by Reason of the Dilatoriness and Expensiveness of the { Suits and Proceedings directed by the said Adds for punishing such Abuses Wherefore for Remedy thereof, and for the better securing the Spawn, Fry, and young Breed of Salmon in the said Rivers, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time hereafter, lay or draw any Kind of Nets, Engines, or Devices, or wilfully do or commit, or cause to be done or committed, any other Act whatsoever in the said Rivers, or in any of them, whereby the Spawn, or finallfry of Salmon therein, or any Kepper or Shedder salmons, or any Salmon not being in Length eighteen Inches or more, from the Eye to the Extent of the Middle of the Tail, shall be taken, and killed or destroyed, or Frail hereafter make, erect, or set any Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Stank, Net or Nets cross the said Rivers, or any Part thereof, whereby the Salmon therein may be taken, or hindered from passing or going up the said Rivers to spawn, or shall at any Time hereafter, between the last Day of July and the' twelfth Day of November for ever, by or with any Net, Device, Engine, Ways, or Means whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, or wilfully hurt any Salmon of any Kind or Size whatsoever in the said Rivers, or shall at any Time after t'ne said twelfth Day of November fish there for Salmon with any other Net or Nets than what is or are allowed of by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Preservation of Spazvn and Fry of Fife; and by another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of Fifoing in the River Severn; every Person so offending in any of the said Cases, who shall be convicted thereof before any Justice or Justices, of Peace of the County wherein the said Offence shall be committed, either upon View of such Justice or Justices, by Confession of such Offender, or by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath every such Justice of Peace is hereby empowered to administer) shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence, besides the Fish so taken, and the Nets, Engines and Devices used in doing or committing the same; one Moiety of the said Sum to be paid to the Informer or informers, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where the said Offence shall be committed; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice or Justices of Peace before whom he shall be convicted, as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus if any be, over and above the Charges of the Distress, to the Person so distrained; for want of such Distress the Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction, or other County Gao! or Prison, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, there to be kept to hard Labour, and suffer such other corporal Punishment as the said Justice or Justices, upon Consideration of the Circumstances of such Offence, shall think fit; and the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom the Person so offending shall be convicted, shall order such Nets, Engines and Devices made use of in taking such Fill), to be seized and immediately cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed in his or their Presence, and shall also cause such Banks, Dams, Hedges or Stanks, made or erected cross the said River, to be demolished and removed at the Charges of such Offender, such Charges if not paid down on Conviction, to be levied in the same Manner as the said Sum of five Pounds is appointed to be levied.

Altered by 23 'geo, 2. C 26. f. 7,

XV. And whereas several Fishmongers of London and other Cities and Towns, by themselves, or e their Agents, frequently buy and contrast with the Fishermen using the said Rivers of Severn, Dee, Wye, C Teame, jvere, Tees, Dibble, Mersey, Dun, Air, Ouze, Swaile, Calder, Wharf, Eure, Darwent, and Trent, or others employed by them, for great Quantities of Salmon to be taken in the said Rivers, which gives great Encouragement to the taking Salmon there of unfizeable Lengths, and at unseasonable Sensing to L on Times j', Be it therefore further enacted, That no such Salmon shall be sent to London to such Fish

don from the mongers, or their Agents, that shall weigh less than six Pounds each Fish; every Person buying, fel

said Rivers, or or sending any such Salmon of less Weight than six Pounds, who shall be convicted thereof in Man

am sainmn less net as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence, besides the Fish so to be than ilx Pounds bought and told; one Moiety of the said Sum and Fish to be paid and distributed to the Informer or In' Weight, each, formers, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; forfeits 5l. the said Sum, if not paid upon Conviction, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and

to he levied Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice or Justices of Peace, before whom he shall

by Distress, foe convicted, as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, over and above the Charges of such Distress,

and for want, to to the Owner; and in Default of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be committed by such Justice or irc°"month Just lees to the House of Correction, or other County Gaol or Prison, there to be kept to hard Labour for r 3 on, is. gpace 0£ three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be in the mean Time paid.

XVI

XVI. Provided, That where any Offender in the said Rivers, or in any of them, shall be punched by offenders Pu Force of this Act, he shall not be prosecuted, nor incur the Penalty of any other Law, or Statute for thenifted by this same Offence. at, hall nor

incur the Penalty of any other Law.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved Appeal to set by any judgement of any justice or Justices of the Peace, in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to

the Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Judgement shall be given, at their next be final. General quarter sessions, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same.

XVIII. Provided, That this Act, or anything herein contained, flrall not extend or be construed to

extend, to any ancient Wears or Locks upon any Rivers; but that it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietors or Owners thereof to repair, maintain, rebuild, remove, or take down any of the said Wears repair them,.-, or Locks, as they might have done in case this Act had not been made. notwithstanding

this Act.

Continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. For farther Provisotts concerning Preservathti and Improvement of Ftjhery, see 5 Geo. I. C 18. 2 Geo. 2. c. 19.9 Geo. 2. c. 33j. 22 Geo. 2. c. 49, 23 Geo. 2. c. 24 & 26, 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 28 Geo. 2. C j4. 29 Geo. 2. c. 23 & 39. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for Public Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of five Pound syw Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to authorise a Treaty concerning Private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the su gar houses in Scotland.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas in and by an Act of this session of Parliament, entitled, For the Appii — jlvil An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to ca.j.on of Money exchequer bilk; and for settling an additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per An xofcc^ceo i 4 num upon his Majesty during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing acertain stat. a. C 21.'

Fund If fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum not exceeding nine hundred §. s3.1 Geo. i. 4 and ten thousand Pounds for the Service of the Public, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per stares.c* I: »4 Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, it is, amongst other Things enacted, That for raising. a 4 Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, as Part of the necessary. Supply for the Ser vice of your majesty's Navy and Forces, and other public Occasions, a certain yearly sum.of fifty four thousand six hundred Pounds, from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, forever, shall, by quarterly Payments' at the four most usual Peaftsoi tyre Year, by equal Portions, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, be separated 5 4 and set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Moneys of a General or Aggregate Fund arising and to arise by several Duties and Revenues in and by the said Act appropriated for that and other Purposes therein particularly expressed; that the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds shall from Time to Time be issued and applied to answer and satisfy such perpetual Annuities as should be purchased, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, subject nevertheless to be redeemed according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Act or Acts of Parliament as should be passed in that Behalf: And whereas it is by the aforesaid Act provided, That from and after the complete paying oft' and discharging all the Principal and Interest which shall be due upon all the Exchequer bills therein mentioned, and cancelling the same, and full Payment of all Arrearages, (if any shall be then due) lor and upon the Allowances, yearly Sums, and Deficiencies therein expressed; then and not till then, the said General or Aggregate Fund by that Act established for the several Purplofes aforesaid, and all the Subsidies, Duties, and Revenues contained therein, shall be understood to be redeemed by parliament, other than and except certain particular Subsidies and Duties therein described, that is to say,

the Subsidies and Duties called the two Thirds of a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, upon Goods and Merchandizes imported, and certain Duties upon Coffee, coconuts, Chocolate, cocoa paste,

Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures, and Muffins, and certain increased Duties upon Coffee, coconuts, Chocolate, _ cocoa paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and certain further Duties upon all white Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs: And it is by the same Act also enacted, That all the said particular Subsidies and Duties fq excepted, shall be conti nued for answering and paying out of the same (amongst other Payments therein mentioned) all the Moneys which after such Redemption flrall grow due for and upon the said yearly Sunr of fifty four.thousand six hundred Pounds, for the Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum 'per Annum, intended to be purchased, as aforesaid, and that the same annuities should continue for ever,

unless they be redeemed by Parliament; and that the said particular subsidies and Duties so continued for answering such Payments; or so much thereof as should be sufficient to pay the same, are and shall be appropriated, issued, and applied thereunto, in such Manner as in and by the said Act in Part before re cited' (Relation thereunto being had) may more fully appear; And whereas it is conceived, That the said Sum, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for the Service of the Public, may, be

/lc, 50ol. to be the )early Fund for paying the Annuities, at 5l. percent. See

9 Geo. 1. c. 5.

10 Geo. 1. c. 5.

1 Geo. 1. St. 2. C 12.

Officers, ca ffiiers, C liable to the Act

2 w 3-

9 & to W. 3. C. 44.

Fund to take Place at Mich, 3715.

Deficiency to be supplied out of the first Aids in Parliament.

All the Moneys to be entered in a Book.

Any Persons may be Contributors,

C 19. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

raised by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per centum per Annum, and consequently that fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, Part of the said Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, will be a sufficient Fund for answering the said Annuities at that Rate, until such Redemption: Now for the Encouragement of such Persons and Corporations as are or shall be

willing to advance, for the Service of the Public, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for purchasing Annuities at the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be settled upon the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, until Redemption by pai l'iament, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act: We your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and declared, 'and be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, is and shall be a distinct and separate Fund, and be Blued and applied as this Act dlrefts, for answering and paying the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be purchased upon this Act, by quarterly Payments, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after specified: Thing in this or in the said recited Act, or in any other Law or Statute whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers, Cashiers, and other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be concerned in raising, receiving, or accounting for the several Duties or Revenues, out of which the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand LIX hundred Pounds, is to be supplied, as aforesaid, or any of them, or in separating, paying, applying, or accounting for the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, during the Continuance thereof, or any Part thereof, shall perform their several Duties in the Premises, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, or of the said yearly Fund of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds to be supplied out of the same, or the Moneys appointed for raising them, or either of them, or any Part thereof, as are prescribed and to be iuflifted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Paymcnfcf Annuities, after the Rate of eizht Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the east in dies, for the like Offence or Neglect, relating to the Duties thereby granted or referred to, or fer detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever, the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, arising as aforesaid, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be the whole and entire yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, final] not in any such Year amount to so much as fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, then the Moneys so arising, so far as they will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund for or towards the answering and paying all the Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be purchased upon this Act: And that all and every Deficiency and Deficiencies of the said whole yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, which shall appear at the End of any one Year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, for Payment of such Annuities as shall be purchased upon this Act at the Rate aforesaid, for the same Year respectively, shall be supplied or made up, from Time to Time, out of the first Aids to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear, and shall, from Time to Time, he transferred thereunto, as soon as such Aid shall be granted.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Moneys by this or the said recited Act, required to be brought into the Exchequer, or to be there set apart, for or upon Account of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, shall be fairly and duly entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells, for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned at all seasonable Times shall have free Aecefs without Fee or Charge.

'V. And for raising any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for public Services, as aforesaid:: 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay to the First or Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Time being, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said Feast of'sr. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or contributors, or such as he, she, or they shall nominate, hisj her, or their Executors, Administrators, Surcellors, or Assigns respectively, the same ftia'l be redeemed according to the Tenor or true Meaning of the Proviso or Condition herein after mentioned in that Behalf 3 so as such Cashier or Cashiers do frit give Security to the good Liking

49

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 19,

of any three or more of the Commissioners of In's majesty's Treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the public Use, the Moneys so to be advanced or dontributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionally for any greater Sum so to be advanced or paid; and the purchase mojicy for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said Cashier, as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times herein after limited, that Times of P; y. is to say, one Fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year, of our Lord ment one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; one other Fifth Pait thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; one other Fifth Part thereof on on or before the twenty-eighth Day of 'january then next ensuing; other Fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of March then next following; and the remaining Fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of May which shall be in the 'Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; which Annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed in the whole the said Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Fcafts or Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Fcafts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blefied Virgin Mary, the Nativity of St. John Bap tiff, and St. Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; the firs Payment thereof to be due at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thou far. .1 fovea hundred and fifteen, or within six Days after the same feast day; nevertheless the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a proviso or Condition herein after contained in that Behalf, and not otherwise; the said Cashier of the said Governor and Company, for the Time Castler to g're being is hereby authorised and required, upon the advancing and paying to him any such Sum and Surs ^recr, t to of Money, as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in Writing, signed by himself, for each Payment to cer trloawrt, the Contributor or Payer thereof; and from Time to Time to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he shall receive, of or for the said Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ad 10 Pay into ten thousand Pounds, as fast as he shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days at exci*e4' "1: r the farthest; and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced to him, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof; in which Account the said Cashier shall have just Allowance of all Moneys which he shall have paid for prompt Payments pursuant to this Act.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Accountant Ce company of the Bank of England, for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, ne«l oi thebar!» in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities after^j^?qon^ the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said butors, C Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid; to which Book it

shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General, for the Time being, shall on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written in Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to be pur Annuities char chafed at the Rate aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from 6etj 0b th Fund Time to Time, out of the Moneys arising and to arise, of or for the said yearly Fund of fortyfive thousand of4v5ool ci five hundred Pounds, or by other the Provisions or Supplies made or to be made by or in pursuance of

this Act, for the Payment thereof, in the Manner and Form by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Succcfl ors, and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed, or to be supplied for Payment thereof, as aforesaid; shall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, and the principal Moneys paid for the same, and every of them, tax free, during the Continuance thereof, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

VIII. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the said Annuities, to be purchased, as aforesaid, Eank to employ according to the true Meaning of this present Act It is hereby further enacted by the Authority afore a ceief Ca, llicr said. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from ime^ "oununt to Time, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament according to this Act, appoint and 'r"'employ one sufficient Person, within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier, and one other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accountant General; and that so much The Cashier to of the Moneys which shall or ought to be from Time to Time separated or set apart in the Receipt of Ex receive the Fond quer, for or upon Account of the said yearly Fund of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, for an at the Ext: tie<iuer lwering the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, as shall bear a full Proportion to the whole Sum, Huaitw >'> C which shall be advanced or contributed upon this Act, after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, of any three or more of them

C 19*

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Annuities a Per

Interest at 81. percent, for prompt Payment.

now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in' that Behalf, be from Time to Time, quarterly, as aforesaid, issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of their Successors for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form as are. by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cashier or cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Accountant Gc.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the Time being shall, from thevecciptscof Time to Time, inspect and examine all the Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier, and the Vouchers the Cattiicr. relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possess td thereof, as of a Personal inflate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any Foreign ont 'ue.&c. Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay readily to the said Cashier thee Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Adiit is provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay to the said Cashier within the Times limited by this Act, the purchase money payable for any Annuity cr Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall be allowed and paid out. of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the prompt Payment of the purchase money, or of such Proportions of the purchase money as shall be so advanced before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; the said Interest to be computed for the respective Sums so advanced and paid to the said Cashier, from the Time or respective Times of the actual advancing and paying the same to the fa: d Cashier, until the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen. the mon^sa

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or con loim' itock See. tributed upon this Act for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, ia Geo. 1. C z. shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Capital or joint stock, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and per ions and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced upon this Act, shall have and be deemed to have an Interest or Share in the said Stock, and in the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, for the Moneys so by him, her or them advanced; and that the said Capital or joint stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; that there shall constantlf kept at all reasonable Times in the Office of the said Chief Accountant for the Time being. Chief Accoun 6 the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said Stock, or

tint, C any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall he entered

and registered, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or (if such Party be absent) by his, her, or their Attorney thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XII. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or Annuities attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses, but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said Will as relates to the said Stock or Annuity, be entered in the said Office, and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be chargeable on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Persons who shall accept any Assignment or Transfer of any Stock from any Contributor, who shall have paid only Part of the Contribution money pay be Rditue for same to the Use of the Public, shall be liable to pay the Residue of the said contribution money, money^and to such Forfeitures for nonpayment thereof, as the original Contributor would have been liable if no y such Transfer, had been made.

No Contribution

XIV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or be admitted to purchase or obtain any of the Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, upon this Act, unless the Whole or one Fifth Part at Jeaft of the consideration money for the same, at such Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid to the said Cashier on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

XV. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor, as aforesaid, who shall on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have advanced to the said Cashier

Cine

Devises of Annuities to be en tred in the Ofhce,

No stamp duties.

assignee of Stock liable to

after 29 Sept, 3715.

Penalty for not paying by the Times appointed.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 19. 51

one fifth Part of his, her, or their Paid purchase money, or his, her or their Executors, Administratora,

Successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier, one other fifth Part of his, her or their confijeration money so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of November then next ensuing; one other Fifth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of 'january then next coming; one other Fifth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of then next following; and the remaining f ifth Part thereof on or before the twenty nin'h

Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and in every such Case respectively, so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid for tyre first Payment to the said Cashier for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the publick, and no Interest, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be payable for the said first Payment; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and k»r.fc o co.v.n Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any n C their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Annuities ue Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this redeemed, cadi expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this act.shall he redeemed by Parliament, according the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the fair! Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for Or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever final] kofees to be or may be demanded or taken of any his Majesty's 'subjects, for receiving or paying the said contributi tlicer oil moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies, or other Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the said yearly Fund, or any Part thereof, or for paying the said Annuities, or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum great or final], to be made in pursuance of this Act $ upon pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary this Act, shall forfeit the Slim of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered widi full Costs, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon When t'ncfe Alone year's Notice and Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be advanced upon this Act, unto the respective Contributors of the 'lq Gco C^or to such Person and Persons, as by, from or under them, shall be then entitled to the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the Money so advanced, according to such Interests as they respectively shall then have in the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annunl, if any shall be then due, then, and not till then, the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth so much of the said General or Aggregate Fund, and of the said particular Duties chargeable with the said Annuities, as aforesaid, as the same Annuities shall amount unto, shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, but without prejudicing any other of the yearly Sums or Payments, by this or the said recited Act charged or intended to be charged on the said General or Aggregate Fund, or upon the said particular Duties which shall then remain to be satisfied out of the same; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas several Exemptions from Customs and Excise have been, and are claimed as pri ja, fr

Rights by the Proprietors of the sugar houses in Scotland, touching which Exemptions several j^px*"*"1* Questions have arisen, not as yet decided: And whereas it is evidently prejudicial to his Majesty's Reve Right, chimed nue, and to all other Traders in Sugars, and distilling of Spirits, that such Exemptions should subsist and by "the Proprie continue; and yet nevertheless it is just that reasonable Satisfaction should be made to the said Proprietorst0, s ot, hc.su for any such private Rights; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commission in ers of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall 3y s Gf0_ r be and are hereby impowered to treat with the Proprietors of the sugar houses aforesaid, for such a hum ore. 4. $. 6, 7, Sums of Money as may be a reasonable Satisfaction for such private Rights of Exemption from customs Sich pro and Excise, to which the Proprietors are entitled. pnevrs are to

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High mlch way.'" Treasurer for the Time being, shall have rower to allow to the Cashier or Cashiers, who shall receive the said Contribution or advance money, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, 'as aforesaid, The, fll!fr for his or their Pains and Charges in receiving and accounting for the same, a Sum not exceeding five^'n. CC ", " "p.s. hundred Pounds, out of the Contribution or advance money aforesaid, and flail also h ive Power (out ofyn]: rj^ y; C the Remainder of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand iix hundred Pounds, to ariie over and above so much as shall be fufhcieny from Time to Time, to discharge all Moneys which shall be due on the Annuities to be purchased on this Act to allow and pay to the said Cashier for the Time being, a Salary or Allowance not exceeding two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, for receiving the Money to pay the Annuities upon this Act, and applying the same to that Use, and for his Pains and Charges in keeping and rendering his Accounts thereof; and a Salary or Allowance not exceeding two hundred Pounds per Annum to the said Accountant General for the Time being, for his Service and Charge in performing the Duty and Trust incumbent upon him by this Act; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

52 G. 20. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Slat. 2. A.D. 1714.

This act is in Part repealed by 21 Geo. 2. C

34- /

Persons holding Lands, C in Scotland, in Property or Superiority, and adhering to the Pretender, shall be liable to the Pains, cof High Treason.

And peaceable Vassals holding Lands of such Offender hail hold them of the Crown.

And if such Lands lie within any Regality, they shall be dissolved therefrom.

20 geo a. c. 43. Tenants continuing dutiful to his Majesty hall hold their Land. of Persons attainted without paying any Rent, &c..for2 Years. Exchequer in Scotland to pass Signatures infa your of such Vaffkls without any Competition.

The Lands of Tenants guilty of Treason, hall re: ognofce into the Hands of the Superiors,

By 5 Geo. 1.

22. ic

CAP. XX.

An Act for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who do; and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George, and for dilcoii raging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords and Tenants there, who have been or shall be guilty of rebellious Practises against his said Majesty and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies and Conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the Hffedt of Forfeitures that may have been, or shall be incurred there on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Ilefidence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; and for the better disarming disaffeifted Persons in Scotland.

WHEREAS the Person who, in the Life of the late King James, pretended to be Prince of Wales, and since his Decease has taken upon him the Style and Title of King of England,

by the Name of James the third, and King of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of King of Great Britain, being bred in the Principles of Popery and Tyranny, has presumed to declare his Intention to make an Invasion upon Scotland, or some other Part of his Majesty's C Kingdom of Great Britain, or his other Dominions, meaning to seduce his Majesty's Subjects from their Duty and Allegiance, and to overturn the Settlement of the Succession in the Protestant Line, upon e which the Subversion of the reformed Religion in these Kingdoms, and Ruin of the Liberty of the Sub

must follow of necessary Consequence: whereas in such Conjuncture especially, it is most just

punish rebellious Subjects, and at the same Time to reward such as continue firm and loyal to his majesty's Person and Government; Therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That if any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, having Lands or Tenements in Scotland, in Property or Superiority, has been or shall be guilty ot High Treason, by holding, entertaining, or keeping any Intelligence, or Correspondence in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, with the said Pretender, or with any Person or Persons employed by him, knowing such Person to be so employed, or shall, by Bill of Exchange or otherwise, remit or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Use or Service of the said Pretender, knowing such Money to be for such Use or Service, and that whether the said Fadfs or Things be done within or without this Realm, or has been or shall be adherent to the said Pretender in this Realm, giving him Aid or Comfort in this Realm, or elsewhere, every such Offender, who shall be thereof duly convicted and attainted, shall be liable to the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures for High Treason, all and every Vassal and Vassals in Scotland, who shall continue peaceable and in dutiful Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, holding Lands or Tenements of any such Offender who holds such Lands or Tenements immediately of the Crown, shall be vested and seized, and are hereby enacted and ordained to hold the said Lands or Tenements of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, in Fee and Heretage for ever, by such manner of holding as any such Offender held such Lands or Tenements of the Crown at the Time of the Attainder of such Offender; and where Lands or Tenements belonging to any such peaceable and dutiful Subjects to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors lie within any Regality or Constabulary in Scotland, the same shall be and they are hereby dissolved from every such Regality or Constabulary for ever; and in like manner all and every Tenant and Tenants in Scotland, who shall continue peaceable and in dutiful Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors aforesaid, bruicking and occupying any Lands, Milns, Mines, Woods, Fishings or Tenements, as Tenant or Tenants, Taxman or Taxmen, from and under any such Offender shall, and they are hereby ordained to bruick and occupy all and every such Lands, Mines, Milns, Woods, Fishings and Tenements, for the Space of two Years or Crops, to be accounted from and after such Attainder, freely, without Payment of any Rent, Duty, or Service for the said two Years or Crops; and the Court of Exchequer in Scotland is hereby authorised and required, on Production of any such Attainder, to revise. and pass Signatures, and that without paying any Composition in favours of every such Vassal or Vassals, and his, her, or their Heir or Heirs of the said Lands and Tenements abovementioned respectively, to be held of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Fee and Heretage forever, and by such Holdings as is abovementioned, with Clauses of Nova damns, and (where such Lands or Tenements hold Waird or Few ctun Maritagio, or with Clauses irritant) with Change of Holdings from Waird to taxed Waird, according to the Rules now observed in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, dispensing. with Recognition and Clauses irritant in Favours of the Crown in Time coming, in the most ample and belt Form, to the End that Chartours and Infeftments may be thereupon duly expect.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Subject of Great Britain, holding Lands or Tenements of a Subject superior in Scotland, has been or shall be guilty of such High Treason ortreasons, as aforesaid, every such Offender, who shall be thereof duly convicted and attainted, shall be liable to the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for High Treason, and his Lands or Tenements held of any Subject superior in Scotland, shall recognofce and return into the Hands of the Superior, and the Property shall be and is hereby consolidated with the Superiority, in the same manner as if the same Lands or Tenements

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 20. 53

nements had been by the Vafial resigned into the Hands of his Superior ad perpetuam rnnanenliam; and insui crlor: > f case any Tenant or Tenants, Taxman or Taxmen, bruiclcing and c^rcupying any Lands, Mines, Mihis,

Woods, Fishings or Tenements, being guilty of such High Treason or Treasons, as aforesaid, and shall be tie duly convicted and attainted, the Title by which all and every such Tenant or Tenants, Taxman ordebuofai. m taxmen, does bruick or occupy, as aforesaid, shall cease and become void; and the Lands, Mines, Milns, al |, C

dutiful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

III. And for preventing of Frauds or Collusion in order to evade this at; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Superiors, Vassals or Tenants, to whom the Lands, Alines, Miln --, fct. Woods, Fishings and Tenements abovementioned, are declared and ordained to belong, shall not within wi, hi, n'Months, to be reckoned from the Time of the Attainder of the Offenders respectively, obtain them Montts, otiicr selves infeft, or do Diligence really and without Collusion for attaining possession, in every such Case the w; C he Frr forfeitures shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

IV. Provided always, That none of his Majesty's Subjects, whether Superior, Vafial or Tenant, shall 11c

have the Benefit of this Act, excepting such who being lawfully called out or required to join with his who hall Jme majesty's Host in opposition to the said Pretender or his Adherents, shall do the same, or who (not being Benefit of so called out or required) shall continue peaceable and dutiful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. al

V. And whereas there is Reason to believe that several Persons intending to commit High Treason orta, !: ics. t<c 1 Treasons, as aforesaid, have made Tailzies, Entails or Settlements of their Estates, in favours of their '" adc alc<', ri.

or other Heirs of Tailzie, or Conveyances, Securities or Alienations, with a fraudulent In byt eifons at tent to avoid the Puriishment of the Law due to the Offences abovementioned Be it therefore enacted tainted Hull by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tailzies, Entails, Settlements and Conveyances in favours of the be void. Grantees Children, or other Heirs of Tailzie, or Trusts, Securities, or Alienations of any Estates or Inheritances made in Scotland, in the Name of whatsoever Person or Persons, since the first Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, or that shall be made there in Time coming by any Person or Persons who shall be convicted and attainted of any such High Treason or Treasons aforesaid, shall be, and" they are hereby declared void and null to all Intents and Purposes, excepting such Deeds, Securities and Alienations as have been made since the Time aforesaid, or shall be made there in Time coming, for just and onerous Causes, the said onerous Causes being always otherwise instructed than by the writings themselves.

VI. And whereas also at this Juncture it is necessary for the public Safety, and for the Safety of every particular Subject, to prevent their being seduced to rebellious, seditious and unlawful Practises against his Majesty's sacred Person, Government, and the Laws, and that by such Methods as may be most easy to the Subjects; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and After Sepr. r. after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and until the twenty-third Day WJ5 j'11

of January one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the King's Advocate, or in his or his deputy's absence, his Majesty's Solicitor in Scotland, may and shall, upon a Warrant under his Majesty's Hand or general, C Sign Manual, or Warrant from such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall empower under the Seal ap to issue Letters, pointed by the Treaty of ltnion to be kept in Scotland in Place of the Great Seal, for that effect, apply to commanding the Lords Justice General, Justice Clerk, or Lords Commissioners of Justkiary in Scotland, craving that Letters may be issued, and (upon Production of such Warrant) the said Lords Justice General, justice jandtoappear3t Clerk, or Lords Commissioners of Justiciary there, are hereby authorised and required to cause Letters to Edinburgh, C be issued in his Majesty's Name, and at the Instance of his Advocate, or in his or his deputy's Absence, his Majesty's Solicitor in Scotland, for his highness's Interest, in common Form, commanding and charging such Person or Persons as have their Estates or ordinary Residence within Scotland, to appear at edin- burgh, or any other Place or Places in Scotland, and at such Times as his Majesty, or the Persons so empowered shall think fit to appoint; and if his Majesty, or such Person or Persons empowered in Manner aforesaid shall think fit, then and there to find sufficient Bail and Caution for the loyal and peaceable Be and find Bail, haviour of every such Person or Persons, and to appear when and where such Person or Persons shall be appointed; and in case of Contempt or wilful Disobedience, every such Person or Persons being charged Penalty of not by Authority of such Letters as is herein above directed, shall incur the Penalty of single and life rentappear!n£' Escheat, to be brought in for his Majesty's Use, and shall be further fined in the Sum of five hundred'

Pounds Sterling, and be liable to one year's Imprisonment; which Letters are to contain a Warrant for citing of the said Person or Persons, being within Scotland, personally, or at their dwelling houses; and in ho % v the Person case of any Disturbance or Opposition made to the Messengers or witnesses employed in such Service, to^j.11 l'encted lu cite in the same Manner as by the Law of Scotland (where there is no Tutus Accejjus) is directed, upon seven^free Days where the Charge is against any Person or Persons living upon the south side of the River of '

Tay, to appear at Edinburgh; and upon fifteen free Days, where the Charge is against any Person or Persons living upon the north side of the said River; and when such Person or Persons are not in Scotland, upon: sixty Days, according to the Forms used for citing Persons who are absent out of Scotland.

VII. And for the further Encouragement of becoming Zeal and Bravery in his Majesty's and the country's Service, against the said Pretender and his Adherents; 'Be it also further enacted by the Au The Heirs of thority aforesaid, That if it shall happen any Subject of Great Britain having Lands or Estate in Scotland j'erfs whole held Waird of the Crown, or of any Subject superior there, as well Vafial as suh vastal, to be killed w^irct3<tf the his Majesty's Service against the said Pretender and his Adherents, pr to receive Wounds whereof any such crowdj and

20. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Person or Persons shall afterwards die, the Heir of every such Person or Persons shall be and is hereby enacted and ordained to be free of the Duties and Casualties of Waird, Relief and Marriage, for and on account of such Lands or Estate; excepting only, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, where the Lands of such Person or Persons hold immediately of the Crown, and to the immediate Superior, where such Lands hold ofasubjedt, to appoint the said Casualties of Waird, Relief and Marriage, to be applied for provision of the Wife, or younger Child or Children unprovided for, or not competently provided for; due Consideration being always had to the Condition of the Heir.

a Provision for the Wife, C 20 Geo. 2. c. 50.

No Attainder C

VIII. And because it is hard that any Creditor, remaining in peaceable and dutiful Alleg: ance to his exclude the' Majesty, his Heir.; and Successors, should suffer by the Rebellion of his Debtor; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Conviction or Attainder, on account of the High Treason or Treasons abovementioned, shall hurt or exclude the Right or Diligence of any such Creditor remaining peaceable and dutiful, for Security or Payment of any true, just and lawful Debt, contracted before the Commission of any of the foresaid Crimes.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, who may reap or have any Benefit or Advantage by the Attainder, Conviction, or Forfeiture of any Person or who are killed in his mdiesty's Service against: the f're<e; dr, ihn.il be free of Willed, &c.

Bat ihe King of Superior may appoint Inch Waird, &c. for

Right of a peaceable Creditor

None shall be a w.tness against:

Atufiider he Persons by Virtue 6r this Act, shall be capable of being a Witness or Witnesses against any Person or per icceivcs Benefit soils, by hose Attainder, Conviction or Forfeiture, any Benefit shall or may accrue to such Witness or

Repealed by (Ay. a. c-24* §;7

lieutenants to

Witnesses.

X. And for the better securing the Peace of the Kingdom, ' Be it further enacted and ordained, That the respective Lieutenants in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall, oyer and above their Power of

to seize Arms, &c. of Persons dangerous

When the Search may be made.

Houses of Peers not to be

gl, jnt Warrants commanding the Militia, and sensible Men, and constituting Deputy lieutenants, and other Officers, be hereby enabled and authorised by themselves, or any two or more of their Deputies, to grant Warrants under their Hands and Seals, appointing such Person or Persons as they shall think fit (of which a commissioned Officer, and the Constable or his Deputy, or in the Absence of the Constable and his Deputy, some other Person bearing Office within the Shire or Stewartry where the Search shall be, shall be two) to search for and seize all Arms, Ammunition, and other warlike Stores, in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons, whom the said Lieutenants, or any two or more of their Deputies, shall judge dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdom, and to secure such Arms, Ammunition, or other warlike Stores for the public Service, and thereof, from Time to Time, to give Accounts to the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence, or otherwise by their Directions, to their Deputies, or any two or more of them.

XI. Provided, That no such Search be made in any House or Houses between sun setting and sun rising, other than in Cities and their Suburbs, Boroughs Royal, Boroughs of Regality and of Barony, where it shall and maybe lawful to search in the nighttime by Warrant, as aforesaid, if the Wafr'a'nt shall so direct: And that no dwelling house of any Peer of this Realm be searched by virtue of this Act, fetched but by but by immediate Warrant from his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or in the Presence of the lieute v/ar.ant of the' nant or 0n2 of the Deputy lieutenants of the same Shire or Stewartry; and that in ail Places and Houses £uuy by" Force whatsoever where Search is to be made, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, in case of Resistance, to in c.iie of Reenter by Force; 'and that the Arms so seized may be restored to the former Owners again, if the said lieu fiftance. tenants, or in their Absence, as aforesaid, their Deputies, or any two or more of them shall so think fit.

Arms seized may

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Magistrats, and other Officers within the said Shires or o nersed to' e Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs or Places aforesaid, be and are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to Maziftritcs, the said respective Lieutenants and their Deputies, or any of them, in Execution of the Premises; and &c.°to assist. that all and every Person and Persons, who shall act or do anything in Execution thereof, shall be hereby saved harmless and indemnified.

No Peer capable

XIII. Provided also, That from and after the first Day of October next to come, no Person being a of being a Lieu peer Of Realmj shall be capable of adding or serving as Lieutenant or Deputy lieutenant, in that Part taketh eoathsof Great Britain called Scotland, unless he or they shall first, before six Lords of his Majesty's Privy Council Allegiance, &c. for the Time being, or such other Persons as shall be authorised by his Majesty by Order in Council, to administer the same, take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribe the Assurance appointed by Law for Persons having Offices or Places of Trust; and that from and after the said first Day Nor any under of October no Person under the Degree of a Peer of this Realm, shall be capable of acting as Lieutenant, chud grie of a Deputy lieutenant, or other Officer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless he or they shall cer, unie s, C £rq. ta£e anc[ subscribe the Oaths, and subscribe the Assurance aforesaid, which Oaths and Assurance any one Justice of the Peace of the respective Shires or Stewartries is hereby enabled to administer; and the said Lieutenant, or any one Justice of the Peace of the respective Shires or Stewartries aforesaid, is enabled to administer to the respective Deputy lieutenants, not being Peers; and the said respective Lieutenants, and in their Absence, or otherwise by their Directions when they are not absent their Deputies, or any two of them shall, and are hereby enabled to administer the said oa.hs and Assurance to the said Officers.

Persons having

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons who shall, in pursuance of this Add, ex t tcturom save ta^cn and subscribed the Oaths, and subscribed the Assurance aforesaid, shall not be further, obliged

taichv* them" co do te same for the said Matter or Cause by virtue of any other Law or Statute; and the said Person

atyn? or Persons, their taking and subscribing the find Oaths, and their subscribing the said Assurance, shall be

To he certified certified into the next Quarter sessions of the Peace which shall be held for such Shire or Stewartry,

to the Seffiwis. together with the original Subscription or subscriptions of the same.

XV

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Person or Persons who hall abl as Lieutenant, renalry of neg deputy lieutenant, or other Officer, after three Months Neglect to take or subscribe the Oaths, or to j'^'r's to ui; C subscribe the Assurance, as aforesaid, shall be liable to all Penalties and Disabilities, as Persons executing cm'

Offices or Places of Trust, after three Months Neglect of taking and subscribing the Oaths as appointed

by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of September

next to come, an Act made in the Parliament of England in the first Year of the Reign of the^' e, rcl, djj late King William and Queen Mary, entitled, Act for the better Securing the Government, by dfarmingr.<1 Scotland. Papists and reputed Papists, shall be in Force in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, excepting only Exception, that in lieu of the Declaration mentioned in the said Act, the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration shall be taken and subscribed, and the Declaration called the Formula, recited in an Add of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year one thousand seven hundred, entitled, Act for preventing the Growth of Popery, shall be likewise made and subscribed; and also, that the Counties, Ridings and Divisions mentioned in the aforesaid Act, shall be construed and understood in Scotland to be Shires or Stewartries; and nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to establish any Office which is not now in Being in Scotland.

CAP. XXI.

An act for enlarging the Capital Stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence to public Uses; and for sailing one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities upon diverse Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty(

MAY it please your most excellent Majesty; the Capital or Joint stock of the Gover

J.VX nor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of

America, and for encouraging the fishery, being adjusted and settled, pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, 9 Ann, C t

intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and fiatisfying the public Debts; and for erecting a Corporation.

to carry on a Trade to the South seas, and for the Encouragement of the Fishery, and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects a" Spain; and to repeal the Alls for regijlring Seamen, doth amount to the'

Sum of nine Millions one hundred seventy seven thousand nine hundred sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings fourpence, and the yearly Fund payable in respect thereof, to the said Governor and Company,

and their Successors, after the Rate of six rounds per Centum per Annum, at the Receipt of the Exchequer,

until the same shall be redeemed pursuant to that, and an Act of the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Ace, C. 30>

Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Trade to the South seas, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed, doth* amount to five hundred and fifty thousand six hundred seventy eight Pounds one Shilling and fourpence, besides the Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum for and towards the Charges of the said Company for Management:

And whereas the said Governor and Company of Merchants for accommodating your majesty's public f Affairs, are willing that the Sum of eight hundred twenty-two throufand thirty-two Pounds

+four Shillings and eight Pence may be added to the present Capital or Joint Stock of the said Governor and Company, whereby the whole Capital or Joint Stock of the said Governor and Company will amount to the Sum of ten Millions, and whereby the Stock for the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence may be disposable for such public Uses and Services as are herein after prescribed, so as the Sum of forty-nine thousand three hundred twenty-one Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum (being after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence) may also be added to the said yearly Fund of five hundred and fifty thousand six hundred seventy eight Pounds one Shilling and fourpence, from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, whereby the increased Fund of the said Governor and Company of Merchants, from and after the Feast day last mentioned,

wilbamount in the whole to six hundred thousand Pounds per Annum (besides the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds for Charges of Management) and so as the said increased yearly Fund be continued unto them until the same shall be

redeemed by Parliament, as is herein after mentioned, and so as the Moneys due to them upon their present yearly Fund, and to grow due to them on their said increased yearly Fund, and the Moneys due and to grow due to them upon the said eight thousand Pounds per Annum (until such Redemption) be £ paid and secured, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present adinow we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to aid your Majesty with such Supplies as may be least burdensome or vexatious to your Subjects, do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; And be it enacted and declared by the £32, 0331. 4 s, King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal d to be jef and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Sum of the Somlf sca0 eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, is added and united, Stock, and by Force and Virtue of this Act shall be, and be deemed and taken (as from the said Feast of the 3 Nativity

Treasurer of the Navy to write the raid Sum in the Company's Book by Mich.7*5*

And to transfer for the Use of the Company 583, ^39]. 8d. Part of the said Stock so written in, &c.

At Christmas 1715, an Account to be made up of all Moneys arising by the Duties on Sait, Candles, cof9 Anna?, C 21. that Year, &c.

The remaining 2.38, 693 1. 4s, transferable for the Use of the Navy, &c.

AH the Duties, &c. 9 Anna?, C 21. appropriated to make good the increased Fund,

C 2-1. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen) to be added and united to the said Capital or Joint Stock of the Governor and Company before named; and that the said Capital or Joint Stock, with the same Addition, from the feast day last mentioned, doth amount, and shall be esteemed to amount in the whole to ten Millions Sterling; and that the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy now being, or the Treasurer thereof for the Time being shall, before the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, write and be admitted to write the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence in the proper Book of the said Governor and Company, as Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the same; and that the said Stock of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four shillings and eight Pence, so to be written in, shall be transferrable, and from the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist shall have the same Dividends, Benefits and Privileges, and be subject to the same Rules, Directions and Powers, as the rest of the capital Stock of the said Corporation from that Time is to have, enjoy or be subject unto.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer of the Navy, who shall write in the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon transfer and assign (in due Form) to the Cashier of the said Governor and Company, or whom the Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company shall appoint, for the Use of the said Governor and Company, the full Sum of five hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred thirty-nine Pounds and eight Pence, Part of the said Stock which shall have been so written in, as aforesaid, That is to say, two hundred seventy five thousand three hundred thirty-nine Pounds and eight Pence, Part thereof, in full Satisfaction of their said original Fund for the half Year, reckoning from the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and ended at the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen inclusively; three hundred thousand Pounds more thereof in full Satisfaction of their said increased Fund for the Half Year, reckoning from the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and to end at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ in the same Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen inclusively; and the remaining eight thousand Pounds thereof in full Satisfaction of the said Allowance of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, for their Charges of Management for one whole Year, beginning from the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and to end on the like Feast day in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen inclusively.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this present act, That the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier for their Use, shall and may (notwithstanding any Provision made by this Act) proceed to receive ib much of the Money arising by the particular Duties on Salt, Rock salt, and Candles, and by the several Rates on Moneys given with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants, mentioned in the said act of the ninth Year of her late majesty's Reign, as they might have received if this act had not been made; but that within ten Days after the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, an exact Account shall be made up by the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of all the Moneys, which, within the whole Year ending at the same Feast, shall have been received by the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier, of those particular Duties or Rates; and the Sum total of the Moneys so received or to be received by them within the said Year, shall go and be reckoned and accounted as Part of the said increased Fund, which shall first crow due to the said Governor and Company, after the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and shall be deducted out of the same increased Fund accordingly; anything in this or any former act or acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of two hundred thirty-eight thousand six hundred ninety three Pounds and four Shillings, Residue of the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, to be written in, as aforesaid, for the Use of the Public shall be, from Time to Time, transferrable as any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands shall direct, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy or Land forces, or other public Services, and not otherwise.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That all the several Duties, Revenues and Surplus Moneys, which, by the said act of the ninth Year of her late majesty's Reign, were settled, appropriated, appointed, or intended,

for answering the yearly Fund which was to be adjulled by that act, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, That is to say, such of the same Duties, Revenues and Surplus Moneys as are already Come into Pcfleflion, and the rest of them as they shall severally take effect, are hereby appropriated, and shall be applied to and for the answering and making good all the Payments which, after the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall grow due, for or upon the said increased Fund, amounting to six hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, as aforesaid, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds for or towards Charges of Management, as aforesaid, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities to be incurred and inf!idled for diverting, misapplying, or detaining any the Moneys applicable to the Payments by this act directed, as by the said act of the ninth Year of her late majesty's Reign, or by any other act or acts relating thereunto, were in the like Case intended to be inflicted or incurred for diverting, misapplying, or detaining any the Moneys which were to be paid in Pursuance thereof.

VI

X

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Star. 2. C 21. 57

VI. And to the end there may be no Failure in the Payment of the said increased Fund of six hundred A quarterly Ao

thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, from or after the'"1110 fc

Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, until the Redemption " r'jt'

1 thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained; ' Be it further enacted by the jj|i; ril, q t.ri(!nr. Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the High trca to pay the Fund, lurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, from and after the said Feail' of the

Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, quarterly, at the four most usual Fcafts in every Year, that is to say, the Feasts of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, or within twenty Days next after every of the said Feast days, eaule a true and exact Account to be made of all the Moneys which, on or before the said respective Quarter days within the Quarter then ended, shall have come, or was brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, of the said Duties and Revenues, and Surplus Moneys, or any of them, for or towards Payment of the said increased Fund, and the said yearly Sum for Charges; and if upon making every or any such Account, the Moneys so come or brought in shall appear to fall mort of one fourth Part of the said yearly Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, for the preceding Quarter of a Year, then, and so often, and in every such Case, all and every Sum and Sums of Money, so deficient, shall, upon Demand to be made by the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier, by Writing under the common Seal of the said Governor and Company, or signed by the said Cashier, and to be left with or for the Treasurer of the Navy of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, for the Time being, at or in the House or Place used by such Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, for making Payments for the Use of the Navy, or within twenty Days after such Demand, be answered, made good, and satisfied by the Treasurer of thcnavy, for the 'lime being, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, out of any Efficiency, 0 Moneys then in his Hands or Power, or first coming to his Hands or Power, for the Service of the Navy, or jp '4, ec°°fu the Victualling thereof; all which Moneys are hereby charged to make good the said Payments which shall berer ot"the jqvv, incurred and grown due to the said Governor and Company from Time to Time, with Preference to any other Payments to be made out of the same for any Use or Service whatsoever; and the said Payments to the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier for their Use, shall be made without Fee or Charge, and without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and the said Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, is hereby authorised and required (in default of specifical Money to answer the Payment of any such Deficiency or Deficiencies, as aforesaid) forthwith to dispose so much of any Tallies, Orders, Annuities, or other parliamentary Securities, which then or afterwards shall or may be in his Hands or Power, for the Service of the Navy, or the Victualling thereof, as will be sufficient to enable him to discharge the Deficiency then due to the said Governor and Company; and within twenty Days after such Demand, as aforesaid, to pay the same in Money without any Deduction, Discount or Abatement to be born or sustained by them; and such Treasurer of the Navy, from Time to Time, shall be allowed upon his Account in the Exchequer all such Payments so made by him; and the said Treasurer of the Navy shall also be allowed all such Loss as shall happen by disposing such Securities, upon the Oath of the said Treasurer (which the proper Auditor hath hereby Power to administer) verifying the Truth thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer of the Navy of his Majesty, his Treasurer of the Heirs or Successors, shall at any Time or Times refuse or delay to make such Payment and Applicadons, Navy not paying as aforesaid, of any of the public Moneys which shall be in or come to his Hands or Power, or (in default rr, elts hl! of specific Money) to sell and dispose of any the Tallies, Orders, Annuities, or other parliamentary^' C Securities, which shall be in or come to his Hands or Power, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale or Disposition, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, for or towards making good such Deficiency or Deficiencies of the said annual Sums of six hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, or either of them, as shall have incurred or become due, according to the true Meaning of this present Act, when and as often as any such Deficiency shall happen, such Treasurer of the Navy shall forfeit his Office or Place, and shall be liable to pay unto the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, the Value of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so refused or neglected to be paid, with treble Damages and full Costs of Suit; the same to be recovered by the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, by Action of Dffit, or of the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information founded upon this Act, in any Court of Record of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, wherein no Efibin, Protection,

Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege whatsoever, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

VIII. And to the End the Service of the Navy or Victualling may not be prejudiced by such Applica Treasury of the Money or Disposition of any parliamentary Securities, which shall be applied to make good m?kl> n any such Deficiency or Deficiencies, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the F

twenty-fifth Day of December one t'noufiuid seven hundred and fifteen, till such Redemption by Parliament, i.'du>ce 01 tl "as aforesaid, there be annually within twenty Days after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, an Estimate in Writing made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, by a Medium of the three preceding Years, of how much the Revenues settled for Payment of the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, and the said yearly Sum of This Sum! CC eight thousand Pounds, will produce for the Year commencing from the twenty-fifth Day of Decemberdt, cei, 0 preceding such Account, and ending the twenty-fifth Day of December succeeding such Account, and how much the same are like to fall flrort of answering and paying thereof; ard shall cause such estimate to be laid before the Commons in Parliament at their then Session (if then actually sitting) or if them be laid before

Parliament parliament.

C

i.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A'. D. 1714.

one Year's Notice and Re, Duties i

as of9 Ann. C ia & Ann. C 30. confirnred,

Read C 2.1*

Parliament shall not be then sitting, in such case, at their first or next Session, to the End a sufficient provision may be made for the Service of the Navy, and Victualling thereof for that Year; but the Delay of making such Provision shall not be any Stop or Detriment to the making, good, in the Manner aforesaid, the Deficiencies which shall happen in the Payment of the said yearly bund of six hundred thousand Pounds, or the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, but the same shall from Time to Time, and at all Times, until such Redemption as herein after is mentioned, be answered, paid and made goodbye the Treasurer of the Navy, as aforesaid; any Thing herein, or in the said former acts, or any of them contained, or any Custom or Usage of the Navy, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one year's Notice, after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, uport

tora't utles Repayment by Parliament of the said Sunt of ten Millions, and of all Arrears of the said yearly Sums of See 3 Geo. i. six hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, or upon Payment thereof by and out of the C 9. §. 1, s, 3, Surplus Moneys of the said Duties and Revenues settled for Payment of the said yearly sums; then and 4, 5, io, 19, si, not till then, all the Impositions and Duties by the said Act of the ninth year of her. late majesty's9 Ann Reign, or by this present at appropriated, shall and may be disposed of by Parliament; and the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, and all Annuities out of the same, and the said yearly.sum of But Corporation eight thousand Pounds shall eeafe and determine; but that the said Corporation by the Name aforesaid, to continue for after such Redemption of the said yearly Sums, shall continue for ever, and have perpetual Suceeilion, vcr, sc. ancj ^aj[ fogy, alml enjoy all such Sorts, Factories, Acquisitions, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all such Benefits of Trade, and other Benefits, Profits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages whatsoever. they would be entitled by the said A, t of the tenth Year of her late majesty's Reign, 'in case the Redemption of their yearly Fund were made pursuant to that Ad; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby enacted, That the said several former Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her late majesty's Reitp, and all the Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Exemptions, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained (being now in Force) touching or concerning the said Corporation, or the said Duties and Revenues by the said Acts or either of them settled, and the said yearly or other Sums to be paid out of the same, or any of them (such Alterations as are made therein by this Act always excepted) shall continue and be put in Execution in relation to the said corpo ra'.ion, and the said Duties or Revenues appropriated by this Act, and the yearly or other Sums hereby charged thereupon, as fully as if the same Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Exemptions, Rules, Directions. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things (except as aforesaid) were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

XI. And whereas by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising nine hundred £* and ten thousand Pounds for public Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of fve Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to authorise a Treaty concerning private Rights claimed, by the e Proprietors of the Sugar hottfes in Scotland, the yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds,

Part of the yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds therein mentioned, is enacted to be a distinct and separate Fund for answering and paying certain Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be purchased upon that Ad, by quarterly Payments, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to a Proviso in that Ad contained in that behalfnow for the Encouragement of such Persons and Corporations as are or shall be willing to advance for the Service of the Public, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the farther Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, for jnirchaling Annuities at the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum., to be settled upon the yearly Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, other Part of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand sixth ndred Pounds, in the Manner herein after mentioned; It is hereby Luther enacted and declared by; the Authority aforesaid, that the said yearly Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, is and shall be a distinct and separate Fund, and be ifl ued and applied (as this Act directs) for answering and paying the Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be purchased upon this Act,

rw£i Part T quarterly Payments, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Proviso herein after were subscribed specified, and under the same Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect touching, ay 6 g.eo. r C the said Fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, or the Payments to be made out of the same, as are by the said Act to be incurred for the like Offence or Neglect, 'in relation to the o C 5. said yearly Fund of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds, or to the Payments charged thereupon; any

so Geo. 1. C V Thing in this dr the said reel ted Ad, or in any other Law. or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever, the said yearly Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, other Part of the said yearly Sum of_fifty four thousand six hundred Pounds, arising into the Receipt of Exchequer, shall be the whole and entire yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall not in any one Year amount to so much as eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, (over and above the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds) then the Moneys so arising, so far as they will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund, for or towards the answering and paying all the Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be purchased upon this af; and that all and every Deficiency and Deficiencies of the said whole yearly sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty. Pounds, or

3

i. Geo. 1. Stat. 8. CI 13, .,

84501. to be a ifund for Annu Sties at 5 1.

Turul to take place.at Mich. W's

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 2r.

any Part thereof, which shall appear at the End of any one Year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, for Payment of such Annuities as shall be purchased upon this Act, at the Rate aforesai.', for the same Year respectively, shall be supplied or made up, from Time to Time, out of the first Aids to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear, and shall from Time to Time be transferred thereunto, as soon as such Aid shall be granted.

XIII. And be 'it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any Perfm or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay to the first or chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time b ing, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and to be paid and payable to fuel' Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administr; tors, successors or A dig ns respectively, until the same shall be redeemed according to the Tenor or true Meaning of the pro vi.so or Condi' on herein after mentioned in that Behalf, so as such Cashier or cashiers do first give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the public Use, the Moneys so to be advanced or contributed, and o account duly for the same; and the Purchase money for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said Calhwr, as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times herein after limited, that is to say, one fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; one other fifth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; one other fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth Day of January thence next ensuing; one o'h'er fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of March then next following; and the remaining fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; all which Annuities lo to be purchased shall not exceed in the whole the said Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four most ufuj.1 Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say) the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the A nunciation of the bleiled Virgin Mary, the Nativity, of Saint John Baptist, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days after every of the said Feast days; the first Payment thereof to be due at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or within six Days after the same Feast day; nevertheless the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition herein after contained in that Behalf, and not other wise; and the said Cashier of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, is hereby authorised and required, upon Advancing and paying to him any such Sum and Sums of Money, as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in Writing, signed by himself for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof, and from Time to Time to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he shall receive of or for the said Sum, not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, as sail as he shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days at the farthest; and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced to him in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof; in which Account the said Cashier shall have just Allowance of all Moneys which he shall have paid for prompt' Payments pursuant to this Act.

XIV. 'And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which" there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid; to which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, from Time to Time, at all seasona ole Times to have Resort and inspect the same, without Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written in Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to be purchased at the p, ate aforesaid, shall be and are hereby.charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Moneys arising and to arise of or for the said yearly Fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, or by other the Provisions or Supplies made or to be made by or in pursuance of

this Act for the Payment thereof, in the Manner and Form by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every Contributor and contributors upon this Act, duly paying the consideration or Purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf for such Annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, or such as he, Ihe or taey shall appoint, his, her or their respective.executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed, 'or to be supplied fox Payment thereof, as aforesaid, and ihalthave good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the.proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same; and that all the said Annuities

la. to

59

Defickncy ro h? mvjc gond tut of the first Ai,: a in Parliament.

Any Perfor.7 may be cvjr.sj, butors.

Times of Payment. V

Calmer to g!v$ a Receipt to Contributors, and lo pay into the Exchequer C

Accountant General of the Dank to keep a Book of the Contributors,

Annuities charged on the Fund of 8450l. See,

6o

C 21. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

to be purchased on this at; and the principal Moneys paid for the same, and every of them, during the Continuance thereof, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever

And for the more easy and sure Payment of the said Annuities to be purchased, as aforesaid,

according to the true Meaning of this present af, 'It is hereby further enacted by the Authority afore bsn!c to employ said. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to a Chier Cafeiir Time, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament according to this Act, appoint and employ Accountant one Efficient Person within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or first: Caftiier, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Cashier to re Moneys that shall or ought to be, from Time to Time, separated or set apart in the Receipt of Exchequer, ceive the Fund for or upon Account of the said yearly Fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, for answer atihe^exchtqiiering Annuities to be purchased upon this Act:, as shall bear a full Proportion to the whole Sum

- 1 j, C which shall be advanced or contributed upon this Act, after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and suc cefl ors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, be from Time to Time, quarterly, as aforesaid, issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or Chief Caftiier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of their Successors for the Time being, by way of Impressed and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Caftiier or Caftiiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from Time to Time without Delay apply and pay the same accor u'ingly, and render his Accounts thereof according to the due Courier of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Accountant Gc

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the Time being shall, from ncrai to lntpcft Time to Time, inspect and examine all the Receipts and Payments of the said Caftiier, and the Vouchers the easier 01 reiat>ng thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every Person Annuities a per or Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the same Annuities to be purchased on this Act, tonal Ertate, &c. and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal Estate, and ths same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Interest at 81. '

XVIII. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay readily to the said

percent, for < Cashier the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act, 'It is provided and enacted by the Lent Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay to the said Caftiier, within the Times limited by this Act, the Purchase money payable for any Annuity or Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall be allowed and paid out of the Contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Prompt Payment of the Purchase money, or of such Proportions of the Purchase money as shall be so advanced before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; the said Interest to be computed for the respective Sums so advanced and paid to the said Cashier, from the Time or respective Times of the actual advancing and paying the same to the said' Caftiier, until the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

Alt the Moneys

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or Toi'm'st ckb^cacontr'^ute^ upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand jon - r C poun(]s? shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one capital or joint Stock, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced upon this Act, shall have and be deemed to have an Interest or Share in the said Stock, and in the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, for the Moneys so by him, her or them advanced; and that the said capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity atcend srock transfer ing the same, shall be assignable and transferrable or deviseable, in the same manner as the joint Stock for ubie. the said Moneys, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, is by the said Act assignable and

transferrable or deviseable, and not otherwise; and in default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and And free from Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; that no Stamp-duties what stamp duties. soever shall be chargeable on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Assignee of

XX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Persons who shall accept any Assignment or Stock liable to Transfer of any Stock from any Contributor, who shall have paid only Part of the Contribution money, pay the Resdiuefor the same upon this Act, shall be liable to pay the Residue of the said Contribution money, and to such of Contribution jp orfeitures for nonpayment thereof, as the original Contributor would have been liable, if no such Transfer

Money unpaid. 1, 1 } 7 0 7

1 r mid been made.

No Contribution

XXI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or be after 29 Sept, admitted to purchase or obtain any of the Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid upon this Act, unless the whole, VP or one fifth Part at lead of the Consideration money for the same, at such Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and

p rid to the said Caftiier, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

Ttnaity for not

XXII. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor, as aforesaid, who shall, on or befora paying by the the said twenty-ninth. Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have advanced to the Times limited. said Cashier one fifth Part of his, her. or their, said Purchase money, or his, her or their Executors,

z. Administrators

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 21. 61

Administrators, successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the find Cashier one other fifth Part of hi?, her or their consideration money lo to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of November then next ensuing; one other Fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth Day of January then next corning; one other Fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of March then next following; and the remaining Fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and in every such Case reflectively, so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid for the first Payment ro the said Cashier for Inch respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Use of the Public, and no Interest, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be payable for the said first Payment; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor Bank to comi

and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or nue 1 .?0, pr'" any their own Funds, in pursuance of the als for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a'p

Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this dcemc(i' C

Act expressed, till all the Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be pure haled

on this Act, shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall rt i see or may be demanded or taken of any his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution ukca moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or other Receipts concerning the same, or for Hilling the said yearly Fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, or any Part thereof, or for paying the said Annuities, or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any such transfer, as aforesaid, of any Sum great or final!, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon wllcn,

one year's Notice, and Repayment by Parliament of the Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds,

or so much thereof as shall be advanced upon this Act, unto the respective Contributors of the same, or r de rt

to such Person and Persons as by, from or under them, shall be then entitled to the said Annuities to besec9 go. i purchased on this Act, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the money.foe. o advanced, according to such Interest as they respectively shall then have in the same Annuities, and also 10 Gc0 5' upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the same Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per

Centum per Annum, if any shall be then due; then and not till then, the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum to be purchased on this Act, shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth so much of the General or Aggregate Fund in the said recited Act mentioned or referred unto, and of the said particular Duties chargeable with these Annuities, as aforesaid, as the same Annuities shall amount unto, shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, but without prejudicing.any other of the yearly Sums or Payments by this or any other Act charged or intended to be charged on the said General or Aggregate Fund, or upon the said particular Duties which shall then remain to be satisfied out of the same; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury., or High The !er Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to allow to the Cashier or Cashiers, who shall receive the nt

said Contribution or advance money, not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, as afore shiry', 'said, for his or their Pains and Charges in receiving and accounting for the same, a Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds, out of the Contribution or advance money aforesaid; and shall also have Power (out of the Remainder of the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, to arise over and above so much as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, to discharge all Moneys which shall be due on the Annuities to be purchased on this and the said former Act) to allow and pay to the said Cashier for the Time being, a Salary or Allowance, not exceeding one hundred Pounds per Annum, for receiving the Money to pay the Annuities upon this Act, and applying the same to that Use, and for his Pains and Charges in keeping and rendering his Accounts thereof; and a Salary or Allowance, not exceeding one hundred Pounds per Annum to the said Accountant General for the Time being, for his Service and Charge in par forming the Duty and Trust incumbent upon him by this Act; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who have Additional r hath contributed or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money upon the said former Act for an Annuity, al!owan<: C after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and hath paid to the said Cashier the whole, or one Fifth, or any greater Part of the contribution money for purchasing such Annuity; and all and every Person and Persons who shall contribute or advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon this or the said former Act for the like Annuity, and shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, pay to the said Cashier the whole, or one Fifth, or any greater Part of the Contribution or consideration money for such Annuity, shall, over and above all other Encouragements before by this or the said former Acts given or allowable, be repaid out of any Moneys which are or shall be

in the Hands of the said Cashier, arisen, or to arise by Contributions, for the Use of the Public, as aforesaid, not only so muen as an additional Allowance after the Rate of twenty Shillings per Centum, to be

Z C 21. Anno primo Georgii Regis, Scat. 2. A.D. 1714.

computed upon the whole Contribution or consideration money, advanced and to be advanced by such Person or Persons, doth or shall amount to, but also so much as another additional Allowance, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum. per Annum, hall amount unto, to be computed upon every Sum advanced, or to be advanced before the Days limited in this or the said former Act (the nrft Payment excepted) from the Time of actual Payment thereof to the said Calmer, until the respective Days when the same by the limited Days aforesaid would become due.

Appropriation xxvriil And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent to his of the fcvei al Majesty, upon one at of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supplies grant to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, igm i^fttt an k Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the

C "jt r "' Loans made or to be made on that Actor thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Mo 1 Geo. 1. flat. nev sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto his ma cz. jesty upon the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, charged and continued by another at of this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and so much Money of the said Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the Loans made or to be made on that Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the 1 Geo. 1. flat, same; and all the Moneys advanced or contributed, or to be advanced or contributed upon an Act of the a., C rs, present Session of Parliament, for raising any sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for public Services, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Allowances prescribed by that Act only excepted; and all the Moneys not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, authorised to be advanced for the like Services, and at the like Rate, upon this present Act, and all the Proceed of

- the said Stock by this Act added, and intended to be added to the Capital Stock of the said Governor and company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas (the Stock for the said Sum of five hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred thirty-nine Pounds and eight Pence, to be transferred to or for the Use of the said Governor and Company in manner as aforesaid, only excepted) shall be appropriated

- and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after pr feribed: That is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million one hundred forty six thousand seven hundred and forty-eight Pounds and eleven Pence, for the

The Navy! Naval Services following, that is to say, for defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea officers, and for Victual, Wages, Wear, and Tear of the Navy, and Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for sea service in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy, rebuilding of Ships, and other extraordinary Works of the Navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards completing the Furniture and Stores of his Majesty's Ships in Repair or to be repaired; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of ninety three thousand six hundred twenty-nine Pounds nineteen Shii gffice of Ord lmgs and nine Pence, for Services relating to his Majesty's Office of Ordnance herein after mentioned, n.nce. that is to say, for the Charges of the said Office for land services performed and to be performed, and to

complete half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the Military Officers and Chap

- who served in the Train of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; and any Sum

- or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million twenty-four thousand nine hundred and seven Pounds five Shillings and twopence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Land

land forces. forces, and other Services herein after expressed, that is to say, for maintaining his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, and his Forces in America, and twelve Companies of Invalids, and three independent Companies in North Britain, for one Year, from the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in Minorca, 'for the same Year: And for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrison in Gibraltar, for the same Year and for the charge of the Officers Servants of the Regiments in Minorca and Gibraltar, from the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for maintaining the three Regiments of Harrison, North and Grey, and Sterne, (in Flanders or elsey/here) from twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand {'even hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for maintaining seven Battalions, confiding of the Royal Regiment of Foot, and the Regiments of Wdbb, Forfair, Hill, Gtrery, and Sutton, (in Flanders or England) from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen till the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, (at which Time they were transferred to the Establishment of Ireland)) for bounty money to difbarided men of several Regiments which were reduced in order to transferring those Regiments to the establishment of Ireland; and for maintaining the additional Forces, consisting of three thousand Dragoons, and four thousand Foot, (including Commission and non commission Officers) and four Companies of Foot added to the coldstream Regiment of foot guards, for one whole Year and to defray the levy money cheliiahofpitiil.for the said additional Forces; and for Support of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and Pay of the gut pensioners

63

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 22.

for for one Year, from the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, (over and above the several Poundages and Days Pay applicable thereunto;,) and for defraying finch Pay or shall pay as his Offi

jesty hath allowed, 'or shall think fit to allow to the Officers of the land forces and Marines disbanded, b. c. ccis ing his Majesty's natural born Subjects, or naturalised, including such Officers of Lieutenant General Hamilton's Regiment of Foot, and excepting such Officers as are or shall be otherwise provided for, from the Time of making such other Provision for them respectively; and for answering other extraordinary Services or Augmentations relating to his Majesty's land forces; and any sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, towards satisfying the Moneys due for Subsidies and Arrears or other debtssubfidiss and upon Account of the land forces; and any Sum not exceeding fifty-three thousand three hundred andarrc" 5' twenty-two Pounds, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the Classis Lottery of the Year one thou q^p1^) find seven hundred and eleven, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and four ^. j. L teen; and any Sum not exceeding fifty-two thousand nine hundred thirty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and eight Pence, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the Classis Lottery in the Year one thousandlo* seven hundred and twelve, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen: tere Q'J

And that the Aids or Supplies provided, as aforesaid, (except before excepted) shall not be issued crap J' plied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned.

Provided always, That such Sums as by any other Act of this Session of Parliament shall be payable to

any Commissioners of Accounts, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or other incident Charges, filial! commissionen and may be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the°<t cc0llnt5> contrary notwithstanding. [Vide 3 Geo. 1. c. 9. & 6 Geo. 1. c. 17.

Concerning South Scci Company, see farther 3 Geo. 1. c. 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 46? ji. 7 Geo. I. C C 5. 7 Geo. 1. Jl. 2. 8 Geo. 1. c. 20.

21 & 22*.9 Geot i. C dr 1 Geo. 2. Jl. z. C S. Get. 2. C 16 £f-20. 4 Geo. 2. c. 5. 5 Geo. 2. c. 17. 6 Geo. 2. c. 25 28. 7 Geo. 2. C jj.9Gco$

2. C 34. 10 Geo. ze, 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3./. o 24 Geo. 2. C z & 11.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of,

Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being truly sensible.how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain and competent Revenue be settled for supporting the Honour and Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive her Royal Consort the most Excellent Prince George Prince of Wales, your majesty's most dearly beloved Son; and considering the Happiness which this Kingdom, by the Blessing of Almighty God, cannot fail to enjoy, by a long Succession of Princes - derived from her most Illuftricus Royal Highness the Princess, who has, with a Combancy and Greatness

of Mind peculiar to herself, given early and never to be forgotten Instances of her Zeal for the Protestant,

Religion; and well knowing, that by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (of blessed Memory) for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the Crown, in r Ann. Sut.

tituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majestf s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, C 7.

all Grants thereof (other than such as are therein expressed) are declared to be void; and that by the

Act made in the ninth Year of laer laid late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing a generalan*. c..k>4 4 boji office for 'all her Majesty's Dominions; and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the'

Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it was enacted, That such part of the Duties and

Revenues arising in or by the General letter office or post office, which was thereby veiled in herma 4- jesty, her Heirs and Successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, should not be alienable,

chargeable or grantable for any Estate, Term or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the - King or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge or Grant respectively; and that all Gifts,

Grants, Alienations and Afturanees whatsoever, to be had or made of, and Charges upon the same Duties

or Revenues, or any Part thereof contrary to the Provision of that Act, should be null and void; Do northeast vertheless most humbly, chearfully and unanimously beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, CV.' -

"Flis Majesty, by Letters Patent, may grant to the Princess of Wales an Annuity of 50, 000l. per An?

num, in case she survive the Prince, to be paid quarterly, viz. 40 000l. per Annum out of the post of

fice.9anritsi C 10. The, remaining 10, 0001. out of the Hereditary Excise. 12 Car. 2.. C His Majesty) by Letters patent, may allure to the Princess Somerset house, chis majesty's Grant of'

44 100, 000/, per Annum, to the Prince of Wales, to be paid without Fees, and free from Taxes. This ».

4' Annuity may be specially charged on such Branches of Custoras and Excise as are applicable to the Civil List, jsv. EXP".

64 C 23

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1714.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for making Provison for the Ministers of the fifty New Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the Parish Church of Saint Mary ifoolnoth in the said City of

London.

0 Ann. C 22. 4

I. MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the

ivil Reign of her date Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty severed '£ Duties upon Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and '4 Suburbs thereof and other Purposis therein mentioned, it was cnadded, That for all Sorts of Coals and Culm, which from and after the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, should be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there should he paid to her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Succef fors, by way of Imposition thereupon, over and besides all other Impositions and Duties, according to the Rates therein and herein after mentioned; that is to say, from and after the said fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for all such Sorts of "Coals and Culm as are usually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, the Sum of two Shillings; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of two Shillings; and from and after the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, there should be paid for every such said Chalder of Coals and Culm, and Tun of Coals, the Sum of three Shillings, the same to be raised, levied, collected and paid to her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, as therein is mentioned: And it is thereby further enacted,

That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, which should be raised, collected, and levied by vir tue of that Act (the necessary Charges of raising, managing and accounting for the same, excepted) 4 should, from Time to Time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, and by Force and Virtue of that Act were and should be appropriated, issued, applied and disposed, for the Building of fifty new Churches of Stone and other proper Materials, with Towers or Steeples to each of them; 4 whereof one was by the said Act directed to be erected in the Parish of Enjl Greenwich in the County of Kent; and for purchasing of Sites of Churches, and churchyards, and burying places, in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof; and for making such Chapels, as were then already built and capable thereof, parish churches, and for purchasing Houses for the Habitations of the Ministers of the said Churches; and for applying the Sum of four thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Duties and Impositions, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, and the Chapels of the same; and also for applying the Sum of six thousand Pounds per An 4 mem, out of the said Duties and Impositions arising by that Act, towards the finishing Greenwich Hospital, and the Chapels thereunto belonging, and to and for none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: 4 and.it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful, to and for her said late Maje. 4 fty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute, and appoint

such Persons as her said late Majesty should think fit to be Commissioners for the Purposes in that Act mentioned; which said Commissioners, or so many of them as should by the said Commission be authorized, are "try the said Act directed to inquire and inform themselves, in what Parishes the said new Churches (except that for Greenwich) were most necessary to be built, and of proper Places for the Sites of the said respective new Churches, and also a Cemetery or churchyard for each of the said Churches, for the Burial of Christian People, to be purchased; and also which of the said Chapels were fit to be made parish churches; and to ascertain the several Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Bounds and Limits which in their Judgments or Opinion might be fit to be made distinct Parishes; and to inquire and inform themselves, by the heft.means they could, of the Value of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests therein, which they should think necessary to be purchased for the said Sites and Cemeteries, and for Houses for the Habita tions of the respective Ministers; and the said Commissioners were by the said Act required on or be fore the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to report or certify to her said late Majesty in Writing, under their Hands anil Seals, such Matters and Things as should appear to them upon their Inquiries aforesaid, with their Opinions thereupon, and present a Duplicate of such Report or Certificate to each of the two Houses of Parliament, to the end such further Direc tions might be given thereupon, as might be pursuant to her said late majesty's pious Intentions in the so Ann. C n. 4 Premises: whereas by one other Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, entitled, yin al for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty,

pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty severed Duties on Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned,

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 23. 65,

( and also for giving the said Commissioners further Pi wars for the better effecting the same, and for appointing Moneys for rebuilding the partfi church of St. Mary Woolnoth in the City of London; reciting therein t in Part the said recited Act, and that in pursuance thereof her said late Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, did nominate, constitute, and appoint (ever! I Commissioners for the Purposes in the said first recited Act mentioned, with such Powers and Authorities as in the same Act9 Ann, C

are expressed; and further reciting, that the said Commissioners did apply themselves to (he Execution of the Powers therein mentioned, but could not perfect within the Time limited what was by the said

£ intended j it was therefore enacted by the said Add of the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, That notwithstanding the Time limited by the said Letters Patent was expired, it Should and might be lawful, to and for the said Commissioners so appointed by the said Letters Patent, or any live or more of them, and they were thereby authorised and required to meet, from Time to Time, as often as there should be Occasion, either with or without Adjournments, and to inquire and inform themselves of all and every the Matters and Things therein committed to them, or any five or more of them, 9Ana. C 21. in or by the said first recited Actor by that present Act intended to be by them performed, until they should have completed and finished the same: And it was thereby further provided and enacted, That

it should and might be lawful, to and for her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute and appoint such Persons to be of to execute all and every the Powers in the said l'several Acts mentioned, as her said late Majesty j0 Am. C: i, C should think fit; and from such Appointment so made, the Powers granted by the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, to the Commissioners in the former Letters Patent, should determine: And whereas her said late Majesty did, in pursuance of the said last recited Act, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain., bearing Date on or about the seven and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, nominate, constitute, and appoint several Persons to

1 be Commissioners for the Purposes in the said recited Acts mentioned; and that they, or any five or more of them, should do, perform and execute all and every the Powers, Matters and Things in and by the said recited Acts, and either of them, appointed to be done and performed: We your majesty's mod

dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being zealous to provide such Supplies as may enable your Majesty to pursue your pious and gracious Intentions, to pro i videfer the Maintenance of the Ministers who are to attend the Service of God in the new Churches to be erected, pursuant to the said recited Acts of Parliament, in or about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, for the Honour of the Church of England, and the Advancement of our Holy Religion, do moult humbly present to your Majesty the several Impositions, Rates, and Duties

herein, after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Additional King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo imposition on ral and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for allcoals nd Culm Sort of Coals and Culm which, from and afer the twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven rj0°, 7ot lon°o?- hundred and twenty-four, and before the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and&ci frorn sept.' twenty-five, shall be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames, 27, 1714, to within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sept. 2s, 1725. Successors, by way of Imposition thereupon, over and besides all other Impositions and Duties, according to the Rates hereafter mentioned, that is to say. For all such Sorts of Coals and Culm as are usually sold il the by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, the Sum of Note on 6 & 7 three Shillings; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every Tun thereof, containing w. 3. C is. twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of three Shillings: Which said respective Sums of three Shillings sort "e ras;

every Chalder of Coals and Culm, and Tun of Coals, shall from Time to Time, during the Term be fore mentioned, be raised, levied, collected and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same nv in Force. Manner, Method and Form, and at such Places, and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under such penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned, expressed and referred unto, in and 'by any Act, Law,

Statute, Adds, Laws or Statutes now in Force, for raising, levying, collecting, or answering any otherfce fff duty or Duties now payable to his Majesty for or upon any Coals or Culm whatsoever, imported or iter 22 Geo. 2. brought Coastwil'e into the said Port of London; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penal 037. 30g.u ties. Forfeitures, Disabilities, Articles, Rules and Clauses in the same Adds, Laws, and Statutes, orany1 j9 A2*of them, mentioned or contained (except such and so much of them for and concerning which it is otherwise provided in this present Atl) shall be of such Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes for the raising, levying, collecting and answering the Impositions hereby granted, for and during the said Term herein before limited, as if the same were particularly and at large set down and enacted by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Sum and Sums of the Money u? Money, which shall be raised, collected and levied by virtue of this Act (the necessary Charges of raising, be brought inta managing and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be brought and paid into thethe exch03r.tr, Receipt of Exchequer, and by Force and Virtue of this Act, are and shall be appropriated for and towards the providing due Maintenances for the Ministers to attend the Service of God in the new Churches n, r.cy0ythe to be erected in and about the Cities of London and Westmitijier, and Suburbs thereof, pursuant to the said Minuter, recited Acts of Parliament, and shall for that Purpose be issued, applied and dispofrd in such Manner, as Part or this shall hereafter be directed by Parliament. Money ho to

1 - ipi ics.

i C IQ. L it. 1.

HI

£6 C 24.j 25. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Not to extend

III. Provided, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be confirmed to ex to Coals for the tend to charge or lay any of the Duties or Impositions hereby imposed upon such Coals, (not exceeding one uie of chelsea. hundred Chalders by the Year) as shall be brought into the Port of London from Newcastle upon Tine, or any other Place, for the only Use and Service of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The may

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for Vissioner utcx^ Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from ccuteti ie'i'imtrs Time to Time, to nominate, constitute and appoint such Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and succef in (he former fors, shall think fit, to be Commissioners, who, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to exe aiis. cute all and every the Powers, Matters, and Things in and by the said recited Adds, or eidier of them,

appointed to be done and performed; anything in the Adds before recited, or in any other Actor anj t inform Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: And also to inquire and inform themselves in what Manner, by thsn.felvcshow and out of the Duties hereby granted, and otherwise, a due Maintenance may be provided and settled for a^mamifnance^ tj, e Ministers who are to attend the Service of God in the said new Churches, to be erected and built i Jr'the said Mi an about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; which said Commissioners, or

r.'tiers'" any five or more of them, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred And shall, before and sixteen, report or certify to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Writing under their Hands and March 25, 1716, Seals, such Matters and Things as shall appear to them upon their Inquiries as aforesaid, with their opi certify their En nions thereupon, and present a Duplicate of such Report or Certificate to each of the two Houses of par ma eftt0 and lament, to the end such further Directions may be given thereupon, as may be pursuant to his Majesty's give' Duplicate pus Intentions in the Premiflbs; and from such Appointment of new Commissioners so to be made, the

to eac Parliamen!

The former Commissioners Power to deter

h House of Powers granted to, or vested in the Commissioners in the said last recited Letters Patent named, shall determine; but nevertheless all Contracts and Agreements, which were made and perfected by the said commissioners, in the said last recited Letters Patent named, on or before the twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be of the same Force and Effect as they would have been, if this present Act had not been made.

But their Contracts before Aug. 20, 1715, to be in Force.

t'huifc for re V And whereas the Provision made by the said recited Act of the tenth Year of her said late maje ri fh thurcljo'f3"' sty's Reigifi for rebuilding the parish church of St. Mary Woolnooth, London, is at present ineffectual, by St. Mary Wool' reason of the great Charges and Encumbrances upon the Duty and Revenue from which the said Provision noth, London. 4 was to issue; it is absolutely necessary that the said Church should he immediately rebuiltre it to Ann. C 11. therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said parish church of St. Mary woolnoth, and the Tower thereof, shall be rebuilt and finished in such manner as the said Commissioners already authorised, or the Commissioners to be authorised by virtue of this Act, shall direct, out of the Duties granted by the Ann, C 22. jvqj recited Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign; and that the Moneys to be employed for that Purpose shall be replaced and made good out of, and by the Moneys applicable by virtue of the said Act of the tenth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, to the rebuilding and finishing the said Church and the Tower thereof. Vide i Geo. 2. c. 8. 4 Geo. 1. C 5. & 4 & 5 Geo. X C 9.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine and state the Debts due to the Army.

EXP.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to prevent dlfhirbances by Seamen, and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving and continuing an Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

WHEREAS diverse Fightings, Quarrelliirgs and Disturbanees, do often happen in and about his rtfrlti^t. majesty's Offices, Yards and Stores belonging to his Majesty's Royal Navy, and frequent

1. C 4. 4 Differences and Disorders are occasioned in and about the Office of his Majesty's Treasury of the Navy,

sf; pay days in London, Portsmouth, and other Places of Meeting for the Service of the said navy, by

7 3. C the Linreasonable Turbulency of Seamen, and others, attending on or relating to that Service, or their

t tsf9y, Creditors, or by the Rudeness of the Officers entrusted with his Majesty's Stores on Land, or in his Roy

C 23. J C al Ships, when they are questioned by the Principal Officers and Commissioners of the said Navy, either

9 4# 10 IV 3. 1 for Neglect orlmbezilment of his Majesty's Provisions, Ammunition, or other Equipage of the Navy

under their Charge, not only to the Disturbance of the Peace, hut sometimes to the Danger and Hin + 4/3'4»* t France of his Majesty's Service, both in point of husbanding his Majesty's Revenue, and also in the

f. 19, Dispatch of the Ships, on which the Honour and Safety of his Majesty and Kingdom so much depends,

10 Ann. C ij.*which.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stint. 2. C 25. 67

which Inconveniencies require a speedier Remedy than the ordinary Course of justice; Parties ac cussed or offending being many Times bound to Sea, and the principal Officers and Commissioners for want of Authority to suppress such Insolvencies and Difoiders, and hear, determine and punish such Of fences, being necessitated to pal's by many Offences in which his Majesty might he righted, if their northeast

Attendance on that important Service would permit the i'rofccutton of the Offenders before other

C ordinary Judicatures: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Trcjfcrrr, and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament al '*nai' sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the' '

Adds, and the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, or any one or more ol them shall, from 'vvio rail j and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing, have Power and Authority, by Warrant under a jibjiic;. h: any one or more of their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offenders to be apprehended and brought before Y him or them, and to examine and punish all such Person and Persons whom he or they, upon their Inquiry and Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath lie or they are hereby empowered to ?dn: i ftef) or upon Confession of the Party or Parties ncciifed, or on View in his or their Prudence, shall find to make, or have made any such Dillurbance, Fighting, or Quarrelling in any the Yards, Stores, Offices or Places aforesaid, at pay days, or on other Occasions relating to the Naval Services, in such man ner as followed) (that is to say) that they, or jmy one or more of them, may punish any the said Offences by Fine, Imprisonment, or either of them, the fine not exceeding twenty" Shillings, and iirprifomnent not exceeding one Week; and have Power in such Cases to commit such Person to the next Gaol, or to the Custody of the Messenger or Messengers for the Time being attendant on them, who rclpti tiidy are to receive and detain such Person so offending; and that the said principal Officers and Commissioners, or any one or more of them then prefertf, have hereby Power and Authority to discharge such Fine or imprisonment, if they think fit, and for Nonpayment of the Fine so impol ed and not remitted, to imprison the Party offending until Payment thereof, or otherwise to cause such Offender or Offenders to be sent to the next House of correction to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept at hard Labour for the Space of two Months, without Bail or Mainprize, which said Fines shall be paid to the Clerk of the Chest at Chatham for the Use of the maimed Seamen.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officers and Commis ans may hint sioners, or any one or more of them (in Cases where greater Example or Punishment L needful) may also the °^'?d='st0 bind the Person or Person so offending, to their good Behaviour, and to answer the Offences whereof, they shall be accused, at the next Assizes or General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County or Place !>_. aii^sa C where such Offence shall be committed, with or without Securities, as Occasion shall be; and in default of such Securities, where the same shall be required, to commit the Person or Persons offending, as aforesaid, to the common Goal of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, in order to their being prosecuted for such Offence or Offences at the next Assizes or General quarter sessions of the Peace for such County or Place.

III. And whereas diverse of his Majesty's Stores and Ammunition, pertaining to his Navy and Ship ping, or Service thereof, are often privately imbezilled or filched away For the more effebhial Dif The officer covery of such Stores and Ammunition, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the'ra?0w7e dj said principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or "any one or more of them, shall have r ovczu" ent of hereby Power to inquire, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to empower any Person or navjstores, Persons to search for the same jit all Places, in like manner as Justices of Peace may do in case of Felony, 3n punish the and punish the Offenders by such Fine and Imprisonment, as aforesaid, the Value of the Goods form bezilled or filched away, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, and cause the Goods to be broughtvtnte fjnber in again; and if the Offence he of such Nature as doth require an higher and severer Punishment, then % CII < .*24. that they, any one or more of them, may commit such Offender to the next Gaol, or to the Custody of 1 Gm. 2. p. 2. their Messenger or Messengers aforesaid, tiff he or they offending enter into Recognisance with Surety orc 9 4 sureties, according to the Nature of the Offence, to appear and answer to the same in his Majesty's court'q.i'i 7 of Exchequer, or other Court where his Majesty shall question him or them for the same, within otie Year is s7; following, on Process duly served for that Purpose on such Offender or Offenders. n.l. 29, n Gm.

2. C 30. I j

Geo. 2. c. 3, 46? 17. 14geo* 2. C 38. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. i3 Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 3; Geo. 2. c. 10.

IV. And whereas diverse ill disposed Persons upon Pretence of carrying his Majesty's Naval Goods,

Provisions, Victuals, Stores and Ammunition from his Majesty's y. rds, W barfs, Storehouses, or other

Places, to his Majesty's Ship or Ships, or to such Ship or Ships as are employed in his Majesty's Service,

or such Persons as are employed to recarry or remove from the said Ship or Ships such Naval Stores,

Goods, Provisions, Victuals, Stores and Ammunition, to such his Majesty's Yards, Wharves, Store 6 houses, or other Places, do frequently imbezil, take and carry them away, where they cannot be found,

and remove themselves to places unknown, before they can be apprehended or convicted by due Process of Law, by reason that those witness es that Should prove the said t aifts are bound forth to Sea, or otherwise employed elsewhere, and it is found necessary that Justice be more speedily done in such Cases, than by

ordinary Course of Law it can be: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trea when >hegoods surer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the Abfs and Commissioners of the Navy, for the Time being, or embez i j .1= any one or more of them, where the Goods so imbezilled, taken or carried away, shall be under the va q1*r 'he Value lue of twenty Shillings, shall have full Power and Authority, upon the Oath of one or more witnesses

tuned

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

ior t Months.

(which they or any of them have hereby Power to administer) or Confession of such Party so offending, 'as aforesaid, or other legal Proof thereof, to convict the Party or Parties so offending, by Writing under his or any of their Hands and Seals, and to impose such Fine or Fines upon all or every such Person or Persons so offending and convicted, as aforesaid, as to the said Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the Acts, and the Commissioners of the Navy, for the Time being, or any one or more of themy Fine to be levicj n h's or their Discretion seem meet; the said Fine or Fines not exceeding double the Value of the bydstress and Naval Goods, Provisions, Victuals, Stores or Ammunition so imbezilled or carried awaywhich fine for want thereof or Fines shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, by virtue of the Warrant of Imprisonment such Officer or Officers who shall so convict the said Offender, directed in manner aforesaid. Person or Persons aforesaid, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner of such Goods; or in case no fuss ficieut Distress can fe sound, as aforesaid, the Party or Parties so offending shall, by virtue of the Warrant of such Officer before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, be imprisoned in the next Gaol for any Space of Time, not exceeding three Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the Acts and Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, or any one or more of them, upon Oath of one or more credible Witnesses (which he and they have hereby Power to administer) testifying. That his Majesty's Naval Goods, Stores, Ammunition, or Naval Provisions. any Part thereof, are conveyed into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, and mentioning the Name of such ship or Vessel being at Anchor, and not ready to sail that Tide, within any of the Roads, Harbours, Creeks, or Rivers within his Majesty's Dominions, or any Person or Persons by their or one of their Warrant or Warrants (in which Warrant or Warrants the Quantity or Quality of such Goods shall be specified) thereunto authorised and appointed in the daytime, shall have full po ver and Authority to go on board any such Ship or vessel whatsoever, being within any of the Places aforesaid 3 and incase Reliftance or Refusal be made upon Demand, to enter and break open the Hatches and Cabbins, or other Places of such Ship or Vessel, and search therein for any such Naval Goods, Stores, Ammunition or Provisions belonging.to his Majesty's Navy, which have been imbezilled, purloined and taken away; and the same to seize, take and carry away to any of his Majesty's Yards or store houses, to be applied to his Majesty sufe, unless the said Officers and Commissioners, upon hearing the Matter, shall find they were unduly seized, and thereupon re -- store them to the Party claiming the same, which they are hereby impowereifto do.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who fhalfcoun terfeit the Hands of the Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the Acts, or of the Commissioners of the Navy, or of any of them, or the Hand or Hands of the signing or vouching Officers of his Majesty's Navy, Ships or Yards, or the Hand or Hands of any one or more of them, to any Bill, Ticket, or other papers, by virtue whereof his Majesty's Naval Treafuie is or may be paid or disposed of, or shall know ingly produce any such counterfeit Ticket, Bill, or other Paper, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall or may be lawfully commitied to Prison by the said Officers or Commissioners, any one of them, until he shall find Surety to appear at the next General Assizes or quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, i own or Place where such Offender shall be so committed to Prison. be there proceeded against according to Law.

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth and tenth years of the Reign of his late Majesty William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his Majestfs Stores of jfar, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and abuse^in paying seamen's Wages, among other Things

Nival Stores imbezilled and put on ship hoard shall be seized by Warrant of the said Treasurer C

Punishment of counterfeiting toe Hand of the Treasurer. C

9 & 10 W. 3. C 41-

Concerning bin be % iiment of tia val Stores, see f itther 5 Geo. 1.

11. /. 16. 6

Geo. I. C 15.

S Geo. 1. c. 12.9 Geo. 1. c. 8.

2 Geo. a. C 35. 17 Geo. a. C 40.

there

Persons convicted, of any the

in contained, reciting, That forasmuch as diverse wicked Persons for Lucre and Gain, had personated; Seamen who hud really served, or were supposed to have served on board of his Majesty's Ships, and thereby had received diverse Sums of his Majesty's Money at the pay office, or elsewhere, of his Majesty's Officers appointed for Payment of his Majesty's Fleet and Ships, in Deceit as well of his Majesty as of the Persons who had really served on board any of his Majesty's Ships; and had also for such wick ed Purposes forged and counterfeited diverse Letters of Attorney, or Bills of Sale, and Assignments, or Last Wills, in the Name or Names of Persons who had really served, or were supposed to have served: board his Majesty's said Ships; and had and did also procure daily, diverse Men and Women to per sonate, and diverse wicked Persons did of their own accord perfoliate the Wives, Relations or Creditors

of such Seamen, who had or were supposed to have served on board of his Majesty's Ships, and thereby had falsely taken out of Letters of Administration to such Seaman or Seamen, having served or supposed to have served on board of his Majesty's Ships, or had forged and counterfeited Letters of Attorney, 4 Bills of Sale, or other Authorities, in the Names of the Executors or Administrators of such seamen,

for the Receipt of such Wages as were due or supposed to be due to such Seamen, having served or supposed to have served, as aforesaid: the Prevention of which said wicked Practises, it was thereby

enacted, That all and every such Person or Persons, his, her or their Aiders or Abettors, that should he convicted of the said Crimes and Offences committed, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, should for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties to be inflicted by any Laws then in Force, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Colts of Prosecution: whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether

any Offender or Offenders, who shall or may be convicted of some or one of the Crimes or Offences

mentioned in the said Act, and shall not be convicted of all the same Crimes and Offences, shall - the said Act is penned, be subject and liable to the Penalties in the said Act imposed on such Offenders For explaining whereof, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person

shall be convicted of ali or any

Crimes in the and Persons, his, her, gj; their Aiders or Abettors, Aider or Abettor, that

C 25.

69

the Crimes or Offences aforesaid in the said last recited Act mentioned shall, for every such Crime or Of, {, fence, over and above the Penalties to be inflidhed by any other Law now in Force, be subject and liable to ^rif!ir: enr the Pains and Penalties inflidhed by the said last mentioned Act, to be recovered and distributed as in the therebyii fl a same recited Adh is mentioned. cj.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and^!lt may be lawful to and for the Judge, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried or convidhed of all or any the Crimes or Offences before mentioned, to mitigate the said Penalties b^' and Forfeitures by the same Act imposed, according to his or their Pifcretion, or in lieu thereof, to punish such Offender or Offenders in the Premises corporally, by causing him, her or them, to be publicly whipped and committed to some public work house, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space ot three Months, or less Time, as to such Judge, Justice or Justices, shall in his or their Pifcretion feern meet; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

more of them, the Secretary or Secretaries of the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing thvrk°ivi'ng, the Office of Lord high Admiral for the Time being, and to and for the Treasurer, Comptroller, Survey: &: Majuih'. or, Clerk of the Adds, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, or for any one or Tteafure, C more of them, to administer an Oath or Oaths, in any Case or Cases relating to the receiving, keeping, if f ling and accounting for any Part of his Majesty's Treasure, Victuals, Stores, or Provisions of his Majesty's navy, or for the Preservation of due Order and Discipline therein, or in any other Matter or Thing relating to his Majesty's Navy, or the Affairs thereof.

X. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer, The Treasurer

Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the Aifts, and the Commissioners of the Navy, for the Time being, or thevy, any one or more of them, may execute all and every the Powers hereby, or by any other Law given them, thdww here or any of them, on all and every the Offenders aforesaid, in all Places as well within Liberties as without; by given them, any Law, Statute, Ordinance, Charter, or Privilege to the contrary notwithstanding. as well within

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Clause, Sentence, or other Matter in this Act Liberties as contained, shall repeal, alter, change, or be interpreted to make void any of the Clauses, Matters or vlthout* Things, specified orcontained in one Act of Parliament made in the two and twentieth Year of the reign'r*lis Aaftall of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from

such as Jleal Cloth from the Rack, and from such as fall Jleal or imbezil his Majestfs Ammunition caul Stores; Car 3_ C'but that the same Act shall remain in full Force and Virtue, for and notwithstanding anything herein contained.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers hereby given to any Officer The aoimiraity or Commissioner of the Navy, may be exercised by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland form3yexe'ut: e 4= the Time being, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and "ers ln tbls Ireland for the Time being, or any one or more of them.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall be punished by vir nn be

tue of this Act, shall be punished by forte of any other Law for the same Offence. ja? P "n, lho1

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act, and ojidn7c arne

also the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King. William the third, shall al?'d C be deemed, construed, allowed and taken notice of in all Courts of Law and Equity, and by all Judges Act &10 W. and Justices whatsoever, and in all other Places and Jurisdictions whatsoever, without pleading or letting 3. C 41. shall forth the same, as and for public Acts to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. be deemed Pub

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the Convidhions and lcka. Judgments which shall be had, made or given in nurfuance of this Adh, shall be final, and not subject tobe*' any Appeal or Certiorari, nor be removed, superseded or suspended thereby, or by any of them; any Law,: na]j L Statute, or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons fued at any Time be sued or prosecuted for or on account of any Matter or Thing by him or them done or exe may plead the cuted in pursuance of this Adh, or the said Adh mad: in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Generalise, King tvtlliam the Third, he or they shall or may plead the General iltlie, and give this Adh and the said last&c' mentioned Act, and the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence, and if upon a Trial a Verdict.

shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nenfuit, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, or Judgement shall otherwise pass' for the Defendant or Defendants therein, and shall recover then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiffdou!>, e cofis or Plaintiffs, to be levied in such Manner as Costs in other Actions may be levied.

XVII. And it is hereby enached by the Authority aforesaid, That an Adh made in the eleventh Year of the Acts of ij the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual suppress sclz'n t ': 'l' sing of Piracy, which was thereby to be in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the nextand 5 Abneninc'

Session of Parliament, after the Expiration of the said seven Years, and which by an Adh made in the fifth |t'rce°durin5 Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing the Laws therein men this at. tioned relating to the Poor, and to the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy, was enacted to remain in full Force ior seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing, be revived, and the same is hereby enacted to be in Force during the Continuance of this Act.

XVIII

yo C 26. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1714.

Duration of thea XVIII Provided, That this Act shall be in Force for five Years, and to the End of the next Seffihn o Ac Parliament, after the Expiration of the said five Years, and no longer, [Made perpetual by 9 Geo. i

See 6 Geo. I. r. C. 3- J

lg. and G Geo. I. C 2.4* fr lte mm cffcsvalfbfpr effing of Piracy.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned relating to Coals, Hemp and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the Assize of Bread; and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter sessions for the County of Anglefeh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

'The act of 9 Ann. C 2s.

The Act of 11 & 12 W. 3. C

The Act of 3 & 4 Ann. C S. continued. Farther continued by 3 Gest, j. C si

The Act of 8 Ann. C 18. continued.

I, XX WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found beneficial and iifefui,

are expired or near expiring Therefore, for continuing the same. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the ninth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to disolve the present, and prevent the future Combination of Coal oumers, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and

zoa C p^rpetua, otj}er^ to afvance the price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the coaltrade, which was to continue for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which Ad was further continued by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, which will expire at the Lnd of this Session of Parliament, shall be made perpetual.

IE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament, held in the eleventh and twelfth Years of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for made perpe tjh jjetfer ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax, which was to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which Ad was further continued by an Act made in the Canne. 28. sixth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, for seven Years, from the Expiration thereof; which Ad was further continued by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty King George, and will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the Ad made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, as relates to the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen to the West indies, shall continue and remain in full Force for the Term of one Year and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held In the eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to

i3g, regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, which was to continue for three Years, and from thence to the End

aa Geo. ic, 46. of the next Session of Parliament; which Ad was further continued by the said Act made in the first Year Sec farther 31 of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, and will expire at the End of this present Session of Par

2. C 19

liament, shall be, continue an 1 remain in full Eorce for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

Ann. C is. V And whereas by the said Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, a Penalty of forty Shillings is laid upon all Persons baking or making Bread for Sale, or exposing to Sale any Bread wanting the due Weight,

or that should not be marked according to the Direction of the said Act; which said Penalty hath by' Experience, been found to be too great a Hardship, and tended very much to the Oppression of the Bakers, sometimes for very minute and inconsiderable Defaults, and such as they (through the many Accidents the said Trade is subject to) cannot always prevent, some small Diminution of Weight, by being overbaked, stale, or one Loaf slicking to another, while the other hath the over weight; and t.re Mark put upon Bread, by reason of the fermenting of the Yeit, becoming very often imperfect, and sometimes not apparent: 'p'or Remedy of which Hardffiips for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Penalty of forty Shillings, mentioned in the said Act for want of Weight of Bread, or not being marked, and upon no other Account, according to the Directions of the said Act, shall from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen be repealed; and that from and after the said first Day of September, if any Baker, or other Person or Persons, baking or making Bread for Sale, or exposing Bread to Sale, shall bake, make, sell or expose to Sale any Bread which shall be. deficient in Weight (according to the Assize of Bread to be let pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act) to the Amount of one Ounce or more, he, she or they so doing, being thereoflawfully convicted, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Ounce of Bread so wanting, and for any Bread wanting any Weight less than an Ounce, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence; such Bread being complained of and weighed before a Magistrate, or Justice or Justices of Peace, or before any Person by him or them appointed, within twenty-four Hours after the same shall be baked or exposed to Sale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Bills of Mortality, and within three Days in all other Cities, Towns or Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and town.of Berwick upon Tweed, the said forfeiture and Forfeitures to be given to the Use of the Informer or Informers, and to be adjudged, levied and recovered in such Manner as the said Penalty of forty Shillings is by the said Act of the eighth Year of her said late majesty's reign, to be adjudged, levied and recovered. " 'VI.

The Penalty In 8 Ana. C is, repealed.

After i Sept. 1713. Bakers making Bread deficient in Weight shall for every Ounce forfeit 5 s. and wanting less is. 6 d.

When profecu ttori to be.

Forfeiture to the Informer, sad to be recave red as by S Ann. C is.

A.D. 1714. Anno primo Georgii Regis, Stat. 2. C. 27. 71

VI. And whereas in the said recited Act of the eighth Year of her said majesty's Reign, there is no Provision made for making and selling Peck, half peck, Quartern, and Half quartern Loaves, which some Magistrates, pursuant to the Power and Authority to them given by the said Act, have thought fit to allow of and licence in some Places, while others have thought lit not to allow of or licence the same:

And forasmuch as several of his Majesty's Subjects are defirotts to have such Sort of Bread; 'Be it therefore pcck L navcf, further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Baker or Bakers shall and may, from to the

and after the fall firli Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, make, bake, fell, and ari, i'rable m expose to Sale, Peck, half peck, Quartern, and half quartern Loaves, so as the same are made and sold, 8 Anne. i8, both as to Weight and Price, in proportion to the Assize table contained in the fiiij former Act.

VII. And to the intent that the Assize of Bread may be truly set, according to the real Prices of Wheat, Meal, of Elour, whereof such Bread is made; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, every '0j Time the Assize is or shall be altered, according to the Powers by the said reciftd Act given, the Prices to be certified on. of Grain, Meal, and Flour in the adjacent Markets where such Assize shall be set (the said Prices to be Orth before the ascertained according to the Winchester Measure) hall, from Time to Time, be given in and certified lor<1m'), ors: C upen Oath before the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or to the said chief Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, who by the said Act are re peflively authorised and impowerci to set' such Assize, by the Clerk or Clerks of the respective adjacent Market, or such other Person or Persons as the said Magistrate shall appoint; so that they may set the Assize accordingly, and make such a reasonable

Die

The a/tize of

Allowance to the Bakers for their Charges, Pains, and Livelihood, as heretofore has been accustomed:

that the Assize of Bread for the City of London and weekly Bills of Mortality (the City of tveflmin mintter, CC Jhr and Liberties thereof, the Borough of Southwark and weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, excepted) to be excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be set by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City offct b)' the Ccotc London, or by the Lord Mayor of the said City, for the Time being, by Order of the said Court; anything in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. "r'*c'ci'ri'

VIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of King Ed 4 ward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the keeping of the Great Sejfiom, Quart er sessions, and County courts at the Town of Beaumaris in the County of Anglesea; It was enacted, That as well the Great Sessions of D) r t3j.

: nil and every Shire, and cnuntv dnv nr Days and Spflinns nf t hp Ppare. rn hi. r

Grant, Law, Usage or Prescription theretofore had, obtained, or used, in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding Be it nevertheless hereby enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace The Justices of the said County of Anglesea, to adjourn the Quarter sessions to be held for the said County, from Time to Time, to any other i'art of the said County, as to them shall seem meet and convenient, for thctseflions of An

the Quarter

Ease and Benefit of such as shall be obliged to take the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken to his Majesty, gievea, for the his Heirs and Successors, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. eafo.of such as.

'shall take the Oaths,

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for talcing and Rating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Public in Scotland and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

WHEREAS by the fifteenth Article contained in the Acts for Union of the two Kingdoms of engr rstiting thr. 4 Vy land and Scotland, It is recited or mentioned, That by the Term's of the Treaty for the said jj, c\ra Q f' 4 Union, the Subjects of Scotland, for preserving an Equality of Trade throughout the united Kingdom, jan, onc. sv wotdd he liable to several Customs and Excises then payable in England, which would be applicable '

towards Payment of the Debts of England contrasted before the Union: And it was agreed, that Scotland should have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof shoulil be so charged towards Payment of the said Debts of England, in all Particulars whatsoever, in Manner therein mentioned, viz. That the Sunt of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five rounds and ten Shillings should be granted to her late Majesty by the Parliament of England, for the Uses therein mentioned, being thfc Equivalent to be'

answered to Scotland, for such Parts of the said Customs and Excises upon all exciseable Liquors, with which that Kingdom was to be charged upon the Union, as would be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions which the then present Customs in Scotland, being, thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, did bear to the Customs in England, computed at one million three hundred forty-one thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds per Annum; and which the then present

Excises on exciseable Liquors in Scotland, being thirty-three thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum?,

did bear to the Excises on exciseable Liquors in England, computed at nine hundred forty seven thousand six hundred and two Pounds per Annum, and in regard that after the Union, Scotland becoming, liable to the said Customs and Duties payable on Import and Export, and to the same Excises. on all exciseable 6 Liquors, as, in England, as well upon that Account, as upon the Account of the Increase of Trade and People, the said Revenues would much improve beyond the before mentioned annual Values thereof, of which no Eftknate could then be made: Yet nevertheless, for the Reasons aforesaid, it is in the said Article declared, That a proportionable Equivalent ought to be answered to Scotland; and k was

agreed, That after the Union there should be an Account kept of the said Duties, arising in \ Scotland,

C 27. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2, A.D. 1714.

Scotland, to the end it might appear what ought to be answered to Scotland, as an Equivalent for suck Proportion of the said Increase as Should be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England: And for the further and more effectual answering the several Ends mentioned in that Article; It was agreed. That from and after the Union the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs and Duties on Export and Import, and Excises upon exciseable Liquors in Scotland, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above Hated, Should go and be applied for the Term of seven Years to the Uses therein mentioned; and that upon the said Account there should be answered to Scotland annually, from the End of seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent in proportion to such Parts of the said Increase, as should be applicable to the Debts of England; and generally that an Equivalent should be answered to Scotland, for such Parts of the English Debts as Scotland might thereafter become liable to pay by reason of the Union, other than such for which Appropriations had then been made by Parliament in England, of the Customs, or other Duties on Export and Import, or Excises on all exciseable Liquors; in respect of which Debts, Equivalents were therein before provided: And by the Lid fifteenth Article it was provided. That the Lid Sum of three hundred.ninety eight thousand eighty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, and also the whole Increase of the said revenues of Customs, Duties and Excises, above the then present Value, which should arise in Scotland during the said Term of seven Years, together with the Equivalent which should become due upon the Improvement thereof in Scotland after the said Term; and also as to all other Sums which, according to the Agreements therein mentioned,

should become payable to Scotland by way of Equivalent for what that Kingdom should thereafter become liable towards Payment of the Debts of England, Should be applied to the respective Uses therein men. 4 tioned; and her late Majesty was thereby empowered to appoint commissioners for the Purposes therein mentioned; which Commissioners should be impowered to call for, receive and dispose tyre Moneys aforesaid, and to inspect the Books of the several Collectors of the said Revenues, and of all other Duties from whence an Equivalent might arise; and the Collectors and Managers of the said Revenues and Duties were thereby obliged to give to the said Commissioners subscribed authentic Abbreviates of the Produce of such Revenues and Duties arising in their respective Districts; and that the said of should have their Office within the limits of Scotland, and should in such Office keep Books containing Accounts of the Amount of the Equivalents, and how the same should have been disposed of from Time to Time, which might be inspected by any of the Subjects desiring the same: And whereas the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds and ten Shillings was duly paid to Scotland,

to be applied to the said Uses, according to the act of Union, and other Acts of Parliament since made in that Behalf; and her said late Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, did appoint Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, but the Lid Commissioners, by reason of several Dif' 4 Lenities, and particularly for want of the proper Vouchers and Accounts, whereby the Debts of England incurred before the Union, and for which Provision has been made since the Treaty of Union,

might be distinguished from the Charges and Service of the several following Years, could not keep such Books as the said Article directedp For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Commissioners shall be appointed and authorised to the Purposes after mentioned; which Commissioners his Majesty is hereby empowered to nominate and appoint under the Great Seal of Great Britain, with such Salaries to the Commissioners, and Allowances for clerks, and incident Charges, as his Majesty shall think fit, for taking, examining and stating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent; which Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorised to ilvue their Precepts to all Officers whatsoever, employed or to be im jionert ri ay issue ployed in the managing, eolledling, receiving or paying the public Revenue, or in rendering, controlling Offirtreof the or au<^'t'ng the Accounts of the same, to give such Accounts and Abbreviates duly signed, as to these public Reve Commissioners shall appear necessary for that Purpose; particularly the said Commissioners are hereby nues. authorised to take and Rate the Accounts of what Equivalents and Increase have become due to Scotland,

And date the according to the Agreements in the said Treaty, from the Commencement of the Union to the first Day of Accounts trom j^y one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and of the Application of the Moneys levied in Great Britain, ma tr°10jn J in the several Years since the Union, distinguishing the Parts which have been applied for Payment of the

ay'7^ Debts of England incurred before the Union, front such Parts as have been for the Service of the united

Kingdom in the several subsequent Years, and of all public Moneys that by any Ways or Means whatsoever have arisen and were due and payable in Scotland, during the first seven Years after the Union, according to the said Treaty of Union, and of all Arrears yet Handing out proper to the Account of that Time; and also of the public Money due and payable for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, or before that Time, which has since been paid, or is still Handing out; and of the Civil and Military Establishment for that Year and in like Manner of what Moneys have been advanced and paid out of the Treasury of England towards making up the actual Expense which should have been provided for by the Parliament of Scotland, and of the State of the Revenues of both Nations, as computed at the

Time of the Treaty, and for the several Years since; as alo to take and, state what Proportion of the Increase of the Customs and Excise of Scotland, over and above the annual Produce of these respective Duties, as Hated in the fifteenth Article of Union, are. and will, after the Expiration of the Term of seven Years mentioned in that Article, be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England contracted before the Union; and to take and state an Account of what Parts of the Duties imposed since the Union, are and will be applicable to the Payment of the like Debts incurred before that Time; and generally, to specify the Parts and Proportions of the Revalue of Scotland, and every.branch thereof, which are and

1 U

The King may jppftint commissioners for Rating; the Equivalents

The Commis;

; most excellent a, in this

C 27.

tr /1

will be applicable to the Payment of the said. Debts in England, in consequence of the Appropriations made ft rice the ( reaty of Union and the Time of the Continuance of these Appropriations, to the end that a true and jull State and Account of all these Matters may be made up pursuant to the Agreements in the said Treaty of Union, according to the true Meaning and Intent thereof, and a Report thereof may be laid before the King and both Houses of Parliament, for their final Determination thereupon.

II. And it is further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall and may, and Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorised to administer an Oath to the proper Officers from whom theylaay, act: 01niftur receive any Accounts or Abbreviates, as to the Truth and Justness of such Accounts, to the best of their jl15' Knowledge.

III. And it is hereby declared, That this Commission, together with the Powers hereby granted, shall How long t!.c continue in full Force and Virtue from the Issuing thereof, during the Space of one whole Year and till con mulinn the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to the Intent and Purpose that the Accounts between the vo'°gtinuc two Nations, upon the Agreements in the Treaty of.union, may be fully Hated, and laid before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That none of the said Officers or Persons, who are hereby required to obey such Officers not ot.

Precepts of the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall be obliged, fey doing thereof, to travel further than 'i'"110 I: avcl the Cities of London, Westminster, and Edinburgh, or any of them. f"'l!cr thtn, V

V. Provided also, That if the said Commissioners, in the Execution of this Act, shall meet with Diffi burgh.

culties in Points of Law, the same shall be specially Hated in their Report for Determination in Par difficulties in liament. Point of Law to

VI. An be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any two of the said Commissioners, b, C

before they enter upon the Execution of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Lord High Chancellor of of Great Britain, or Mailer of the Rolls, (which Oath they, or either of them, are hereby respectively auto be sworn. thorized and required to administer to them;,) the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth:

and Things brought, or to be brought before me, in Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act for takiio and sating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland, by ivayof Equivalent in the Terms of the Union, and for Relief of the Creditors of the Public in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.'

Arid every other of the said Commissioners to be appointed by his Majesty, pursuant to this Act, before he enters upon the Execution of the said Act, shall likewise take the same Oath before the said of, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same to them, after having taken the said Oath themselves, as aforesaid.

VII. And for the Relief of the Creditors of the Public in Scotland, and of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, until the Accounts herein after mentioned are taken and Hated, according to the true Meaning of this adi be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords Commissioners t h Treasury of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and may, on or before the first Day nia(jfi"u.e, of November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, issue their or his Order or Orders for the Payment of 22 1 tosj.|, e a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two Pounds eight Shillings and seven Pence of three Farthings, to the Commissioners of Equivalent in Scotland for the Time being, or any Person or of Equivalent ia Persons to be appointed by them, or any two of them, out of any Moneys arisen or to arise by the said Re Scotland, venues of Customs and Excise of Scotland, or either of them; which Sum of fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two Pounds eight Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, shall be applied by the said Commis for Payment of sioners of Equivalent, and they are hereby directed and required to apply the same, for Payment of one car s In year's intereh, viz. from the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty u'e r fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, of the capital Sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, and five sixth Parts of one Penny, Hated due to the said Creditors of the public in Scotland on the twenty. fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, by an Act of the twelfth Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to dif publick^nscot!. charge and acquit the Commissioners of Equivalent for the Sum of three hundred eighty one thousandjive hundred\ms, by iz An. and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence flats penny, by them duly jjiied out of th Sum of three hundred Scat. 2. C 13, ninety-eight thouj and eighty fve Pounds and ten Shillings, which they received', and for the Payment of the A: ld: or Salaries of the said Commissioners of Equivalent, and of the Fees and Salaries of their Servants', and commffirn«> s necessary Charges, from the said twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to salaries the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; which Sum so to be advanced and The raid Sen, to paid to the said Commissioners of the Equivalent for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be brought into the Ace brought into counts to betaken and Hated by the said Commissioners to be appointed by this Act, and chargeable upon account any Moneys which now are or hereafter shall be found due to Scotland.

---

[Commissioners shall incur no Penalties, &c.]

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Commissioners to be appointed pursuant to this act, shall incur any Penalties, Forfeiture, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, for putting this Act in Execution.

[Vide 3 Geo. 1. c. 14. & 5 Geo. 1. c. 20.j

74 C. 28 — 33. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intitled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance.

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory,

[10 Ann. c. 13.]

intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance; it was enacted and declared, That the Christmas Vacation of the Session or College of Justice, and all other inferior Courts of Justice in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall yearly, in all Time coming, continue and endure from the twentieth Day of December to the tenth of January, both inclusive: And whereas also the said Vacation has been by Experience found to be a great Interruption to the Course of Business and Administration of Justice, and greatly prejudicial to the Subjects of that Part of Great Britain:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Act 10 Anne c. 13. repealed.]

That the aforesaid Act passed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for allowing a Time for two hundred and thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to entitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act of the seventh Year of her late majesty's Reign, for naturalising foreign Protestants.

EXP.

---

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnas Britannia, Francis & Hibernian

primo.

AT

the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our So

Note; The Style £ of the Rolls to

afl/hthe^ame vere gn Lord George, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King,

as in Page 5, Defender of the Faith, C being the first Session of this present Parliament: And from thence continued

without any Al by several Adjournments to the ninth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign.'

seration.

---

CAP. XXX.

An Act for continuing the Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

EXP.

4s. in the Pound.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray, Esq; commonly called Marquess of Tullihardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond, Esq; commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason.

PR.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied or shall levy War against his Majesty

'I. WHEREAS a horrid and unnatural Rebellion and War has been openly and traitorously raised and levied against his Majesty within this Realm, and is still continued, with Design to depose and murder his most sacred Majesty, and to set a Popish Pretender, bred up and instructed in Romish Superstition and arbitrary Principles, on the Throne of these Realms: And whereas great Numbers of such as have joined in the said Rebellion, have been, by his Majesty's Vigilance and Care, lately seized, and for safer Custody necessarily distributed into several Prisons in different Counties: And whereas many of the Chief of the said Rebels have been, in order to lay open and discover the Foundations and Causes of the said Rebellion and Treasons, with much Trouble and Expense to the Crown, brought up to London, and Parts adjacent, in order to be examined: And forasmuch as Bills of Indictment, as the Law now stands, are to be found in the Counties where the said Treasons are

75 A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 34 — 36.

committed: But as it will be very inconvenient to the public Justice of the Nation, that the Judges should remain so long in the said Counties as will be necessary for trying of the said Offenders, so it will be very burdensome and grievous to the Freeholders of the same Counties to attend so many Trials as may be necessary to be had for the Safety of the Public: To the End therefore that the said Offenders may not conceive any Hope of Impunity from the Distance of the several Counties where the said Treasons are committed, or from any Power or Interest they may have therein, and that Justice may more speedily and securely be administered against the said Offenders, and proper Examples made, in such reasonable Time as may be a Means to suppress the Remains of the said Rebellion, and preserve the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms:' Be it enacted, &c.

"All Persons in Custody for High Treason before Jan. 23, 1716, may be tried in such Shire as his Majesty shall direct. And no Challenge for the Shire shall be allowed. Peers shall be tried by their Peers. The Place of Indictment or Trial not to be altered, unless the Persons indicted have been in actual Rebellion."

EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining and stating the Debts due to the Army, in the Room of Thomas Smith, Esq; deceased; for continuing the former Act until the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

EXP.

CAP. XXXVI.

---

An act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for compelling several Receivers to finish and clear their Accounts; and for making Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit tickets; and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery ad, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for recovering Moneys of several Land taxes, reding in the Hands of Collectors or Constables at St. Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Sope; and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Calicoes, and other Things therein mentioned. 4

XIV. AND whereas by an act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen For preventing Anne, amongst other Things, for laying several Duties upon all Sope made in Great Britain, or !lrauds m e 4 imported into the same; It is enacted, That if any Makers of Sope shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or " 9?

cause to be hid or concealed, any Sope chargeable by the said Act, or any the Materials for making the se<3. 18.

same, to the Intent to deceive her Majesty of the just Duties by the said Act granted, that then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds

And whereas by one other Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, amongst ia Ann. Stat. 2. 4 other Things, for laying additional Duties on Sope, farther Duties are granted upon Sope; and by the said C 9last mentioned Act it is amongst other Things enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Direc tions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, contained in the said Act of the tenth Year of her said majesty's Reign, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing and paying the said Duties on Sope, as are by the said last mentioned Act charged with new or additional Duties thereupon, should be continued, practised and put in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying,

recovering, securing and paying the same new or additional Duties by the said last mentioned Act granted,

and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particu larly and at large repeated in the Body of the said last mentioned Act; except in such Cases only where any Alteration therein is specially made by the said last mentioned Act, as by the said several Acts more at large may appear: And whereas the Penalties by the before mentioned Acts provided, to prevent the Hiding and Concealing of Sope, have by Experience been found ineffectual, and not sufficient to prevent or restrain the fraudulent Hiding and Concealing thereof, in regard the Duties of one Boiling of Sope so hid and concealed, may and often do amount to fifty Pounds or more, whereby some ill disposed Persons have been encouraged and induced to hide and conceal several great Quantities of Sope, to the great Diminution of the Revenues arising by the Duties laid upon Sope, and to the great Discouragement of other fair Traders and Makers of Sope, who duly pay the full Duties upon Sope, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said several recited Acts; 'For Remedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the sixteenth Day of aj. ril in the Year of our Lord

7°

After 16 April 3716, concealing Sope, C forfeits jocl. and the Sope.

Penalty how to be sued for, C See farther, concerning Duty on Sept t t Geo. 1. c. 30. §. 36.

Clause for limiting a Time for Persons who have Annuities for Life or Lives, to demand the Payments thereof at the Exchequer.

3 &4 Ann. C

2, & 3 Ann. C 3.

C 36. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, any Maker of Sope shall fraudulently hide and conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Sope chargeable by the said several recited Acts, or any the Materials for making the same, to the intent to deceive his Majesty of the just Duties by the said Acts granted, that then and' in every such Case the Party or Parties offending shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and also all the Sope so hid and concealed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties for hiding and concealing of Sope, and Materials for making of Sope, by this act finposed, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such Ways and Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture i: n — posed by any of the Laws of Excise may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated; and that one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be. for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety for the Use of the Person or Persons that shall inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne., 'intituled, An Act for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities) for carrying on the present War, it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of her then said majesty's Exchequer for her Majesty's Use,

at or before the respective Days and Times in the said Act limited in that behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of eight hundred seventy seven thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence, for purchasing such several and respective Annuities for ninety-nine Years as are therein mentioned: And whereas Liberty was given by the said Act of the third Year of her said late Majesty, That any Person or Persons being as original Contributors, or by mesne> or by any other lawful Ways and Means, entitled to any Estate for one, two or three Lives 5 in Being, of or in any Annuity purchased or obtained upon an Act of the second Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as ere

therein mentioned, for changing or converting the said Estate for one, two or three Lives, into a certain. Term for ninety-nine Years, upon and for the Considerations therein expressed: And whereas some of the Nominees for whose Lives some of the said Annuities are held, are Foreigners, or live in foreign or remote Parts of this Kingdom, so as that they cannot be found or heard of; and that the Parties that are

or were entitled to such Annuities do not come or send to demand the said Annuities, whereby it is be

1 come uncertain whether such Nominees be living or dead, or were so at the Time of purchasing such Reversions, whereby the Titles of the Purchasers of such Reversions are become, and will become disputable For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Annuity or Annuities (whereupon the Reversion or Reversions were or shall he purchased, as aforesaid) have not, or flail not be demanded at the Exchequer for the Space of two Years ndxt after the same did become, or shall become payable; and in case Certificates of the Life and Lives of any Nominee or Nominees, upon whose Life or Lives any Annuities do depend, have not been, or shall not be produced to the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer, or sufficient Proof made thereof, according to the Rules prescribed by former Acts, within two Years next after the said Annuities have or shall from Time to Time become payable; then and from' thenceforth, and from and after the Expiration of the said two Years, such Nominee and Nominees, of whose Life or Lives no such Certificate hath been or shall be produced, or Probf made, as aforesaid, shall be taken to be dead, and the Person or Persons that hath purchased, or shall hereafter purchase such Reversion or Reversions of such Annuity' or Annuities, expedlant upon the Death of such Nominee or Nominees, of whose Life or Lives no such Certificate hath or shall be

produced, or Proof made, as aforesaid, shall receive the said respective Annuity and Annuities, from Time to Time, until such Certificates shall be produced, or Proof made, and shall not be accountable for such Part of the said Annuity as he shall then have actually received for default of such Certificate or Proof; anything in this, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And for the more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Duty laid upon printing, paint ing, or flaming Paper to serve for Hangings or other ules be it further enacted by the Authority afore gfficerto uke said. That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, before any such Account of the Paper shall be printed, painted or stained, the Officers for the said Duties on such printed, painted or Qn ant ties and Rained Paper, as aforesaid, shall be permitted to take Accounts of the Quantities and Dimensions' of all

Paper for printing, painting or llaining, which at any Time or Times shall be in the Custody or Posies

p the UE1L' fion of any such Printer, Painter or Stainer, and upon taking such Account thereof, shall mark or stamp

so Ann. C j9. tvery Sheet and Piece thereof with a Stamp or Seal already provided, or hereafter to be provided, in pursuance of the Act for granting of the said Duties for the marking or {lamping of Silks, Calicoes, Linens or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained or died, thereby to denote that such Account has been taken of such Knch Paper mif Paper; and in case any Officer or Officers shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such Paper whereof he had before taken such Accounts, and shall not upon reasonable Demand receive Satisfaction what is become of the same, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Printer, Fainter or Stainer of Paper, with the Duties of such Paper so missing, as if the same were actually printed, painted or stained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, who shall before ft, imping, print, paint, lain or dye any Paper chargeable with the said Duty, shall remove, carry or send away, or fairer to be removed, carried or sent away, any Paper by him, her or them printed, painted or stained respectively, until such Time as the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of every particular Quantity

After 1 June 1716. befere Paper be painted,

Officer to charge it with the Duties.

Paper removed

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 36.- 7.7

tity of such Paper so to be carried away, and until every particular Piece and Parcel of such Paper shall be

duly marked with such Stamp or Seal, as aforesaid, denoting the charging of the said Duty, on Pain to

forfeit twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all the printed, painted or Pained Paper, so carried forfeits 2© 1, C

away without being marked with such Stamp or Seal denoting the charging the said Duty, and leinj found

in the Possession of any Stationer, or other Trader or Dealer therein, or of any other Person or Persons for the Use of such Stationer, Trader or Dealer: for Sale, shall and may be seized and recovered, one

Moiety thereof for the Use of his Majepy, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety for the Use

of the Seifor or Informer.

XIX. And whereas several Stationers, Merchants, and other Traders and Dealers in Paper, have or Dealcrsin pain

have on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for Sale, either by Wholesale P a

( or Retail, respective Stocks or Quantities of such printed, painted or Pained Paper, which have already of the: V Sto ic

been duly charged wilt the said Duty, but are not market with any Stamp or Seal, denoting the charging in Hand on r

thereof: 'Be it therefore further enacted byi the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Merchant, Sta June '1^. tioner, Trader and Dealer in such Paper, having on the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in his, her or their cupody onpoffeflion, or in the Ctifiody or popession of any other Person or Persons, for his, her or their Benefit, Use or Account, any Stock, Parcel or Quantity of Paptr so printed, painted or Pained, being for Sale, shall (upon Pain of forfeiting for every Keghdt the Sum of On Penalty of thirty Pounds) deliver or cause to be delivered, on or before the said firp Day of June one thousand seven 3°*» hundred and sixteen, at the Office for the said Duties, next to the Place and Places respectively, where such Stock shall or may happen to be, a Particular in Writing figried by themselves or their Appointments, of their several Stocks before mentioned, describing the whole Quantities and Kinds thereof dipirnply, to the end and intent that the same may be duly Pampt and marked with such Stamp or Seal, denoting the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties how Duties on Paper, shall be seed for, levied and recovered, or.u> te sued for.

view the same, and to take an Account thereof; and upon doing thereof, are hereby empowered and required to mark or Pamp the same, with such Stamp or Seal, denoting the charging the said Duties; and all and every such Merchants, Stationers, and other Traders and Dealers in such printed; painted or Pained Paper, shall be obliged by force and virtue of this Aip, (if thereunto required) to permit and super the properlhe irn" Officer and Officers for the said Duties, to make such Entrance and View, as aforesaid, and to take such Account and Accounts, and so to mark such Paper; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse to permitr efufing en such Officer or Officers to enter into their Shojls, Warehouses and other Places (being thereunto required) trance forfeits there to view and take such Account and Accounts, and to mark and Pamp such Stocks of such printed, 100'painted or Pained Paper, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, then every such Person for every such Refusal, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the by this Act imp ofed, relating to the said mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered iz Danes ox mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Paper, i of his majepy's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Session, Court of jupiciary, or Court Go. i. C T. io of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, Gn C 27- shall be to his Majepy, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, that shall discover, inform or fuq for the same.

XXI. And whereas several Persons do travel in several Parts of this Kingdom, and print, paint, Persons printing Pain or dye Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, but remove from the Places where they so print, paint. Silks, &c. at. Pain or dye, the same, to Parts remote, without, paying any Duty for the same, by means whereof the fijn°^e'r^cc said Duties are lofi and cannot be recovered or Remedy whereof, be.it further enacted by the Ati oi thei/ufnd6 thority aforesaid, i hat from and after the prp Day of June one thousand seven Hundred and sixteen, Residence, to where any Person or Persons shall take upon him, her or them, to print, paint, Pain, or dye any Silks, make a p. mi calicoes, Linens or stuff's, at any other Place than the Place of his, her or their usual Residence, or Ex cular Entry of ercife of his, her or their Trade, all such Persons shall, before he, Pie. or they print, paint. Pain or dye 'intone any such Silks, Calicoes, Linens or Stuffs, make a particular Entry of all such Silks, Calicoes, Linens " "pl n'n'" or Stuffs so by him, her or them intended to be printed, 'painted, Pained or dyed, with the Officer for the said Duties of the Division or Place where he, Pie or they shall so intend to print, paint. Pain or dye the same, and pay down to the said Officer all the Duties charged, or which would be due for such Goods so and paydown intended to be printed, painted, Pained or dyed, upon priming, painting. Paining or dying the same, t, !e djllts before he, Pie or they proceed to print, paint, Pain or dye such Goods, or any Part thereof; and if such Person or Persons shall print, paint, pain or dye any such. Silks, Calicoes, Linens or Stuffs, without making such Entry, and paying down the Duties thereof, as aforesaid, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid; Penalty ok and moreover all such Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs so printed, painted. Pained or dyed, without 5°1, such Entry and Payment of Duty, as aforesaid, shall be, and may be lei fed immediately by such Officer; one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures to be paid to his Majepy, his Heirs and Successors, and the s, t;, er r, other Moiety to the Person or Persons that shall sue or inform for the same. dlnb'g S/M

C ij.9 Geo. L C S, I Gen. z. C 17. 23 2. C9£fzo, 26 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. t. 17.

78 C 37 — 39.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2.

CAP. XXXVII.

A.D. 1715.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown in North jfales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales and Earldom of Chesterhave formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales; and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

"It shall be lawful for his Majesty to grant to the Prince, all the Honours, Castles, C belonging to the "Crown, in Wales, Monmouth, and the County Palatine of Chester. His Majesty may grant to the said <£ Prince the like Jurisdiction, cas King James I. granted to Prince Henry, &c. The Prince may "make Leases, &c. of the Premises, for 31 Years or three Lives. All Leases and Grants made by his "Royal Highness, of any Manors, C in the Duchy of Cornwall shall be good. Proviso, that such "C be made only for 31 Years or three Lives, and not difpunishable of Waste, and that the "ufua] Rent be reserved, and where there has been no such Rent, the 20th Part of the Value shall be reserved. EXP."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments.

5 w, & M. C s WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of their late yv Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of ever Blessed Memory) intituled, An Act for the gjj. C 14. 'frequent Meeting and calling of Parliaments: It was among other Things enacted, That from thenceforth 'EH. 3. 10. no Parliament whatsoever, that should at any Time then after.be called, assembled or held, should have

16 Car 2. C 1. any Continuance longer than for three Years only at the farthest, to be accounted from the Day on which

1 w. &m.fejj. < ky the Writ of Summons the said Parliament should be appointed to meet: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the said Clause hath proved very grievous and burdensome, by occasioning

much greater and more continued Expenses in order to Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,

and more violent and lasting Heats and Animosities among the Subjects of this Realm, than were ever known before the said Clause was enacted; the said Provision, if it should continue, may probably

at this Juncture, when a restless and Popish Faction are designing and endeavouring to renew the Rebel lion within this Kingdom, and an Invasion from Abroad, be destructive to the Peace and Security of the Government; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

Parliaments of the same. That this present Parliament, and all Parliaments that shall at any Time hereafter be called, thai have conti assembled or held, shall and may respectively have Continuance for seven Years, and no longer, to be ac. mierj6" counted from the Day on which by the Writ of Summons this present Parliament hath been, or any fu ftonw dissolved ture Parliament shall be appointed to meet, unless this present, or any such Parliament hereafter to be the King, summoned, shall be sooner dissolved by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

For farther Provisions relating to Parliament, see I Geo. J. Jl. %. C 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 3s.

Ji Geo. 2. c. 24. j3 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. j9 Geo. 2. C zb, 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons who have ailed in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

WHEREAS in the Year of our Lord one thousand fcveli hundred and fifteen, as well in the Time r' V y of, as before the unnatural Rebellion, which begun in or about the Months of September or Octo

in the same Year, diverse Lord lieutenants, Deputy lieutenants, Justices of the reace, Mayors,

Bailiffs of Corporations, Constables, and other Officers and Persons well affected to his Majesty and his Government, in order to preserve our present happy Establishment, and the Peace of this Kingdom,

and to suppress and put all End to the said Rebellion, apprehended and put into Custody, and imprisoned several Criminals, and several Persons, who they suspected might disturb the public Peace, or some nt or promote riots, Tumults, Rebellions, or evil Designs against the Government; and also £ and used several Horses, Arms, and other Things, and also pressed.divers Horses, Carts and Carriages, for the Service of the Public; and did for the Purposes aforesaid enter into the Houses and Pof selfioris of several Persons; and did quarter and cause to be quartered diverse Soldiers and others in the

Houses

79

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 40 — 43.

Houses of diverse Persons; and did diverse Acts which could not be justified by the strict Forms of Law,

and yet were necessary, and so much for the Service of the Public, that they ought to be justified by Act of Parliament, and the Persons by whom they were.transacted ought to be indemnified Be it therefore enacted, C,

All personal Actions, c. for anything done In order to suppress the Rebellion in 1716. shall be discharged. And if commenced again, the person sued may plead the General lll'ue, C Double Costs.

"EXP."

CAP. XL

An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited.

EXP.

For nine Months after March 31, 1716. Cochineal may be imported in any Vessel and from any Port."

CAP. XLI.

An Act for giving Liberty to Persons who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the making Bays within the said Town.

"Persons having served Apprenticeships in Golchefer, in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture may "follow the Trade of Bayinaking in the said Town. Saving to the Governors of the Dutch Bay hall "there, their Rights, &c. Persons having used the Trade for seven Years may continue to use it."

CAP. XLII.

An Act for the Attainder of George Earl of Marischal, Wiliam Earl of Seqforth, James Earl of Sontbrfque, srcz Geo. 2. <» James Earl of Panmuir, and others of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to Justice by a 22.

Day certain therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XLIII

An act to continue Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money, and to charge the Duties on Senna as a Medicinal Drug; and for the appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty.

I. MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; great Benefit and Advantage did accrue to 4 J.VX England by one Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty is Car. 2. C 5. 4 King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for encouraging of Coinage, and continued by another Act 25 Car. 2. C S. made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles, intituled, An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage; both which said Acts were revived by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second, and were continued by an Act made in the fourth Year of King William, and Queen Mary, of Blessed Memory, and were further continued by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King William, and were further continued by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of Blessed Memory, 1 Jac. 2. C

to be in Force for seven Years from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, and i w. M. 4 until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; so that unless the said Acts be revived and continued, the Encouragement given thereby will cease, and this Kingdom be I, J'3' 4 deprived for the future of so great a Good as it hath for many f ears last past enjoyed: Now we your 7'ann. C 24.

majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties, and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term and Time herein after expressed, and do humbly pray that it may be enacted And be Coinage Duties it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi continued for 7 ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Years' same, That such and the like Rates, Duties and Impositions, as by the said Act of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second were granted, and by the said subsequent Acts, scar zee were continued, for and upon the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy, and Strong' ' imported, during the respective Terms therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer,

Brandy, and strong waters, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain within or during the Continued from Space of seven Years, to commence from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, March 1730. and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all thef°merenyears, said former Acts, and all other Acts of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every cyjt> an'/fm Clause, Article, and Sentence in them or any of them contained, now being in Force, shall be and are by virtue

So*;

ther by 19 Geo. 2. c. 14.

continued. farther fir even Tears by 27 Geo.

Deficiency in the Coinage duty, how to be supplied.

12 Car. 2. C 4.

S & 4 Ann. C 4. to S.

After9 May 1716. Senna to pay as a Medicinal Drug. Senna imported by Mr. Vernon is excepted by 6 Geo. 1. c. 11. set. 53.

Stock in Hand to pay, if exceeding 20 Pounds Weight.

Drugfters, Set. to make, a just Entry of their Senna by 25 june-1716, C

Pfaalty 40l.

0.-43., Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

virtue of this A revived and continued, and shall be in Force, and be duly, put in Execution, for and du rtng all such Term and Time as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

2. C II and again by 1 Geo. 3. c. 16, f

II. And to the End the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of England and Scotland respecte tively, may not be discouraged by any deficiency of the Revenue by this at settled for defraying the Coinage thereof: ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now be ng, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out of the Moneys arising by this al, or out of any other the publick Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, to tause so mucfftmoney to be applied, as shall he necessary for defraying the Expenses of the said Mints of England and Scotland respectively, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for that Service, so as the same, together with the coinage duties arising by this act!do not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Moneys be issued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the Mailer of the Mint in England., and the general of the Mint in Scotland respactively, for the said Purposes.

III. And whereas in the Book of Rates annexed to an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, a Rate is fixed upon Senna under the Title of Drugs, in wder to pay the Duty charged thereon by the said Act; which Act has been continued by several subsequent Acts now in Force: And whereas the said Duty is by a subsequent Act inereased, and further Duties are by several other Acts laid upon the Importation of all Drugs, all which Acts are still in Force: And whereas by several of the said last mentioned' Acts, Drugs' used in Dying are exempted from Payment of the respective Duties thereby granted; and for the better adjusting the Duties upon

Goods used in Dying, by an Act of the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, for continuing Duties on Low wines and other things therein mentioned; it is declared what Goods are meant to be ( used in Dying, amongst which Senna is contained; nevertheless it being notorious that Senna is not or ever Was used in the Dying Trade, but was inserted in the said last mentioned Act, by Mistake, to the great Loss of his Majesty's Revenue in the Duties intended to be paid for the same For Prevention thereof for the future, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Senna imported into Great Britain, after the ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties charged by the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, and by the several Acts for increasing and, continuing the same, and to all and every other the respective Duties laid, or intended to be laid by other respective Acts, as if the said j Exemptions in the several Acts for Goods or Drugs used in Dying had not been therein inserted; Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

See farther S Geo. j. C 15* 17 Geo. 2. 4. 31. 25 Geo. 2. c. 32. 31 Geo. 2. C iz & 35.

CIV. And whereas: several Merchants and other Traders, and Dealers in Senna, have, or may have, on the ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, several Stocks or Quantities of Senna It is hereby further enacted, That all Merchants, Drugiters, or other Persons who do sell or retail Senna, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or possession of any other Person or Persons in Trull for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their life. Benefit, or Account, any Stock or Quantity of Senna (such Stock or Quantity respectively exceeding twenty Pounds Weight) within the Re. lm of Great Britain, being for Sale, shall yield and pay unto his Majesty for every Pound o.f.such sen nv, so much as will make up the Duties thereof equal to the Duties intended to be payable for Senna by virtue of this Act hereafter to be imported; which said Duties shall be paid within three Months after the said ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

V. And to die end the said Stocks of Senna may be known, and the Duties thereupon duly afeer tained and secured It is hereby enacted, That all, and every the said. Merchants, 'Drugiters, and other Persons selling or retailing Senna, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, make a.just Entry thereof at the customhouse nearest the place where such Senna doth remain, as aforesaid, and permit the proper Officers of the Customs thereunto to be.appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of june one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to enter into his, her, or their Warehouses or other Places where such Stocks of Senna, exceeding the Quantity of twenty Pounds, as aforesaid, are to be found, and to view, weigh, and take Account of the same; and if any such Merchant, Drugller or other Person selling or retailing Senna, shall neglect to make such Entry at the customhouse within the tifn'e aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit such officer or Officers to enter into his, her, or their Warehouses. other Places, (if thereunto required) there to view the said. Stock as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, ordhalfeide, remove, or convey away the said Senna with Intent to defraud his Majesty, or shall not pay his Majesty's Dues: for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, then for every or any such Offence, the Merchant, 'Drugller, or other Person selling or retailing senna respectively offending, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered and, 'distributed in like manner as any of the Penalties and Forfeitures for die nonpayment of the Duties due on the Importa

4'tion

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 43. Si

tion of Senna' are to be recovered and distributed by any Act or Acts of Parliament 'now'in' Force relating thereunto: Provided, That if such Persons, lo chargeable for any Stocks of Senna, shall pdy his ma od. percent, jesty's Duties due for the same, by virtue of this Act, before the End of three Months, then he, fheyiorhor prompt they shall be allowed for such prompt Payment after the rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for vc fit"' "' ry Sum so advanced; and iifcafe of Exportation thereof, or any Part thereof, within twelve Months after t aaa d" 1 ntry made, as aforesaid, the said Duties payable by this Act for such Stocks of Senna shall be discharged The twelve" "

repaid. t! Months enlarg'd to three Years by 7 Geo. r. stjt. 1. C 21. (, 0.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent, and to be lent to his maje clauseof a? fty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a propriat on or' land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and so much

Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall ai ife and remain after all the Loans, made or to '/oco^ 'An. z. be made on that Act, or thereby transferred, ordirebted to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest there C V of, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2, be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent, and to be lent to his Majesty upon the Duties on C 36 malt, Muni, Cydery and Perry, charged and continued by another Act of this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and so much Money of the said Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry thereby granted or continued as shall arise or remain (if any such be) after all the Loans made or to be made on that Act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for.raising the said Duties thereby charged, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall r be reserved to discharge the same; shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for Or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein exprelted, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; ..That rs to say, it is hereby enabled and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifiucd and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of nine buna dred eighty-four thousand four hundred seventy two Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence, for the naval Naval Service. Services following, that is to say, for defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea officers, and for Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the navy, and Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for sea service in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for extraordinary Repairs of the Navy, and other Services of: the Navy and Transports Ortnanc*. performed and to be performed; and any Sum not exceeding one hundred and twenty-two thousand four hundred ninety six Pounds eighteen Shillings and twopence halfpenny, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for land services performed and to be performed, including half pays in that Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million rive hundred twenty thousand eightjr two Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, 'for maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other Services herein after expressed, That is to say, for maintaining Guards, garril'o'ns, Land force?, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, and twenty-eight Companies of Invalids, and three independent Companies in North Britain, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; for maintaining his Majesty's Forces in his Majestyypjantatioins in America, 'lor, the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen 5. and for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrison in Minorca', for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.; .; for maintaining his Majesty's Forces, and Garrison in Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for the Pay of six thousand Men taken into his Majesty's Service from the states-general of the united Provinces, and for the Charge of the General Officers belonging to the same for one Year and to make good several Expenses for the Service of his Majesty's land forces, in the Year open thousand seven hundred and fifteen, over and above the Sum of one hundred thirty-two thousand five hundred sixty fh ree Pounds nine Shi lt'i figs 'and sixpence; saved by the Pay of thirteen Regiments of Dragoons, eight Regiments of Foot, and four Companies of the Coldstream Regiment, from the one and twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the twenty-fourth of December following, and for several extraordinary Expenses for the Service of his Majesty's land forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and to make up the half pay to the Officers of the land forces and Marines disbanded (being his Majesty's natural born Subject;, or iia' turalized) full Pay for one Year, from the twenty sixth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the twenty-fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; for half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, upon Account, tonhe Officers of the land forces and Mis f rines disbanded, being his Majesty's natural born Subjects, or naturalised; and to defray several, extraopid rmary Charges relating to the Demolition, and other Charges s\t<dunkirk, and for answering. other extraordinary services or Augmentations relating to his Majesty's land forces; and any Sinn nofcexceeding fifty Deikie; «; thousand eight hundred eighty six Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, to make good the Grey, > <;. Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and any Sum not exceed 1j e?b Ji 1 ing three thousand seven hundred and two Pounds eight Shillings and seven Pence, to dischargatond year's Interest after the rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, 1 of the Sum of sixty one thousand seven huur - dssed and seven, Pounds three Shillings and two Renee, or thereabouts, remaining due and.uni aqsfedtyjcif the Sum not exceeding seven hundred thousand Pounds, which was, born>\ved on a n - Abe made, i n th e. ths I Year of the Reign, of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, for laying Duties upon Low — 3 Ann. c.r.

Wines, and other Things therein mentioned, and towards the Repayment whereof another Act passed in the sixth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, charging Coffee and other Merchandizes for the Term of 5 Ann, C zz, four Years, which expired on or about the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any Sum not exceeding eighteen thousand eight hundred fifty-three Pounds three Shillings Vos. V M and

'Ann'

C 44-, 45. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

r.rul sixpence, to discharge one year's Intered, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, of the Sum of three hundred and fourteen thousand two hundred and nineteen Pounds eleven Shillings and twopence Farthing, or thereabouts, remaining due.and unsatisfied of the principal Sum, not exceeding, five hundred thousand Pounds, which was borrowed on the Act of Parliament of the eighth year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen A line y of blessed Memory, for laying Duties upon Candles, and other Duties for five Years; which expired on the.fi d.day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and any Sum not exceeding forty-two thousand six hundred Sixty and five Pounds thirteen Shillings and sixpence, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund of one hundred tixty eight thousand and three Pounds per Annum, to ftiake good the Payments to the ten Pound Lottery of one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for the two several Years, ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen: And that the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than towards the Uses and Purposes before mentioned.

Vfl. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, ttat no Appropriation, or other Matter or Thing in this Act contained, shall obstruct or hinder any Payment or Payments, which by and in pursuance of an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capital stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand and thirty two Pounds four Shillings and eight. Pence to pitblick Uses; for raising one hundredjixty nine thousand Pounds, for the like Uses. Sale of Annuities, upon diverse Encouragements therein mentioned; end for appropriating several Supplies granted io his Majesty, are or shall be required and authorised to be made by ths

defic encics of the 1 CL Lottery 1712. made good.

Appropriations not to obftfud making good Deficiencies to the south-sea Company, by Virtue of the AI Geo. 1. Stat, 2. C 21*

make good any Deficiency, or Deficiencies to the governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the and other Parts ok America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or to their Trea —

surer, for their Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That such Sums, as by any other Act of this Session of Parliament shall be payable to any Commissioners for taking, examining and fluting the Debts due to the Army, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or other incident Charges, shall and may be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid/'or'any of them:; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

'And'fanhcr by 19 Geo. 2. c. 14. zy Geo. 2. C II and 1 Geo. 3. c. 16. -1

'- V - '. j II d:: -. 1 g: > '

CAP. XLIV.

Continued by9An Act for the continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Gee. z. C 32.'Pins of Ale and Beer, that' shall be. vended or sold within the City of Glasgow and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City.

'I The Rates, &c. imposed on Beer and Ale sold in Glasgow, by the Acts of June 15, 1693, and sepu.

Or the Salaries to the of of ac cnunts^&c. y Continued by 9 Geo. 1. c. 19.

21, 1705, continued till Nov. i, 1738. This and the former Acts to continue in Force.

'for urn

of the Overseers remain alive. A Key to be built on the River Clyde, P R,

though

no

CAP. XLV

An Act for holding the Assise for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place within the

Did County.

ij XIJ PIE RE AS the Justices of Assise. Nfi priits. Oyer and terminer, and General Gaol delivery for the County of Cornwall, have, for many Years pad, constantly held and kept the Assises. for the said County at Launcejhm in the said County; which conffant Holding has been oftentimes The a slit, s for found inconvenient For. Remedy whereof. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma cornwali shall jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, nt he confined jji this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth, iiunceitoo? ° Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, the holding of the Assises and General. Gaol delivery for the said County shall not be confined to the said Town of Launceston, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, with the Advice of the Justices of Affile, from Time to Time, to appoint a convenient Place within the said County of Cornwall for the holding and executing. all and every, Commission and Commissions of Assise, and Ntf prius. Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol delivery for the said. County, in such Manner as he is.fiy Law authorised to do for any oth r County within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England; any Law, Statute, Cudom or other. Matter or tiling to the contrary io any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2#

83

CAP. XLVI.

An alto prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing. Leaves or other Things to resemble Tobacco, and the Abuses in making and mixing or Snuff.

whereas it is found by Experience, that of late several evil Persons have cut, cured,

sold walnut tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycomore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, Plants, or Mate I jyc'.*

rials, resembling Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the British Plantations, to the Prejudice of his <'. IC(*J'

majesty's Plantations in America, and of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, and of the public Revenues arising upon Tobacco For Remedy whereof for the future, Be it enacted by the King's After June it,

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and jl Walnut commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Perne lc avca.&c. son and Persons whatsoever, who at any Time or Times after the twentieth Day of June in the Year of tobacco'.' our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen shall cut, or cause or procure to be cut, any walnut tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycomore Leaves or any other Leaves, Herbs, Plants, or Materials whatsoever, '(not being Tobacco Leaves or Plants) into the Form or in Imitation of any the usual sizes or Cuts which Tobacco has been or shall be cut into, for Sale, or shall colour or cure, or cause or procure to be coloured or cured any such Leaves, Herbs, Plants, or Materials, to make the same resemble Tobacco, for Sale, or shall sell, or cause or procure to be sold, or agree or offer to sell knowingly, any such Leaves,

Herbs, Plants or Materials, mixed or unmixetl with Tobacco, as if the same were Tobacco, shall, for every pound weight of such Leaves, Herbs, Plants, or Materials so cut, coloured, cured, sold or agreed for, or knowingly offered to Sale, and for every pound weight of such Mixture as aforesaid, forfeit and Penalty cf; s,

lose the Sum of five Shillings, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; that is to say, one for every Pound

Moiety or half Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, (he or they bearing the

Charge of Prosecution out of the Moiety so accruing to the Crown, and not otherwise) and the other i>i0fccutor.

Moiety or half Part thereof to the Use of such Person or Persons as will inform cr sue for the same, to be recovered (with full Costs of Suit) by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any his Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager

of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and overy Person and Persons whatsoever, Like Penalty for who at any Time or Times after the said twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand Exportation, seven hundred and sixteen shall export or cause to be exported, or shall lade or put on board, or cause or

procure to be laden or put on board for Exportation, any such Leaves, Herbs, Plants, or Materials, or such Mixture as aforesaid, r endeavour to obtain a Drawback for the same, as if the same were Tobacco which had paid or secured his Majesty's Duties thereupon, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for ev ry pound weight, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above all other Penalties which may be intlicled for such Offence by any Law now in Force, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner as aforesaid.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Leaves, Herbs, Plants, and Materials Such Leaves, C so cut, coloured, cured or manufactured, sold, contracted for or knowingly offered to Sale as aforesaid, may be fetched and all such Mixtures as aforesaid, and all Engines, Utensils, and Tools made use of in the cutting, Co fct and kited, louring curing, or manufacturing the same, or prepared for such Use, shall and may be searched for and

seized by any Officer of the Customs, or by any Person or Persons thereunto specially authorised by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or of the Lord Treasurer for the Time being, or of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them for the Time being.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no House or Warehouse whatsoever trail be.open Search to be ed to search for or seize such Leaves, Herbs, Plants, Materials or Mixtures, or such Engines, Utensils,

or Tools, but at feusonable Hours, and not without a special Warrant first had and obtained from two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where, such Search is to be made and that the Leaves., warrant flom 'herbs, Plants, and Materials, and the said Mixtures, Engines, Utensils, and Tools, which shall, at two justte. Time or Times, be found and seized within the Limits of any Port, or within six Miles of the same, Jhe f cavcs. C shall he brought to the next customhouse warehouse; if found and seized at any greater Dillance from any Port, shall be secured by Order of any two Justices of Peace of the County or Place where they custom hctifes shall be found, at the King's Charge, till the Cause of such Seizure shall be determined by the Justices of cr secured by

nation or Recovery by Judgement of such Sessions) shall be openly burnt or deilroved by Order of the same determined by at his Majesty's Charge. Quarter. (Virions;

JVI 2 V kcaves>

to be burz.t.

Punish merit of Servants, &c. employed in cut tring or selling such Leaves,

Farther Yrov\fi-i cm concerning Tobacco, 5 Geo. i, C LI .6'gco,

C 47,

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A. £). 1715.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Servants and Labourers which shall be employed in the cutting, colouring, curing, or manufactureing any such Leaves, Herbs, Plants, or Materials, to resemble Tobacco, or in the making any such Mixture as aforesaid, or in knowingly vending the same, and shall be conv.i£ted thereof by the Oath of any one, or more credible Persons, before any two Justices of the peacje of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall or may, by Order of such Justices, be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

I, CL i, 9 Geo. 1/ C 23. 12 gio. 1. C 26 2s. 21 Gcoizl'c. 2. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

Persons fifed may

VI. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued lmtue'^nd'" or prosecute^ f!' what he or they shall do in Pursuance or Execution of this act, such Person or Persons all/ra ojcv may plead the General Issue (Not guilty) and after issue joined may give this Act and the special Matter cubic Colts. in Evidence; "and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor illal 1 be nohfuit, or forbear further Prosecution, orfuffer Discontinuance, cris a Verdict oafs agaiilft him, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs, for which he shall have the like remedy as in Cases' where Coils by Law are given to Defendants.

Mixing or co

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any withtfl snull Time after the said twentieth Day of June in the Lear of burr Lord one thousand seven hundred and six 'vu!. teen, make, mix or colour, or cause to be made, mixed or coloured, any Sort of Snuff with any Sort of.

Okers, Umber or any other kind of Colouring, except with. Water tinged with the Colouring commonly called Venetian Red only; or shall mix or cause to be mixed with any Sort of Snuff, any Fustick or yellow ebony, Touchwood, or any other Sort of Wood, or any Dirt or Sand, or Duff fitted from Tobacco; or shall knowingly sell, or expose to Sale, any Snuff so made, mixed or coloured as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every pound weight of Snuff so made, mixed or coloured, forfeit the Forfeit, the^"Snuff, and likewise the Sum of three Pounds, and proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity, to I*' be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's courts of Record

v.ei hc? By" at Westminster, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protec Geo. i. CL II tion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of which Forfeit. stc. this feitures. shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of

Ad is extended such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, -

Vo ot.ier Abul: S.

jdating to Siiuft*; How to be recovered and disposed.

cap; xlvif.

An Act for the more effectual and exemplary punuhment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert, or who, being Papists, shall enlist themselves in his Majesty's Service in: Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey.

For former Fro'iijrereasa. pernicious and dangerous Practice has been industriously carried on in thefs 'f j0"s m'arr:, trs« yv Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, by Papists and other evil disposed Persons, disaffected is/f 6 C .* to ^'s majesty's Title and Government, under false and groundless Pretences, to delude his good Sub & 19, '7 II C jedts, who had engaged themselves as Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty and their Country, and to

c. 1. 2 & 3 Erl. prevail with them by corrupt and directr Means to desert the same, oftentimes in order to procure their

6. C 2. 43 El.' Assistance for a Popish Pretender, the avowed Enemy of the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and LI — f t" £ Gerties of these Kingdoms; for which wicked Purposes the Lid Papists and other evil disposed Persons

ji, nr" 1 have with great Diligence frequented the public houses, and other Places where the said Soldiers ufedt to resort, or are quartered, and by Entertainments, seditious Speeches, and vain Promises, have often fe a ter tone i, duced his Majesty's said Subjects from their Duty and Allegiance; 'For Remedy whereof for the future, 1715. Persons and for the more efreftual and exemplary Punishment of all offenders in that Behalf, Be it enacted by the p riweding, fi King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ihiii iorieucr anc Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That if any person or Persons whatsoever (other than such as are or shall be in lifted as Soldiers, against whom sufficient

remedy is already provided by Law) shall, from the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thou

Lnd seven hundred and sixteen, m Great Britain or Ireland, or the Lies of Jersey or Guernsey, bywords or other Means whatsoever, directly, or indirectly, persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, to desert or leave such Service, or fitall go about and endea \ our in Manner aforesaid, to persuade, prevail on or procure such Soldier or Soldiers to desert or leave f CLI Service as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or "to any other Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection And nt having or Wager of Law shall he allowed; and if it ffcdl happen that any such Offender so convicted as afore ir tote inrex hath not any goods and Chattels, Lands, or Tenements, to the Value of forty Sounds, to pay and foned six month ltisfy the same, or that from the Circumstances and Hainoufness of the Crime it shall he thought proper without b.iij, and convenient, the Court, before which the said Conviction ihau be made, as aforesaid, shall award the said

AA.

D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat 2: C 4.8. 85

said Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding six Months, without Bail or Main sn<5 fhn<l in the prize, and also to land in the Pillory for the Space of one Hour, in some market town next adjoining to Pillory, the Place where the Offence was committed, in open Market there, or in the market town iti elf where the said Offence was committed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Action shall be brought Proportion in or Prosecution carried on by virtue of this at, unless the same be commenced within six Months after the f, X Moa Lhs* Offence committed.

III. And whereas to carry on the Service of the said Pretender, and for other wicked Purposes, many Papists pretending themselves Protestants, and taking the Oath of Abjuration, and subserihing the Tcfl,

when thereunto required, being so allowed to do by the Pope, and their other spiritual Superiors, the better to disguise and conceal their Designs, do infill themselves in his Majesty's Troops, whereby the greatest Danger may arise to these Kingdoms, if not timely prevented le it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons having profeil ed the Popish Religion, who since the first puni<!l, ..n. Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have heen infilled in his Majesty's Troops, and papips ir, shall not, after the firs Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in Great Britain or themiij. Ireland., or in the Isles of gucrnjey or Jersey, produce a Testimonial of his having publicly renounced the same, or shall not, at the Time of his enlisting, declare to the Officer or Soldier who 1b inlisteth him, that^"vove. i. he hath been, or at present is of the Popish Religion, shall in such Case be liable to, and receive such core. vbcrr tr. poral punishineiu, notextending to Lois of Life, as a court-martial shall inflict for the same, who are Per. ohm apmp hereby empowered so to do.

/c Jufd JO' \ or t

faitber 9 Geo. 2. c. 30. 22 Geo. 2. c. 44. 28 Geo. 2. e, I, 33 Geo. 2. c. 6, 8 £? i Likewise the annual Mutiny A'?:

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to encourage the Planting of Timber trees, Fruit trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit; and for the better Preservation of the same; and for the preventing the Burning of Woods.

I ttft here AS the Raising and Planting of timber trees, fruit trees and other Trees is of very This Act is ex great Profit and Advantage to the Kingdom of Great Britain: And whereas diverse lewd and plame<j'anli disorderly Persons, and others, have riotously, and sometimes in a clandestine and malicious Manner, ^0, 0^'I its broke down, cutup, or otherwise destroyed such timber trees, fruit trees, and other Trees, to the e' "

great Discouragement of the Planters and Owners thereof, and the Parties whose 'Frees are so destroyed

remediless, for lack of knowing the Parties so offending Therefore for the better encouraging ol Persons to raise, plant and preserve timber trees, fruit trees, and other Trees, in Fields, Hedgerows,

Gardens and Walks, and elsewhere, either for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit, and for the preventing the malicious destroying or spoiling the same, and to give Remedy to such Persons for making them Satisfaction timkt. Tree;, for all Damages to be occasioned by such breaking down, cutting up, spoiling, or otherwise destroying such maliciouii/ Trees; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of thebl olce'j d°' Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho^.

rity of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June the D, \- in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall maliciously break down, cut up, ms^e to the pluck up, throw down, bark, or otherwise destroy, deface, or spoil any timber tree, or Trees, Fruit owner.

tree or Trees, or any other Tree or Trees, the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, that is, are, shall or may be damaged by the same, shall receive such Satisfaction and Recompense of and from the Inhabitants of the Parish, Town, Hamlet, Vill or Place, where such Tree or Trees shall be so mali ho" the oa ciously broken down, cut up, plucked up, thrown down, barked, destroyed, defaced or spoiled, and to be viewed, and Damages and Costs to be recoverable and recovered against such Parish, Town, Hamlet, Vill England, or Place, by the Person or Persons, whose Tree or Trees shall be so maliciously broke down, cut up, 13 Ed. 1. stan plucked up, thrown down, barked, destroyed, defaced or spoiled, in the same Manner and Form as Hedges C 46 and Dikes overthrown by Persons in the Night, in and by an at of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Firs, entitled, Lords may approve agpinji their Neighbours.: Usurpations of Commons 'during the estate of particular Tenants, are to be levied, and Damages yielded; and where such How in Scot offence or Offences shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be recoverable and land> recovered by way of summar action, and in the same Manner and Form as Damages in other Cases of Riot are to be recovered by the Laws there, unless the Party or Parties so offending Avail by such Parish, Town,

Hamlet, Vill, cr Place, be convicted of such Offence, within the Space of iix Months from the commit -- ting such Offence or Offences; any Law or conflruclion to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Two Justices to and for any two or more justices of the Peace of the County, Priding, Division, Stewartry, Regality, Q arccr se^6n'j City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, wherein any such. Offence or Offences shall be committed, or mine^th! the Justices in open Sessions, upon Complaint to them made by any Inhabitant of the aforesaid Parish, ft, j)ccs e Hamlet, Vill, or Place, or of the Owner of such Tree or Trees, or of any other, to cause such Offender offen<jers com_ or Offenders to be apprehended for the Trespasses and Offences aforesaid, or any of them, and to hear and V ted to be tent finally determine and adjudge all and every the Offence and Offences aforesaid and if such Justices shall to the house y'

convict

Correction for diree Months, or to the Gaol, for Months, and lo be whipped,

And before discharged shall find Sureties for good Behaviour for two Years Setting any "\yoed, &c. on Fire, Felony, X 5 Car. 2. C 2. 22 & 23 Car. 2., C 7.

O Tenders in Scotland to be ^uniflied as wilful Fire raisers by the Act 7 Ann, C 21.

Continued by 5 Geo. 1. C io

Which enlarges the tims to 2? Tears.

See Geo. I. c. 8. and i 3 Geo. z,

So 2

C 49, 50. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 17x5.

convict any Person or 1'ersons of all or any the Trespasses or Offences aforesaid, then such Justices, immediately after such Conviction, shall commit such Offender and Offenders to the House of Correction, there to continue and he kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize; and where there are no Houses of Correction in any County, Riding, Division, Stewartry, Regality, City, Town or Borough where such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, the said Justices shall commit such Offender or Offenders to such Prison as is appointed for other Criminals, there to continue for the Space of four Months; and shall also order and adjudge that such Offender and Offenders shall be public Jy whipped by the Matter of such House of Correction, once every Month, during such three Months, in such Borough or Corporation, if the Offence be committed therein, and not otherwise; or in the Market town where such House of Correction stands, or in the next Market town next adjacent to such House of Correction, and in the County where such Offence shall be committed, on the market day of such Town, between the Hours of eleven and two of the Clock; and in such Places where there is no house of Correction, the said Justices shall order and adjudge that such Offender or Offenders shall be publicly whipped by the Hand of the common Hangman or Executioner once every Month, duri; g such four Months, on the market day of any Borough or Corporation where such Offender shall be committed, or on the market day of some Town, between the Hours of eleven and two of the Clock.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That before any such Offender or Offenders shall be discharged, he, she, and they shall find sufficient Sureties lor his, her, or their good Behaviour for the Space of two Years thence next ensuing; Law, Custom or Construction to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 IV. And whereas diverse Woods, Underwoods and Coppices have been heretofore, and lately seton Fire, or burnt, to the great Discouragement of Planting: ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, maliciously seton Fire, or burn, or cause to be burnt, any Wood, Underwood, or Coppice, or any Part thereof, such malicious sitting on Fire, burning or causing to be burnt, shall be and is hereby declared and made Felony, and the Offender and Offenders shall suffer, and be liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures, as other Felons by the Law now are; and where such. Offences are committed in that Part of Great Britain called s.otlane/, such Offender and Offenders shall suffer and be liable as wilful fire raisers, according to an at passed in the seventh Year of her late alaje fty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms; anything in this Act contained, or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

See 29 Geo. 2. c. 36. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 41.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to revive and continue an Act of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East riding of the County of

York.

"The Act 8 &9W. 3. C 20. revived and continued to June 24, 1730. Trustees appointed, and to have

"the lame Powers as the Trustees in the said Act'. P R."

CAP. L

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Public.

EXP.

<( All Cattles, Honours, 'Lordships, Manors, Lands, cof Persons since 29 June 1715. attainted, or "before 24 June 1718. to be attainted of High Treason committed before 1 June 1716. shall be forfeited

to his Majesty, for the Use of the Public. Estates i ail vetted in the Crown in Fee simple. Commis "

"named. General Meeting of Commissioners to be by 3, j«b 1716. May agree upon Rules, G C May subdivide so as six reside in Scotland, and seven in England. May appoint a Commissioner to t( travel into any Parts where forfeited Estates lie. In calc of Dispute the King to make Orders. Commissioner may appoint a Register and other Officers. Who are to be sworn. Commissioners to proceed LI in a summary Way, Sic. and to keep a Register, Sic. Persons discovering concealed Debts, and pay 4c ing to Thirds thereof by 24 Nov. 1716. into the Exchequer, discharged of the entire Lebts. All "Claims to be entered before 24 June 1717. All Claims to be entered in a Book. All conveyin.es wade £< by Persons conviifted, after 1 Aug. 1714. fraudulent. Commissioners to give an Account in Writing to the King and both Houses. Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of Popish Recusants, and how much the two Third Parts amount to, and whether registered. Estates given to superstitious ul'es, C vetted in the Crown, for the Use of the Public. Commissioners in a summary Way to inquire of all 4' such Estates, and to ferd for Trustees, and for Deeds, C Trustees discovering such Estates before s' 24 Nov. 1716. to have one Fourth Part. Each Commissioner to have a Salary of 1000l. per Annum. "Salaries for Clerks and incident Charges to be paid by the Exchequer. All the Moneys arising by this "Act appropriated to the Use of the Public; EXP." 4.

XXXL

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Slat. 2. C 5r. 87

XXXI. And whereas several of the Traitors, whose Estates are to be inquired of, as above, were on Heritable Juris

iris d'.fponr. fnifci

tjj

Justice, and to prevent the Influence and Qfe of the many good and laudable Laws of this Realm lie: o C r. C it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said heritable Jurisdictions, commonly called i. 'it'

Conlhlbularits, Regalities, or Admiralties, which were in the possession of the abovementioned Traivors, ['-

on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, an! which are or shall bet / come forfeited within the/i'iines above limited, final from and after the fir! Day of noveab.r in the Year?"; "'"

northeast thousand seven hundred and frxteen be supprested and extinguished, and so remain in all Time to come; so that it shall not be lawful at any Time after the said first Day of November in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to sell or grant any manner of Way, nor by any Title of Conveyance wlvacsoever, any of the aforesaid forfeited heritable Jurisdictions, commonly tailed Conftubularies, Regalities or Admiralties, to any Person or Persons, Family or Fa r ilies, nor to crcdt any such heritable juris didlions in the Room of the said forfeited heritable Jurisdictions.

XXXII. Provided always, That the several forfeited Sheriffships and Stewartries shall subsist and re forfeited'«ut: -

remain with the same Powers and Privileges which belonged to them at the Time of the said Forfeiture; ntjrbips an! and that the said forfeited Sheriffships and Stewartries be, and they are hereby declared 10 be annexed to the ytries sn crown, so as not tole alienated by any Gift or Grant, otherwise than to such Person or Persons as his £, 0.'!?4

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors flrall think fit to grant them, during Pleasure only.

XXXIII. Provided also, That the several Places, Towns, Villages and Bounds, which were subject to supprcfivd Cor

the said Jurisdictions, commonly called Constabularies or Regalities, to be supprested, as above, shall, and lubuiam* nr they are hereby ordained and appointed to become subject to the several sheriff ships or Stewartries within lu'; '

the Bounds of which they lie, in the same manner that the other Places, Towns, Villages and Bounds "

jected to that: sheriffivips.

m vnuv.li uv, in umuuci lihil iuv, uvnuj V i11 wuumia Sherriffship % C

hich were not erected in or made subject to Constabularies or Regalities, are and were subject to their re where they.lio. spedlive Sheriffships or Stewartries; and that the Places and Bounds subject to the Admiralties or vice admiralties, which are forfeited and supprested, as above, shall and they are hereby ordained and appointed And forfci C t to become subject to, and under the immediate Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty established in Scotland', Admiralties, and reserved by the Articles of Union; anything herein, or any other Act: contained to the contrary not ^j'^lr^urjnof

withstanding.

"Commissioners not incapacitated to sit in Parliament, e. General igie, u late Duke of Ormond, Earl of Mart', and Viscount Bolingbroke. EXP, '

Scotland,

See further

Proviso for the Wives of the9G. 1. C is.

CAP. LI.

An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subjebi, as enacts, That no Person who should come to the Possession of the Crown, shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament.

WHEREAS it has pleased Almighty God to place his Majesty on the Throne of his Ancestors farther to bless these Nations with a numerous Progeny of his said majesty's Royal Family,

and in particular, with a Prince endowed with all Virtues and Qualifications requisite to render p ofte rity flourishing and happy: And whereas it is agreeable to the ancient Confiitution of these Kingdoms,

that the Person of the king.or Queen should freely enjoy all and every the just and undoubted Rights,

*' Liberties and Privileges of the Crown: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth and, 2 &, 3 y. thirteenth Years of the reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William the 7'hird (of glorious memory) C 1,

[

intituled, An Act for the farther Limitation of the Crown, and better fccnrhig the Rights and Liberties of thi It was (Amongst other Things) enacted, That no Person who should thereafter come to the pof

session of the Crown, should go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without Consent ox e Parliament, win h Restriction may prove inconvenient with regard to the Service of our Sovereign Lord the King, (by god's Mercy now possessed of the Crown) and of his Heirs and Successors Be itxhecuifein therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords the ka n w. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of 3-2. That in the same, That the Clause in the said recited Act contained, whi.h provided and enacted, That no Per wl: o son who should come to the Possession of the Crown, should go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, h°fcfc to or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament, and the Restriction by the same Clause meant or intended, are ftoum go out and shall be. repealed, and shall for ever be and be deemed and taken to be void and of none Effect 3 any of England, C 7 hing in the said recited Actor any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding. without confen

1 J C, f p.dr|lament,

CAP be >oivi.

Q.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1^x3,

si Ed. i.ji

£ s' S'3 P. fe'm. 6

t. 8. A 13 & 14 Car, 2 C. 6.

Surveyors appointed by the AS: 1 & 4 W.

& M. C 12. shall view the Roads, Stc,

and give an Account on Oath of the Condition

Cap. Lir.

An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways risdre effectual.

L whereas there are some Defeats in the Laws for the better repairing of Highways, and alii W some Neglects in the Execution of the same, so that they are not so effectual to the End for which they were made Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ant with the elc.io. Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem bledj and by the Authority of the same, That all the Laws and Statutes now in Force, for or concerning Ail the Laws for the repairing of common Highways, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall be duly put in Execution acrepairing High cording to the Tenor of the said Laws.

ways than be put

II. And be it enacted, That all Surveyors of the Highways, appointed or that shall be appointed by m Execution, virtue of an Act of the third and fourth of King William and Queen Afary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending of Highways, and for settling the Rates and Carriage of Goods, shall within fourteen Days after the Acceptance of their Office, and so from Time to Time, every four. Months or oftener, if required thereto by Warrant of any two or more Justices of the Peace, view all the R oads, common Highways, Bridges, Causways, Pat ements, Hedges, Ditches, and water courses appertaining to such Highways, together with all Nufances, or Lncroachments made or committed in or upon any of them, within the Parish, Township, Village, Hamlet, Precinct, or Tithing where they are Surveyors, and give a particular and true Account in Writing upon Oath of the State and Condition of all such Highways, and more especially of such Faults and Defects in any of them as want to be amended or repaired, and of the thereof, C to Neglects of Labourers, and of these that are obliged to find Labourers or Teams for the Repair of the the special Sef Highways, as required by Law, to the Justices at their next special Sessions to be held for the amend imns. ment of the Highways, according to the said recited Act, to the end that the said Accounts may, be care

5^4 w. & M fufiy preserved, and that at all future Sessions the Justices of the said Division may have full Information ofj and may be able to examine into the particular State and Condition of all the Roads, Bridges, Causways, Pavements, Hedges, Ditches, and water courses, as aforesaid, and may the better execute the Powers in the Laws relating to Highways; and all Surveyors neglecting to give such Account, as aforesaid, shall suffer the same Penalty as if they refused to execute the said Office, to be levied and disposed of as by the aforesaid Act is directed, unless they shall have some reasonable Excuse for omitting the same, to be allowed by the Justices of the Peace of the same Division at such their special Sessions.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Justices of the Peace at such their special Sessions, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, may order and appoint the Reparation of those great Roads which do moult want Repair within the Hundred or Division where such seition is held, to be first amended, and at what Time or in what Manner the same shall be performed, according to which Order, if such there be, all and singular the respective Surveyors of the said Highways are hereby required to proceed within their respective Liberties.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared; that all Surveyors of Highways shall take the first moult convenient and seasonable Time of the Year, for repairing and amending the Highways within their respective Liberties, and take care as far as is possible, that the said Work may be perfected before the Time of Harvest; and that they accordingly summon the Teams and Labourers, by Law obliged to work at the said Highways, to come in upon such moll early and seasonable Days as the Year shall afford, and to repair such Ways in Priority, as the Justices of the Peace at such their special Sessions shall direct and order, in Manner as is herein before expressed 5 and in case of rio such Order from the said Justices, then to repair such Highways as to the said Surveyors shall seem most needful of Reparations.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Fine, Penalty or forfeiture.shall be laid upon any Surveyor or other Person or Persons, for not doing his or their Duty for the Amendment of any Highways, and the said Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures shall be any ways misapplied by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or by his or their Order or Direction, upon Proof thereof, upon Oath before the Justices at such their special Sessions, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to such Person or Persons as shall give Information thereof to the Justices as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Owners; and the said Justices at such their special Sessions are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath all Persons who can give any Account of any Money that ought to be applied for the Amendment of Highways, ard levy the Penalties, and dispose of the Forfeitures as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas it is enacted by an Act made in the third and fourth of King William and Queen Mary, That where the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Borough, or other Place, at their General quarter sessions, shall be fully satisfied, that the common Highways, Causways, Bridges, Streets,

£. or other Places within any Parish, Tovnship, Hamlet, or other place within their respective Jurisdictions, cannot be fufticieritly repaired, amended, paved, cleansed and supported, without the Help of the said Act, That then they may cause assessments to be made, and the Money raised to be disposed of as by £ that Act is directed; the general Construction or Execution of which Act, it is usually construed and

understood, that no Money can legally be raised by Assessment towards the Repair of any Highways, Cauf

v/aya, or parish bridges, till all and every the Teams and Labourers appointed to work at the said Ways

have.

Justices to appoint the Repa sations*

The Highways to be repaired fceloxe Harvest.

ipen^ity of mif -- ipplying the Airies, C

3 & 4 W, & M.

c. 52. 89

tllc Authority Quarter ifli or towii »*sea«ar ounty wherein?en, s b. c. '"J, C

n fj flu. (r,

have aforesaid

ship to _ t

such Pari I h" or Townftup lieth, at their General. or Quarter sessions of the Peace held for the sail!

County, City, Borough, Riding or Division, the said Justices being satisfred that the Highways, Causwayrfj hijiw ys, C and parish bridges belonging to the said Parish or Township are so far out of Order, that they cannot be repaired as they ought to be, without further Power than what the Laws have hitherto directed and appointed, may at their Sessions, if they see sitting, eause assessments to be made and Money to be raised, not exceeding the Proportions limited by the said Act, in any Parish or Parishes, Townships or Martlets, as aforesaid, and the Money to be disposed as by the said.ahis difedted, for the better repairing of the said Highways, though the six Days Work have not been performed; but the raising Money by afieff inents not to excuse the Work of any Team's or Labourers, by Law appointed to work at the said Ways.

VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Julbees of the Peace of all Cities, Corporations, justicesinciiir*. Boroughs, and other Places, are hereby empowered to put in Execution any Part of this, or any former cm; >y.ruc in AH or ahs relating to any Highways within their respective Jurisdictions. > t!, C

VIII. And whereas diverse broad as well as narrow Highways are much prejudiced and annoyed by if, (J'L

watering Lands adjoining or near to the same, and by Hopping up Ditches, and diverting usual water e courses, or drawing water courses to the Prejudice of the Highways, or neglehing to leour and keep open such Ditches and water courses, or by leaving the earth of such Ditches so leoured in the High ways, to the Annoyance of them Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Penalty of not after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six teen, if any Perfiin or Persons, scour: ng Ditches who ought to scour and keep open such.' Ditches and usual water courses adjoining or near to the said rernov: nt An Highways, and effectually to amend such water courses, and: to remove such other Annoyances to the ll0lf; 'ncc6r Highways, shall, by the Space of thirty Days after due notice thereof given by the Surveyors of the Highways (which Notice the said Surveyors are hereby required to give) negleh or delay to do the same, or shall leave the Earth of Ditches scoured in the Highways for the Space of eight Days, Oath being thereof made by the said Surveyors before the Justices of the Peace at such their special Sessions for the Hundred,

Division, or Place where such Ways do lie, such Person so offending shall, for every eight Yards of Ditching so not scoured and kept 'open, forfeit the Sitm of two Shillings and fix periee, and for each other Offence aforesaid any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor under twenty Shillings, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, by distress and Say of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so offending, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner: Which Forfeitures shall be duly accounted Forfeitures to for and applied by the said Surveyors to and for the Amendment of the said Highways: And the Surveyors bu applied for of the Highways are hereby authorised and required with their Workmen to scour and keep open such amendment of Ditches and ater courses, and to remove all Annoyances to all and every the Highways, and (where the the Wa; 's Ditches and Drains already made are not sufficient to carry oft' the Water that lies' upon or annoys the.

Highways) to make new Ditches and Drains in and through the Lands next adjoining or near, to the Highways, and to keep them scoured, cleansed and open; and the said Surveyors ai; e authorised so come upon the said Lands to make such Ditches or scour the lame "with Workmen, for all and every of the Purposes, aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Justices of the Peace in any, juaices in Cities, City or market town (not having already particular Provision made for them therein by any former Law) C to appoint or the major Part of them, at their. General or quarter sessions, half judge it necessary so appoint a Scavengers, Scavenger or Scavengers for cleanffng the Streets, the said Justices shall and may, from Time so time, j3'

nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fitting for that Purpose, and also to order the repairing of such Streets therein as they shall judge necessary; for defraying the Charges thereof, 'an itarhi Two -} or Assessments, not exceeding sixpence in the Pound in one Year, shall and may, from Time and qrdcmhe, r to Time, be equally made upon all and every the Occupiers or Owners of Houses, Lands, jh eriemcnls, repd'nr'§ ri; and Hereditaments in such Cities: And such assessment or Assessments shall and may, from Trine to Time, ^rl: et'5' ad: or Persons, and levied and collected iir such Manner as the said Justices by jheir'u,

be made by such Person

j uum X miv. ji mu j111 u lain X uuuu

shall and may be levied, by yv arrant under their Hands and Seals, I Chattels, of such Persons (not.paying' the same within eight Days

To be levied by Dillrcls. C

altefitnenrs on fc..*Owners, corder

at such Sessions mall direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raided shall be em of Houses, C ployed and accounted for, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices for and tawards the repairing and cleansing the said Streets, from Time to Time; and the said Assessments being allowed under the Hands and seals of such Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and after Demand) rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner, thri necessary Charges of making, .'keeping, and settling such Distress being first deducted. on. nf.'1.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surveyor of the Highways shall.surveyor neg neglect his Duty in anything required of him by. this, AH, he shall forfeit, for every fu cli'offence, thdcaing his Duty Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and disposed Of, as aforesaid, forfeit 40s.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk, dr Servant to any Justice of the Peace shall receive any No justice's Sum of Money or See whatsoever, of any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for the Oath taken, clettlt0 rmire or Accounts given by them at such their special Sessions, as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons shallow °"

J such as neeleit jdjtcrcsj

to feour their Ditches, C the quarter scf fions may take Order therein.

General lfluc.

Prosecution within six Alonths.

Lord Mayor, cof London may execute the Powers vested rn them by 22 & 2, 3 Oar. 2. C 17.

Farther provi visions concerning

G. 5.3, 54. Anno rprimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

Ditches, and carry away the Earth taken out of the same, or who shall not carry away Stone, Timber Straw, or Dungdeft in the Highway's, or who shall not remove any other Annoyances by water courses to the said Highways) that then it mail be lawful for the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions, or the greater Number of them, to make such Order therein, as to them shall be thought convenient, and the same to conclude and bind all Persons.

XIII. and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any aion or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for putting.in Execution the Authority of this Act, every Person or Persons so hied may plead the Generalffflue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become norifuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, or her, the said Defendant or Defendants shall recover his or her double Costs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Colts by Law are given to Defendants.

XIV. Provided also, That no Person or Persons shall be punished for any Offence against this Act, unless such Offender be prosecuted for the same within six Months after the said Offence committed; and that ro Person who shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of this Act, shall be punished for the same Offence by virtue of any other Act or Law whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor, and the Justices of the pea re for the City of London and the Liberties thereof, for the Time being, and the Commissioners appointed, p.urfnant ito an Act made in the twenty second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the; Second, intituled, An Act for the hater paving and Aeanfing the Streets and Hauers II and about the City of London, shall and may. from Time to Time, within the Paid City of London and Liberties thereof, use and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in them respectively by the said Act, or any other Act, as. if this Act bad not been made.

Highways, 2i gto. z. c..z % i 1$ Ges. z. z6 Gja. a. C zs '&> jo. ss 'Got. 2. V 17. 30 Got. a. i. 18. 31 Get, e, 34,

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Forsler juffor, Esquire, and William Mackintosh Esquire (commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh) of High Treason. P R,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more, effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland.

1 I. WHEREAS the Custom that has too long prcvailed amongst the Highlanders of Scotland, of having Arms in their Custody, and using and bearing them in travelling abroad in the Fields, and £' at public Meetings, has greatly obstructed the civilising of the People within the counties herein after

named; has prevented their applying themselves to Husbandry, Manufactories, Trade, and other virtuous and profitable Employments; has been the Cause of many Riots, Robberies, and Tumults; hath and £ does tend to disappoint the Execution of the Law, to the Dishonour of Government, and unspeakable t Loss of his Majesty's Subjects; in a peculiar Manner been one of the fatal Causes of the late unnatural

Rebellion) and may occasion the like or greater Calamit' in Time to come, if not prevented by a proper.

Remedy: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Move, ber in the Year of our Lord one Persons within thousand seven hundred and sixteen it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons within the Shires of the Shires of Dunbartain on the North Side of the Water of i.even. Sterling on the North Side of the River of Forth, Sail not°keetc' Perth, Kincardin, Aberdeen, Inverness, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, of wear any Elgine, and Rtfs, to have in his or their Custody, use or bear Broad Sword, or Target, Poynard, Whin aitns.' gar, or Durk, side pistol or side pistols, or Gun, or any other warlike Weapons, in the Fields, or in the

Way, coming or going to, from, or at any Church, Market, Fair, Burials, Huntings, Meetings, or any other Occasion whatsoever, within the Bounds aforesaid, or to come into the Low countries armed, a's Penalty for the aforesaid: in case any of the said Person or Persons above described, shall have in his Custody, use or first Offence, bear Arms, otherwise than in this Act directed, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before one.or more Justices of the Peace, or before any other Judge competent of the Place summarily, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit all such Arms, and be liable to a Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds Sterling, and not under the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, and to be imprisoned till Payment of the said Fine; which if not instantly paid after Commitment, the said Fine may and shall be levied out of the offender's Goods and Effatc, by Warrant of the Judge who shall pronounce any such Sentence, to be applied, the one half to the Use of the Informer, and the other at the Sight of the Justices of the Peace where such Offenders shall be convicted, towards the repairing the public Works within the sctondoffence, said Shire; and further, liable to a month's Imprisonment: And being convicted for a second Offence before the Court of justiciary, or before the judges at their Circuits, shall forfeit such Arms, and be liable to a Fine, not exceeding the Sum of eighty Pounds Sterling, and not under the Sum of ten Pounds Ster every subse ling; and for every subsequent Offence, to a Fine the double of the former, to be levied and applied as quest oflsnec. above; aid for want of Payment of any such fine, or a sufficient Distrefe to satisfy the Payment of it, the

This AO is enforced by 11 Geo. X C 26,

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2.

C. 54.

Offender shall be liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years.,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Trials for the aforesaid Offences ball Trial of oflvn be entree! in a Register or Record to be kept apart by the Clerk of the Court of Justiciary, or his Deputies; di; VJ^and that where any Offender or Offenders shall be tried for the first Offence before any inferior Court, the "*1 'gl r'

who is hereby required and commanded to enter the same Upon the Book of Register, which is appointed

there, have; and that the Clerks of such inferior Courts, within the jurisdiction of any separate Court of Justiciary General, shall in like Manner forthwith transmit the duplicates aforesaid into the said Court, there to be kept in a Register apart, in order to the Conviction of such Persons who shall be guilty a second Time, or oftener, of the abovementioned Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Clerks of any of the said inferior Courts shall neg Clnko, iic. left to make and sign such Duplicate, or to exhibit the same judicially in the Circuit courts, or to deliver

the same to the Clerk of the said Circuits, or to transmit the same in the Case abovementioned; if plicate shall for the said Clerk of Justiciary, or his Deputy clerks of the said Circuits, shall neglect to enter the said du icit iol. plicates upon the Register appointed to be kept in Manner before mentioned, every such Clerk so offending shall be liable to a Fine of ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied'as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matters abovementioned shall be The said Mat point of Dittay, and that the Judges at their Circuits shall inquire concerning the Prosecutions that

shall have been made upon this Act, and the.keeping of the Duplicates of the 1'rials in Manner above °'n 0 '1

directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of Justiciary, or his Deputy; The rei(, er to shall exhibit into the said Court of Justiciary the Book of Register above directed, at the fitft Court bi^hjb edf!nt0 that shall happen to be held after the Return of the Judges from their Circuits, and the running of the ju^c°ury'° forty Days allowed for filling up the said Register; to the end, that all neglects by not making, exhibiting,

and delivering Duplicates, or by not entering the same, together with the Proceedings had before the said.

Court of Justiciary, or Judges at their Circuits, in Manner above directed, may be punished, according to this Act, without Delay;

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the.prohibition above This Act shall

mentioned of keeping, bearing or wearing any warlike Weapons, and the Pains and Penalties aforesaid', not CX en! to shall not extend to the Case of any Peers of this realm, nor their Sons', nor of any Officers or their Aflif l>ceis' £: c' tants, employed in the Execution, of Justice; nor shall this Act be conftrncd to Hinder any Commoner, Commoners hahaving the yearly Income of four hundred Pounds Scots, or more, or who is otherwise qualified to vote !'nf1C015

Elections of parliament men to servefor any of the above named Counties, to have iirhis Custody. or Use, ]PC? two fire in Manner allowed by Laws now in Force, any Number of Arms not exceeding two Firelocks, two Pair locks, cof

Pistols, two Swords; the Magistrates of every Burgh Royal to have in their Custody a sufficient Number Migrates of of Arms for keeping Guard within their Burghs, and the Inhabitants of Burghs Royal to use the said Arms'b "rs^s(>croj1r! in keeping Guard, according to the Directions of their respective Magistrates: Provided always, That the Arms in Burghs rbyal be kept in Magazines under the Care of the Magistrates; and not left in private

Houses; that the whole Number of Arms so kept in any Burgh Royal shall not exceed the Number of^two hundred; nor hinder the Officers of the Army having, his Majesty's Commissions, and the Soldiers oornitiesrn iy'rc. under their Command, to keep, use or bear Arms as formerly; nor the Lieutenants of Counties; their ccive Arms out Deputies and the Militia, and sensible Men under their Command, to keep or receive out of his Majesty's of the King's Magazines, Arms, and to use the same during the Time that their Militia and sensible Men shall be called'm3sazincs> out by lawful Authority.

VII. Provided always, That the said Lieutenants of Counties, their Deputies, Militia and sensible Mert but shall return

under their Command, return the Arms received out of the King's Magazines within twenty Days aftertl em to the the Expiration of the Time for which they shall be. called out, unddr the Pains and .'Penalties atove masazlnes mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from asd after the sixteenth day. of After. July. 16, July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, when a Warrant is granted bvany Lord lieutenant, or two1"10- Search Deputy lieutenants of any of the Shires or Bounds abovementioned, to search for any Ammunition other warlike Stores, which he or they shall judge dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdom, and kept or thelx'i used; contrary to the Directions of this present Act, in pursuance of an act passed this, present Session of parliament to th at Fffedt, the said Search maybe made within the find Shires or Bounds between Sun

setting and sun rising, if the Warrant shall so air; and in case of Resistance or Reftifal of Entry in to Penalty of refiit the Place where such Search is to be made, or of the hiding, concealing of conveying away such Arms, ins fucil Search, Ammunition or other; warlike Stores, all and every person or'.persons: wilfully aiding or abetting, or being guilty art and Part of such resistance.or Refusal of entry, or the hiding, ", concealing or conveying avirjty' inch Arms, Ammunition or other warlike Stores, shall be liable to_a Fine not exceeding fifteen pounds*

Sterling, and not under five Pounds Sterling, to be levied as above,

IX

Such Persons as have remained faithful to his

C 54. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

IX. And whereas it is just and reasonable, That all such Persons as have Continued faithful to his ala jesty during the late 'unnatural Rebellion, and who are by this act discharged from keeping or using. m.'eft n, 01 b - Arms, should have the just and true Value of all such Arms as they are obliged by this Act to lay aside: 'psitthevaliva Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons within the Limits aforesaid, who have iue of the Arms continued faithful to his Majesty, and who are hereby obliged to lay aside their Arms, shall deliver them they deliver tip. up to the Lords Lieutenants of their: respective Counties, or their Deputies, Or such other Persons its his Majesty shall be pleased to commission for that Purpose - shall receive the true and just Value of them in Money in Manner after mentioned; that is to say, The Lords Lieutenants of the several counties abovementioned, or their Deputies, or such other Persons commissioned as aforesaid, are hereby commanded and required, before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to appoint, by Proclamation to be made at the several market crosses and' parifir churches proper Places and Times, within their respective Counties, where such Arms shall be delivered; and to appoint five or more Persons to receive and value the same upon Oath, and grant Receipts under their Hands for them, bearing the Names, 'Number, and Value of the Arms so delivered; which Oath, the Laid Lords Lieutenants, or their Deputies, or such other Persons commiflkmed as aforesaid, are hereby required and empowered to administer: And if any of the Persons to be appointed to receive and value the said Arms, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath, or to receive pr value the said Arms, every Person fore fuiing shall forfeit the Sum of, one hundred Pounds Sterling; and within forty Days after the Receipt of such Arms, the.lords Lieutenants, or their Deputies, or such other Persons commissioned as aforesaid. hereby commanded and required to transmit the same to such Places as his Majesty shall think fit to direct, with a signed List of the Names and Designations of the several Persons who delivered them, and their particular values; 'and for the effectual Payment of the said Value, the Collectors of the land-tax or Excise within the said Counties are hereby commanded and required to pay the sums contained in the said Receipts out of the first and readiest Moneys that are in or shall come to their Hands for the Use of the Public: The which Receipts, endorsed by the Persons to whom they were first granted, are hereby ordered to be passed to the Credit of the said Collectors of the land-tax or Excise, at making up of their Accounts.

"And whereas the prevailing Custom of convocating Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects together,; with the practice of obliging them to perform diverse Services, arbitrary and oppressive, by virtue of Clauses in Charters, Contracts or Agreements, within the limits aforesaid, is contrary to the Nature of good Government, destructive, to the Liberties of free People, inconsistent with the Obedience and allegiance due to his Majesty and Government, as well as the greatest obstruction to the Improvement of Trade, Husbandry and Manufactories, and was one of the greatest Means of raising and carrying on the late unhappy rebellion be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Augustin the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and all Time there —. after, the annual Value of the Services, commonly called personal Attendance, hofting, hunting, watch

tonce, C Hull ing and warding! due by virtue of any Charter, Contract, Custom or Agreement whatsoever, shall be paid

bi paid in in Money annually instead of them.

Money.

XI. And for the determining the said.annual Value of Services and Attendance, It is hereby further

How the annual enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons to whom such Services and Attendance are due, and; Value shall be those by whom they are payable, shall each for themselves agree mutually for the said annual Value, or by.

Arbitrators ch ofe'n by their mutual Consent j and in case they cannot agree in Manner aforesaid, either

Party may apply to the Lords of the Session at Edinburgh, by Bill or Petition, to have the said annual value ascertained by them; and the said Lords of the Session are hereby empowered and required summarily to determine the said annual Value, after having heard both Parties, or summoned and given them Time to compear*

XII. And for preventing the like Abuses in Time to come, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all clauses in Charters, Contracts or Agreements of any Sort, whereby the foresaid ser paying the said vices of personal Attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding are contracted to be payable, and stall'bc'vsd" fr which a certain Sum of Money is ordered to be paid annually as above, as well as all Obligations,

*to pay the aforesaid Services and Attendance, which shall hereafter be contracted, shall, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, be void and null, and of no effect inlaw, and so remain In all Time to come.

Not to extend to

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to enervate or take away other Chuses'n any 0pilcr Clause or Article in the aforesaid Charters, Contracts or Agreements, besides those Clauses, by the said irters virtue of which the foresaid Services and personal Attendance of hofting, hunting, watching and warding are payable.

Agreements fey

XLV. Provided also, That the foresaid Agreements by mutual Content or by Arbitrators, or sailing of mutual Content, these, " the Sentences of the Lords of the Session interposing as above, whereby a certain Sum of Money, C to behind paa]j ]-, e determined to be paid annually, instead of the foresaid Services of personal Attendance, hofting. Hunting, watching and warding, shall have, and they are hereby ordered to have the same f orce and effect in Law, assis the said Sum of Money ascertained and determined as above, were insert as payable in the said respective Charters, Contracts or Agreements, instead of the said Services of personal Attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act for renelring the Union of the two Kingdoms more entire and complete It is among other Things enacted, That Circuit Courts shall be held in that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland,

in

After Aug. I, 1717, the an nual Value of personal Atten

determined.

Clauses in Charters, &c. for

ing in Law,

Ann. «. 6.

93.

55'

And whereas, by the late unnatural Rebellion, as rendered it nnpolbble to give u an J transmit presentments in such due Time, as Prosecutions might thereupon commence before the Circuits to be held in May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, whereby.and by the Absence of several sheriff's and other Officers appointed by Law for executing the Portous Rolls, who joined in the said Rebellion, there appeared a Necessity of superseding the said Circuit; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority Lord Justice aforesaid, That the Lords' Justice Clerk, and Commissioners of Justiciary, and all and every other Person Clcrlc and Persons therein concerned, are hereby exonerated and indemnified for their not performing the said 7'.^, the

in Manner and at the Places mentioned in the said Act; the Course of Justice in Scotland has been so mterrji|hed,

rcc. inti nfinifice] for no

in Mr

indemnified orth

Circuit, as by the forecited Act they were obliged to do; anything in the same Act, or in any other arc,; t Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. 17: 6.

XVI. And whereas the Want of Schools in proper Places, for the Education of Youth within the

Bounds aforesaid, is alfoa great Cause of the Ignorance and Rudeness of the meaner Sort of People in

those Parts Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as his Majesty Account to l>s

shall appoint under his royal Sign Manual, shall, and they are hereby required and empowered, on or 1: in before his before the first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to lay M jc % >of Pts before his Majesty an Account of the proper Places for establishing Shools, and of the necessary Salaries for for the Maintenance of them, that all needful Provision may be made for that End, "Gn

39. 21 Gcq. 2. C 34. 26 Geo. 2. C zg.

2. A

CAP. LV.

An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates)

WHEREAS the Papists within this Kingdom, notwithstanding the tender Regard that hath 3 Car. 1. e a.

been hewn them for many Years, last past, by omitting to put in Execution the many penal locar.z.jut.z.

Laws which (011 occasion of the many just Provocations they have given, and horrid Designs they fe,

have framed, for the Destruction of this, Kingdom and the Extirpation of the Protestant Religion) havejtft? j,

been made against them; and notwithstanding the y have enjoyed, and do still enjoy the Protection and ii sfn IV 3. ' Benefit of the Government, as well as the rest of his Majesty's Subjects, have not only, all or the 04.

greatest Part of them, been concerned in stirring up and supporting the late unnatural Rebellion, for the12 dm.jlet. 2'

dethroning and murdering his most sacred Majesty; for destroying our present happy Establishment; for'14"

settling a Popish Pretender upon the Throne of this Kingdom; for the Destruction of the Protestant Religion, and the cruel murdering and massacring its Profcllors;

+by which they have brought a vast Expense upon this Nation; And whereas it manifestly appears by their Behaviour, that they take themselves to be obliged, by the Principles they profess, to be Enemies to his Majesty and to the present happy Establishment, and watch for all Opportunities of some nting and stirring up new Rebellions and Disturbances within the Kingdom, and of inviting Foreigners to invade it: And for as much as it is highly reasonable, that they should contribute a large Share to all such extraordinary Expenses as are or shall be brought upon this Kingdom by their Treachery and Instigation: And to the end that, by paying largely to the late great Expenses by them brought upon this Nation, they may be deterred, if possible, from the like Offences for the future: that this Nation may have the Benefit of his Majesty's gracious

Condcfccnlion, in giving his Interest in the two third Parts of all the Papists Estates, which are already forfeited to him by Law, for the Use of the Public, either by seizing the said two third Parts of their Estates for the public Service, or by, laying some Tax or Charge upon their Estates in lieu thereof, in such Proportion and in such Manner as shall be determined to be reasonable in parliament and to the end that their Estates may be certainly known and discovered, for the Purposes aforesaid. for such other Ends as a Parliament shall think fit. Be it enacted by the King's most excellent.majesty, by and with that Offence agai fi Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament itnseicianex assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, not having taken the zclrctpm j t Oaths herein after mentioned before the last Day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, f0g».2. C Jz. in the Manner by Law required, having any Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments^. 57. or who shall hereafter have any Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments lying, beingjrne or arising in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, land, cof the who is or shall be a Popish Recusant or Papist, or is or shall be educated in the Popish. Religion, or whole Age ofii Vears. Parent or Parents shall be a papist or Papists, or who shall use or profess the Popish Religion, shall, if he, T June 24.

Ihe or they be, on the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, of the Age of one jj u'ken the'* and twenty Years, on or before the twentieth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one. thousando°ths, thail b. c. seven hundred and sixteen, and if he, she or they be, on the said twenty-fourth of June, unborn or underfore Jan. zc, that Age, within the Space of six Months next after he, she or they shall respectively attain to that Age, '7l6> and have such Estate or Interest as aforesaid, take the several Oaths appointed to be taken by such Per take the Oaths fons who bear any Office under his Majesty. an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, app0, nte(i ty intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the cco'i. at" Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protcfants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended

Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, and also repeat and subscribe the Declaration set downed repeat and and expressed in an al of Parliament made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles luh{i:, \bethev^ the second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling^f^jff^ Sjapijls from sitting in either House of Parliament >, in the High Court of Chancery, Court of King's Bench, j(°t, "'. c.'j.

Court

C 55.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. st&t. 2. A.D. 1715.

r in Default ill a 11 within six Months after they come into Court of Common Pleas, of Court of Exchequer, or at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding or Division, where such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or fomd Part thereof, shall lie or arise, between the Hours of nine and twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon or in default thereof shall, within the Space of six Months next after the Time hereby appointed for him, her or them to take the said Oaths and so, from Time to Time, within six Months after he, she or they, or any Trustee or Trustees for him, her or them, or his, her or their Benefit or Advantage Pori cfllon of any shall come into the pofi ession or Perception of the Rents or Profits of any other Lands, Tenements or Lands, C Hereditaments, register, or procure to be registered, his, her or their Name or Names, and all such Lands,

register their Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof he, she or they, or any Trustee or Trustees for him, her or

ftc.^n^ookstothem, or his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, shall be in Possession, or in the Receipt or Perception he kept by the of the Rents or Profits, which are situate, lying, being or arising in England Wales, or the Town of Clerks of the Berwick upon Tweed; and shall express or cause to be expressed in such Register, in what Parish, Town ppacc. ship or Place such Lands, Tenements and hereditaments, and every Part thereof lie or arise, and whqj

iclnn" L rs* or the time being, is or are the possessors thereof, and of eery Part thereof, and what estate or Interest

he, she or they, whose Name or Names is or shall be so regillred respe£uve!y, have in the same, and in every Part and parcel thereof respectively, and the yearly Rem referred to him, her or them for the same, et pteslet upon if the same shall be let; and if the same shall be. let upon Lease, then by whom such Lease was made, what yearly or other Rent is reserved thereupon, and what Fine or Sum of Money was paid for such Lease thereof, in case the same was made by himself or any Person in Trust for him, or that he was party or privy thereunto, and the Time and Day of the Month and Year when such Entry shall be made, in a Parchment book or Books, Roll or Rolls, which shall be kept by the clerk, of the Peace for every County, Riding and Division, where such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall respectively lie, arise or be. Persons Washes And to the end that all fraudulent, or covenous registring any Persons Names or Estates, who do not desire to be rubicnbed have them registered, may be prevented, every Person whose Name and Estate shall be, or ought to be of two*t^ftices registered as aforesaid, is hereby obliged to take care that his Name be, within the said six Months hereby Jus' allowed for making such Registry, subscribed to such Registry or Entry in the said Books or Rolls, in the Presence of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, where such Registry shall be, in open Sessions, either by the Person himself whose Name and Estate shall be so registered, or by his Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised by Warrant of Attorney under his Hand and Seal, executed by him in the Presence of two or more witnesses, two of which witnesses at the least shall make proof of such Execution upon their Oaths at the Quarter sessions where such Name shall be subscribed, or Registry produced; and the justices of the said Court of Quarter sessions are hereby empowered and Two Justices to required to examine such witnesses upon Oath for that Purpose; and two of the Justices of the Peace then subscribs* their present shall subscribe their Names to every such entry which shall be so made before them, as witnesses nair^r o lpe" lat t^lc kme was ^ly mae as aforesaid; and in default thereof each of the said Justices then present y o. C twenty Pounds to the King. And to the end that the Parties concerned in the Premises may

find no Difficulty in procuring their Names and Estates to be registered "as aforesaid, all and every such Clerk and Clerks of the Peace are hereby required to keep Parchment books or Parchment rolls at Tome, notorious Place in the County, Riding or Division, in which they shall at as Clerks of: the Peace; and shall by themselves or their lawful Deputies register and enter in the said Books or Rolls the Christian and Surnames of all and every such Person or Persons, who shall come in Person and desire to be registered as aforesaid or shall send any Writing under his, her or their Hand to such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, desiring him to register his, her or their Name or Names; and shall also register the estate in Lands, Tenements and hereditaments.of every such Person and Persons, in such manner and in such words, as he, she or they shall, by any Writing signed by him, her or them respectively, desire such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy to register the same: Provided the Person or Persons who desire such Registry to be made, shall tender and pay to such Clerk and Clerks of the Peace, or to his or their lawful Deputies, the Fees Fees to be paid, hereby appointed to be paid unto him or them for such Registry, and so that they apply to him or them to enter such Registry, and deliver to him in Writing the Words he or they respectively desire to have so registered or entered, ten Days at the least before the Quarter sessions where the Entries thereof are. to be subscribed as aforesaid; and such Clerk or Clerks of the Peace, or their lawful Deputy or Dc.* shall enter such persons names and Registry of their Estates before the next Quarter sessions of the quarter ion peace after such Delivery in the said Books or Rolls, and shall carry the said Books and Rolls in which such Entries shall be so made with him or them to the next and every other Quarter sessions of the Peace

to be held for the County, Riding, Division or Place where fuel. Entry shall be made, until the Time of such subscribing the same shall be expired; to the end that all and every the Persons whose Names shall be or ought to be, registered, as aforesaid, or their respective Attorney or Attorneys, may have an Opportunity, to come to the said Sessions, and subscribe the names of the Persons. so to be registered to the same; and such Clerk and Clerks of the Peace shall also keep alphabetical Tables of the Surnames of all.and every inch Person and persons whose Names and estates shall be so registered. of the Parishes and Townships. where the lands so registered lie, with reference to the Place in the Book or Books, Roll or rolls, where such Names and Lands shall be registered; and shall also carefully keep all such warrants of attorney as shall be (o. proved, as aforesaid, upon a file, togedier which such Books and Rolls; and shall likewise enter such Warrants of Attorney upon Record, and shall have for such Registry and Entry on record, a See of three Ponce for every two hundred Words which such Registry and Entry on record shall contain, and no more, to be paid by the Person registring the same; and shall also have the Sum of fourpence, and no more, for every Search that shall be made for the Name or estate of any Person; and js and are hereby

Clerks of the Peace to keep Parchment books to enter the Names,

and register the Estates, C

Books to be carried to the

Clerks of the Peace to, keep alphabetical Tables of the Surnames, and file the Warrants of Attorney,

3d. for every 200 Wolds, 4d. for every Search.

required

95

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. C. 55.

required to make search on the Request of amy Person or Persons wh oshall pay such Fees, and also shall permit and fufter such Person and Persons to inspect and search the said Tables, Books and Rolls, and inspect such Letters of Attorney as shall be so filed, if he or they shall desire it.; and every such Clerk of Clerk of ih* the Peace is hereby' required to give Copies of such Registries, subscribed by himself or his lawful De prttc puty, to every Person and Persons who shall desire such Copies, and tender him the Fees hereby appointed R"

to be paid for the same; and shall fuft er such Persons who shall request him so to do, to examine the same 1 Lr> with the Roll or Books by him kept, and for so doing shall take a See of three pencetor every two hundred Words contained in every such Copy as shall be so taken, and no more; and if aniy clerk of the Peace 'shall negleist or refuse to do any of the Matters or Things hereby appointed to be done by him, and be thereof lav'r fully convicted, he shall thereby forfeit his Office; and if any such Person or Persons, who is err are hereby required or intended to take and subscribe such Oath, and repeat and subscribe fetch Declaration, as afore thcorh:, or" said, or in Default thereof, to register or cause to be registered, his, her or their Name and Names, Estate not rfitir ng and El hates, as aforesaid, shall not either take and subscribe such Oath, and repeat ai; d subscribe such'l'=ue['atcs, t; C Declaration, as aforesaid, In such Manner, as aforesaid, or register his, her or their respdcliye Name and Names, and Estate, in such Manner, as aforesaid; and also subscribe his, her or their r'efpe^tive Name or Names to such Registry, or procure the same to be subscribed thereto by his, her or their respective Attorney or Attorneys, lawfully authorised, as aforesaid, so to do, within the respective Times herein Before limited Or appointed for his, her or their doing thereof, or shall not register the same truly; that then and in every such Case, the Person and Persons wilfully neglecting of refusing so to do, or committing any Fraud in such Registry, shall forfeit the see simple and Inheritance of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments not registered, or 'fraudulently registered, whereof he, she or they, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, was or were seized in fee simple at the Time of such Default or Fraud in registring, as aforesaid, and the full Value of the Inheritance of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hot registered, or fraudulently registered, as aforesaid, whereof he, she or they, or same Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, was not or were not seized in fee firiiple at the Time of such Default or Fraud, as aforesaid; two third Parts thereof to the King, and the other third Part thereof to fu C h rv

Person or Persons, being a Protestant or Protestants, who shall sue for the same at the common-law, '? d in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by such action, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, or" other Process as shall be proper, according" to the Nature of the Case, and of the Thing sued for, or in

the High Court of Chancery; and the Person so suing shall be entitled in the High Court of Chancery

to demand all such Discoveries as he might do if he were a Purchaser upon a valuable Consideration of the Estate so sued for; and to demand a true Discovery from all Persons of all such Encumbrances and Titles which any way do or may affect the same, and of all Trusts relating thereto or protecting the same; to which Bill or Bills no Plea or Demurrer shall be allowed, but the Defendant or Defendants shall sufficiently answer the same at large; and also that the Person suing for any such Real Estate may, if he shall think fit, bring an Ejectment for the same upon his own Demise, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if it shall appear upon Trial of such Ejedlment, that the Estate sued for is the Estate of the Person so neglecting to register, or fraudulently registring, and the Defendant shall not be able to make it appear that he took the said Oaths, and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, in such Manner as aforesaid, or otherwise that he regiilred his Name and the Estate so sued for in iiich Manner as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be given for the Lessor of the Plaintiff in such Ejectment, and Judgement shall be thereupon had in such Manner as is usual upon Verdicts in Ejectment, and the Leflor of the Plaintiff shall have Costs of Suit, as is usual when judgement in Ejedtment is recovered by, or given for the.l'effor of the Plaintiff; and by such Judgement two third Parts of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so recovered, shall be veited in the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other third Part thereof in the Person who shall be the Lessor of the Plaintiff in the said Ejedfment.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person orpcr*ns tcyond Persons, who is or are hereby required or intended to take and subscribe such Oath, and make and fub "

feribe such Declaration, or to make such Registry, as aforesaid, shall be beyond the Seas upon the eigh - ", e tee nth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, that then and in such Case, if such Person orniiy 20. 1-17. Persons shall take the O. ths, or repeat and subscribe the Declaration hereby appointed to be taken, re or procuring prated and subscribed in such Court, and in such Manner as the same are hereby before appointed to bethsir taken, repeated and subscribed, on or before the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and3, seventeen, or in default thereof shall procure his or their respective Name and Names, Estate and Estates (head ihak t: to be registered in such mahnor, as aforesaid, at any Time within six Months next after the said twentiethgood and eff«c day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, that then and in such Case, such taking the Oaths and repeating and subscribing the said Declaration, or such Registry of his or their respective Name or Names, and Estate or Estates, shall be as good and effectual, in respect of every such Person and Persons so Being beyond Sea upon the said eighteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, as it would have been if such Person had taken the said Oaths, and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration on or before the twentieth Day of January oiie thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in such Manner as aforesaid, or had registered his Name and Estate in such Manner as aforesaid, within six Months next after the said twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

III. Provided, That in case such Person or Persons so making Default, or committing any Fraud in re purchaser?, tc.

giftrin'g, as aforesaid, after such Default or Fraud committed, and before he, she or they be thereof con, r*vaiu^ie victed, or any Ejcdhnent or Suit brought for such forfeited Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall bona^£ n'or

side, for a just and valuable Consideration, convey over, grant, leal'e or encumber all or any such Lands,

3 Tenements

96 C 56. Anno primo. Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D. 1715.

Fraud inregi Tenements or Hereditaments omitted, or fraudulently registered, as aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, ftrinp, fell notthe Person or Persons so purchasing, or having such Grant, Lease or Encumbrance, 'as aforesaid, not know be prejudiced, ing, at the Tirne of such Purchase or Encumbrance made, the Paid Offender to be a Person within the de iriy Forfeitures, scription of this Act, shall not be prejudiced, 'nor his, her or their Estate' or Interest in the said Landsj } Tenements and Hereditaments, impeached, for or byreason of such Forfeiture, as aforesaid but in that

Case the said Offender shall forfeit the Value of the Inheritance of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be distributed and recovered in Manner as aforesaid.

jcot to extend to J V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That ^s^thing na's firefen,: Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any Person what for the Space of soever to register or procure to be registered, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, until he or some six Months. other Person or Persons, as Trustee or Trustees for him or his Benefit, or on his Behalf, is, are, have or hath been, or shall be actually seized and have Notice thereof, or possessed, or in the Receipt of the Rents or Profits of the same, for the Space of six Months!

Not to compel V. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any per so^tta'r on or ^>er^ons to register any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof he, she or they shall be only ixc, to r gi or jrarmer(0j, parmers, or Tenants at a rack rent, or who only do or shall hold by Lease or Leases, whereupon two Thirds of the full yearly Value, or more, is, areor shall be reserved.

Nor to prejudice VI Provided, also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to defeat or prejudice any Protestant, of but persont' other Creditor, who bona fide hath or shall have any Charge or Encumbrance upon any Real Eftdte or making Default, Estates hereby di raffed to be registered; but then in case of such Charge or Encumbrance, the Person or in regifti ing Persons so making Default, or committing any Fraud in registring, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Value of Encumbrances, such Charge and Encumbrance, one third Part thereof to and among the Person and Persons who shall by Value" 1*114)12 v'rtue f this A (St sue for and recover the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments forfeited, as aforesaid subject to such Charge and Encumbrance, or any Part thereof, in proportion to the Part so by him, her or them recovered, and two third Parts thereof to the King's moult Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. Times allowed

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to Persons in the or Persons being in the East or West indies or America, shall be compelled to sake the said' Oaths, and figri Eica 'S " 'northeast" t^le Declaration before mentioned, and register his, tier or their Estate or Estates at the Time within mentioned, but shall have twelve Months longer than the Times herein before respectively allowed to Persons beyond the Seas to take the said Oaths, and sign the said Declaration, arid; register their Estate and Estates; Su farther cm anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

timing Pafijls, 3 Geo. I. C 18', 9 Geo. I. C 18. to Geo. 1. c. 4. ti Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. a. C 13.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to disable any Person from being chose a Member, of, or from sitting and voting ini the House of Commons, who has any pension for any Number of Years from the Crown.

£ Ann, C 7*

No Person having a Pension from the Crown shall be capable of being defied, see. a Member of the House of Commons,

C 1I WHEREAS by an Act, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and govern ment and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, and made in the sixth Year of the late Queen Anne, it was provided, That no Person having any Pension from the Crown during Plsafnre, should be capable of being elected, or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, in any Parliament which should be then after summoned and liiolden; To the End therefore that the Provision intended by that Law, for securing the Honour of the House of Commons, may not in future Times be defeated or eluded by any Person who shall be a Member of the House of Commons, accepting any Pension for any term or Number of Years; Be it enacted by the King's rnolt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the same, That no Person having any.pension from the Crown for any Term or Number of, Years, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trull for him, or for his Benefit, shall be capable of being elected or chosen a Member of, or of sitting or voting as a Member of this present or any future House of Commons which, shall be hereafter summoned. '

Any Person hah. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall have such Pension, fions ami who as af°rslid, at the Time of his being lb elected, or at any Time after, during such Time as he shall conning elected tinue or be a Member of the House of Commons, shall presume to sit or vote in that House, then and in than sit in the such Case, he shall forfeit twenty. Pounds for every Day in which he shall so fit or vote in the said House, shall for house of Commons, to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts in nfem° to die tl'e/imiiifter hedland the Moneys lb forfeited shall be recovered by the Person so suing, 'with full Costs of Prosecutor. Suit in any of the said Courts, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no eltoin, Pri seefarther 2 Geo. vilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and only one Imparlance.

2. i. 24. ooeo. 2. C 23. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 3s, 11 Geo. 2. r, 24. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. ls Geo. z, C ls. 19 Geo. 2. C zs. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. t. 20.

A.D. 1715. Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2.

C 57*

97

CAP. LVII.

An Act for better regulating Hackney coaches, Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Wagons within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality; and for preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, dra)s, Carrs and Wagons.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Maje9 Anne

and jcventy Pounds, for thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein menti oned to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the isar, and other her Majesty's Occasions, a Power was given to the Commissioners therein mentioned, from Time to Time,

during the Term of thirty-two Years therein mentioned, to licence all such Persons, who, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at any Time or Times within the said Term, should drive or keep Hackney coach or Coach horses with in the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality: And whereas several Inconveniences have been found by reason of ' a Clause in the said Act, whereby the Commissioners are empowered to make bylaws to bind such Persons only who shall have Licences to keep Hackney coaches: And whereas several Doubts have arisen in relation to other Clauses in the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better regulating and ordering such Persons who are or shall be licensed to keep or drive Hackney coaches, and the Renters of fuclv Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, and to prevent any Disturbances and other Inconveniences in the Streets and Highways where such Coaches shall stand and be driven, and for Punishment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners ( from Jne Comrn'r tinre to Time authorised to put the said recited Act in Execution) or the Major Part of them, to make t'°" cp such Orders, bylaws, and Ordinances from Time to Time, to bind all Persons who are licensed to keep 0a the Act 9" Hackney coaches, the Renter or Renters of such Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, and to annex Arm. C 23. such reasonable Penalties, as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Orders, make by by laws, or Ordinances, be made agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the former Acts concerning Hackney coaches, and be for the better putting in Execution thereof, and for the good ofeep"

Government and regulating the Persons licensed to keep Coaches, and the Renters of such Licences, and Hackney drivers of such Coaches, and so as they do not contain anything repugnant to the Laws of this Realm j Coaches, the said bylaws to be approved and put in Execution, as in and by the said recited Act is directed.

II. And be it further enacted byjthe Authority aforesaid, That if any Hackney coachman or Driver penalty for re

shall refuse to go at, or shall exact more for his Hire than according to the said recited Act, or bylaws £0 atr_

made pursuant thereto, shall be limited and appointed, he shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum at the for hkhirethan Discretion of the Commissioners authorised to put the said Act in Execution, or the major Part of them, according to the not exceeding three Pounds nor under ten Shillings, the said Offence or Offences to be determined, and Said Act.

the said Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered, levied, and applied, as in and by the said recited Act is9 Anne. 23 directed concerning the forty Shillings Penalty for the Offences aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth None but Per day of June, no Person or Persons shall presume to Hand, ply, or drive for Hire, with any Coach what Fons licensed _ Hearie or Coach horses, or shall let to Hire any Mourning conch or Coach horses, to wait or London' cn attend on any Funeral within the Cities of London and Westminster, or Suburbs of the same, or within the Forfeiture of si. Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, except such Person or Persons who are or shall he licensed by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the before mentioned Act, That every Person and Persons so offending shall for every such Oltence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, the said Offence to be determined, and the said Penalty to be recovered, levied, and applied, as in and by the said recited Act is directed concerning the Penalty for driving an Hackney coach for Hire without Licence within the Places aforesaid.

IV. And whereas of late it has been the common Practice of Undertakers of Funerals to hire Gen ' tlemens Coaches and Horses of their Servants, without the Knowledge and Consent of their Masters, to wait and attend on Funerals, to the Prejudice of the Owners of such Coaches and Horses, and greatly to the Detriment of the Persons licensed to keep Coaches and Horses to let to Hire within the Places aforesaid: whereas tis difficult to prove any such Hiring of such Persons by the Undertakers, for that

'tis a Matter privately transacted between themselves, and a certain common Price (known between the Parties) is constantly paid though no Agreement made Be it therefore further enacted by the Autho Mourning rity aforesaid, That if any Person shall drive a Mourning coach to any Funeral, except the same shall Coaches toll have a Number fixed on the Fore standard of such Coach or Hearse, or in some other convenient Place to not be drivea Vol. V O be

9 8

C 57.

Anno primo Georgii Regis. Stat. 2. A.D.

1715.

To funerals, ex be appointed by the Commissioners, showing it to be a licensed Coach or Hearse to be let to Hire, or except they have cept the same mail be the Coach of some Person of Quality or gentleman's Coach attending the Mailer or Mistress, or any of his, her, or their Family; and if Information shall be given to the said Commissioners of such salit shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners to summon the Party driving such Coach or Hearse before them, and on default of such Party or Parties appearing on such Summons before the said Commissioners, the Commissioners are hereby empowered to proceed against him or them; and although no express Hiring shall be proved, yet unless such Party or Parties shall appear and prove a previous Order or Command from the Owner of such Coach or Coach horses to attend at such Funeral, it shall be deemed and adjudged a Driving for Hire, and the said Party shall forfeit for such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered of the Driver of such Coach, Hearse or Horses, or the Undertaker of such Funeral, and to be levied and applied as in and by the said recited Act is directed concerning the Driving an Hackney coach for Hire without Licence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted

a Number, or Gentlemens Coaches attending the Mailer. con

Forfeiture of 5l.

Persons prose

the General Issue, and shall have double Costs.

After June 24,

cuted may plead for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they fhalband may plead rhp nenprai the General Issue, and give this al, and the special Matter proper for his Defence in Evidence; and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue or forbear prosecuting their said Actions, then such Defendant and Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have such Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

No Certiorari.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or 'Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceeding, upon any Order or Orders made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Aldermen, r.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Alderman of every Ward in London may of the said City within his Ward, and every Justice of Peace within his Jurisdiction, in the said Cities inhia the like anc Counties, to inflict the like Penalties, and to levy the same in the same manner, for any Offence or commurione^ Offences contrary to this Act, within any the Places aforesaid, as the Commissioners abovementioned have Power to inflict and levy upon any such Offenders, as aforesaid; that no Person be punished twice for the same Offence.

VIII. And whereas, through the Negligence of Carters, Draymen, Carmen, and Waggoners, riding e upon their Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Wagons, in the Streets of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the weekly Bills of Mortality, aged and other Persons, and chile dren, are frequently maimed, wounded, and killed: 'For preventing such Mischiefs for the future, Be 7716. No Cjr it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Carter, Drayman, Carman, Wagoner, or other Persia e on iiis'cart on driving any Cart, Dray, Carr, or Wagon, in or through any the Streets or Lanes aforesaid, shall X C'after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, ride upon such Cart,

Dray, Carr, or Wagon, not having some other Person or Persons on foot to guide or conduct the same, every such Offender being thereof coirvidled before the Alderman of the Ward, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City or County where the Offence is committed, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings to be levied by di ilrefs and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Pland and Seal of such Alderman, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence is committed; and in default of Payment of the said Forfeiture the Person or Persons so offending, Dcicmioine to sent by such Alderman, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, to the House of Correction, there to be House of Cor kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Days, region for three

Days, Farther provided for by 24 Geo. 2. c. 43. f. S.

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive or take away from the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London and Governors of chrijts Hospital, any Power or Authority they have to punish any the Offences aforesaid, which shall be committed by any Persons uffng or driving any Cart, Dray, Carr or Wagon, within the City of London, and any of the Offenders therein, in j.c tukc au ay such Sort and Manner as they now usually do, such Offender not having been before punished for the said the Power of Offence by virtue of this Act.

the Mayor of

London, Farther prcni/hns concerning Coaches, gfr, 12 Celt L C in 20ccu C 10. 30 Co. 2. C 22> /. 61 33 Cw, 2. 23.

on Forfeiture of 10s.

3n Default of Payment, to be sent to the

A.D. 1716. C. 1-4. 99

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnae Britannia Francis & Hiberniae, tertio.

At the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE.', by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; being the second Session of this present Parliament.' ' (a) In the Record

is added, '

and further continued by Adjournments till the 15th Day of July in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign.

---

CAP. I.

An Act to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain Commerce with Sweden.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

---

"L. AND whereas by an Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the morc penmes against effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall feduee Soldiers to desert, or being papijlsfati Geo. i.

shall inlist themselves in his Majesty's Service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey orn^f iobih'a ' Jersey; is enacted, That any Person or Persons whatsoever, who should directly or indirectly persuadf^.

or procure, or endeavour to persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers, in the Service of his Majesty, C or of his Heirs or successors, to desert, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, should forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds Now be it enacted, That for such Offences as shall be committed against the said recited Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Penalties thereby enacted shall be sued for and recoverable in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and for such Offences against the said Act, as shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall be sued for and recoverable in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such Offences against the said Act, as shall be committed in Ireland, the same shall and may be sued for and recoverable in any of the four Courts at Dublin, anything in the said recited Act to the contrarysol

thereof in any wise notwithstanding: see farli!f

9 Geo. 2. c. 30.

22 Geo. 2. c. 44. 2$ Geo. 2. C I, 33 Geo. 2. c. 6, 32 3. Lifowlfe the yearly Mutiny

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year. one thousand seven hundred and seventeen.

3s. in the Pound.

EXP.

CAP IV

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for die Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; to authorise Allowances to be made to certain Receivers; and to obviate a Doubt concerning Goods imported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, and Alderney; and to ascertain the Duties upon sheep skins and Lamb skins, and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates, of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties on low wines and Spirits carried Coastwise.

III. AND whereas it has been thought necessary heretofore, for the Service of the Public, That thepet the appk o f \ Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, should make allow ca.aon of the.,

ances to several Receivers General of land taxes: and Duties on Houses and Marriages, for their extra^i.on'esfr: ir's, ordinary Charges in bringing, up the Money', over and above the Poundage allowableby the respectlvdy?^ fofra^rs. ' Acts of Parliament for the said Taxes and Duties, 1 upon Reports made to them by the proper Officers, * for that Purpose, but by reason the Moneys out of which such Allowances were ufjaky. paid are now

100 C. 4. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Inter eft,

and to such as have already cleaved their Accounts,

1 Geo. 1. ft. 2, C appropriated, many have incurred the Penalty of paying ten Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, by C 36. §. 4. C virtue of the affor aying Duties on Malt, and other Things, for the Service of the Year one thou _ C sand seven hundred and sixteeh, without any Regard had to such Allowances, whereby diverse Receivers

are rendered incapable of passing their Accounts For Redress whereof. Be it further enacted by the Treasury to Authority aforesaid, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now ances torece! or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the

vei s fm°extraor Time being, are hereby empowered to eause such Sums of Money, as he or they, upon due Consideration dinary Charges, of such Reports made or to be made by the proper Officers for that Purpose, shall judge to be.just and reasonable, to be paid or allowed, from Time to Time, to such Persons as have been, are or shall be Receivers, their Sureties, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, out of the Arrears remaining in without char their respective Hands, without charging any of them with Interest, after the Rate of ten Pounds per cen ging them with turn, for so much as Such Allowances shall amount unto; and the several Auditors are hereby required to 10l. percent. ah0w the same, on passing their respective Accounts, upon such Warrant or Warrants as shall be signed by any three or more of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, cr the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

IV. And whereas fore Receivers of such Taxes and Duties, as aforesaid, their Executors, admi nistrators, or Sureties, to avoid the extreme Rigour of the Law, and the said. Penalty inflicted by the said last mentioned Ael, have, with 'great Difficulties, raised Moneys and cleared their Accounts, though the just Allowances for their extraordinary Charges have not been made to them Be it therefore en acied, That so much as the said commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge reasonable upon such Report or Reports, as aforesaid, to be allowed to such Receivers as have already cleared their Accounts, 'shall and may be paid to them yespectively out of any Arrears of any land-tax or land taxes which are or may be recovered and brought into the Exchequer, and shall there remain after all Loans registered thereupon, and., the Interest thereof, shall be satisfied or transferred for Satisfaction; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas the Inhabitants of the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney, have always been permitted and allowed to import into England, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of those respective Isles, upon Certificates from the respective Governors. Lieutenant or Deputy Governors, or Commanders in Chief, for the Time being, and Oaths before the Magistrates of the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, that the same were of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Islands, or either of them, without paying any Customs!

or Duties for or in respect thereof: And whereas some Doubt hath of late arisen, whether ae cording to some late Laws now in Force, the same may be continued Now for removing the said Doubt, and encouraging the said Inhabitants to continue that steady and firm Loyalty and Fidelity to the Crow not Great Britain, which they have formerly and constantly shown to the Crown of England, and for their better Support; Be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tha. said Inhabitants shall and g o. 1, may (with and under such Certificates and Oaths, as aforesaid) import into any lawful Port of Great Britain, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said"

from Islands, or either of them, without paying any Customs, Subsidies or Duties, for or in respect thereof ex

nunis (hu cept such Excise or other Duty as is now, or shall hereafter, for the Time being, be due and payable for

pay as other the like Goods of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain); any Law or Statute to the

Foreign Salt, contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Bonds ami Secu '

VI. And whereas upon the aforesaid Doubt, whether the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the sities discharged; f Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Blands might still be imported into Great Britain Custom free, several bonds.with Securities have been lately taken for answering the Duties demanded for the same, unless discharged from the said Duties by act of Parliament, the said Bonds are hereby declared null and void, and the said Securities discharged from all Prosecutions for the same.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained, shall exempt, or be construed to exempt, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, 'product, or Manufacture of any Foreign Nation or Country, 5 which may lawfully be imported into the said Blands, or such foreign Goods or commodities as shall or may be in Part or fully manufactured in the said islands by the People thereof, from Payment of such. Customs or other impo llrions on the bijpbnstion of the same, from any of the said'blands into Great Britain, as jare or shall be due" and payable for Goods and commodities of the like kinds imported into Great Britain, from such fto reigti Nation qr country of which the said Goods are of the Growth, product, or Manufacture; any Law, Cuilom, or Ulugc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas some Doubts have arisen upon certain Ciauies in the two acts of the ninth and tenth years of Queen ahn'e, for the laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, whether sheep skins and Lamb

Shomaek,

Goods of the Produce of Jersey, C to be imported Dutyfree.

By

buttorcign Goods, C to pry Du: y.

Sheep Heins and s io Ik ns to pay only five Farthings per Pound.

nuns, "being first dipped and steeped in the tanners'"wooze made of the Bark of Trees or and afterwards tawed and dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, should be charged wide die.

six F artliin^s, o or five Farthings for e ve rypo u n d - we i g h t f he r eo f " It is hereby enacted and de d anh?«.r^sxjakehatfcit. allu^je^g ikcnsnaiud lambi skins tawed 'and dressed, 1 or made i

into Leather, or which shall or Meal, shall be rated and info proportionally for every great and dressed, or made into lea or steeped in the 'Fanners Wooze

made

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 5. 101

made of Bark of Trees or Shomack before such tawfng or drafting as aforesaid; any Thing in the said as uily or in any other al contained to the contrary notwithstanding

concern n

Leather, see farthr 5 Geo. 1. c. 2. iz Geo. 2. c. 2 5*

XIV. And whereas Starch made beyond the Seas, and imported into this Kingdom, is by Law subj! After May 27,

to the Payment of Custom and other Duties, and Starch made in this Kingdom is made liable to the '7*7. 1!3lr"

Payment of several Duties by way of Excise, to evade the Payment whereof several considerable Quantities of Starch ground into Powder have of late been fraudulently imported from Parts beyond the Seas, starch '6 4 under the Denomination of hair powder, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue and the Ruin of the Concerning Smreh starch makers of this Kingdom; and such Powder being not liable to pay on the Importation thereofyefint r ' much above one twentieth Part of the Custom and Duties which Starch is liable unto For preventing whereof for the future, Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all hair powder made of Starch, or other Powder that will serve for the same Uses as Starch, shall, on the Importation thereof, after the twenty seventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, be subject and liable to the same or the like several and respective Duties, as foreign Starch on the Importation thereof is liable unto; and such Powder so to be imported shall be entitled to the like Drawback upon Exportation, and be collected or levied with such Allowances, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such man tier and Form, as is directed and prescribed by the Laws now in Force relating to the Collection of his Majesty's Customs and other Duties upon Starch.

XVII. And whereas several Persons who privately brew, make and diflil great Quantities of low for pm Wines and Spirits, of which no Entries are made with the proper Officers of Excise of the respective i£7hc Dutir'on'Divisions and Places where the same are so brewed, made or distilled, nor any Duties paid for the same, low wines and do privately convey the same on board Ships or other vessels in several Ports of this Kingdom, and car spirits carried ry the same Coastwise to other Parts of this Kingdom, and there fell the same, whereby his Majesty is Coastwise.

very much defrauded iia his Duties on the said Commodities, and the fair Dealers in the said Commo.,

very much prejudiced in their Trade For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen all Low. 21. zgto 1. wines or Spirits, which shall be brought by Sea Coastwise from any Port or Place in this Kingdom to anyc »3. n gco. other Port or Place in this Kingdom, without a Certificate from the proper Officer of Excise of the re '*

speistive Divisions and Places where the same were brewed, made or distilled, that the Duty of such Low" '17' 2 wines or Spirits so brewed, made or distilled, hath been paid, (which Certificate shall be given on Demand without Fee or Reward) shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any of the Officers of the Customs or Excile of the Port or Place where the same shall be so brought in; the said for c' feiture to be sued for, recovered, determined and mitigated by the same Ways, Means and Methods, as2'4-2'any Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, determined and mitigated by any of the Laws of)' C 3,

Excile, and to be distributed, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety 2. C 17 to the Person or Persons that shall Cue or inform for the same. ci2>

40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. :

6 Geo. C 17. 7 Geo. C 14.9 Geo. C 23. 10geo. 11 Geo. 1. Geo. J 6 Geo. 1. Geo.

19 Geo.

20 Geo. 2. Geo.

*7

2. C 39 2s.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Edinburgh and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, and for discontinuing the Payment of the Dues commonly called the petty port Customs at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of this Act.

WHEREAS the City of Edinburgh, by being the Metropolis and Scat of the Government oftmsaft W Scotland, was subject to all the vicisitudes and Changes of the State, and particularly has, explained; y ' ever since the Reformation, being remarkably zealous in supporting and defending the Protestant lute 1 Geo. 2. 2.

rest, and thereby involved in great Debts above what the common Revenue of the Town could dif £.'022'nued b,

charge; therefore their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, with Consent of the Estates of9geo. 1. C 14. Parliament, by an act passed in the Parliament of Scotland on the thirteenth of June one thousand six hundred and ninety three Years, did give and grant to the said Town of Edinburgh and Community See 26 Geo. 2.

thereof, and to the magistrates and town council of the same, and their Successors in Office, for their C 36,

Use and Behoof, the Imposition of two Pennies Scots, (over and above the King's annexed Excise and additional.excile imposed in that Session of Parliament) upon the Pint of Ale and Beer, either b'rew ' ed, or brought in, or vended, tapped and sold within the said Town and Suburbs, and Liberties there 4 of; viz. Cannongate, South and North Leiths, jfejlport, Potteraw, and Pleasants, and the other Perti nents, to be paid to the said Town and Magistrates, and Council thereof, by the Brewers, Vintners,

Sellers or Tapsters of the said Ale or Beer, during the Space of fifteen Years and further, not exceeding the space of thirty Years, beginning from the first Day of July one thousand six hundred and ninety three,

and to be paid, uplifted and gathered weekly, monthly and quarterly, or other ways, as the Magistrates

C

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

The Rates and Duties imposed

raised, C under the same penalties, C

Overseers ap

and i own council should think fit to prescribe and order; excepting only from the said Act all such Ale and Beer as should be brewed in the Country without the Liberties of the Burgh by Heretors on theft own Lands, and brought in by them (they inhabiting for the Time within the Town) to be consumed for the Use of themf lies and their Families only; and also excepting all Ale and Beer vended within the precincts of Holyrood House and Castle of Edinburgh from the said Imposition: whereas since the Union of the two Kingdoms there hath been a gradual Decrease of the Revenue of the said Town, ., and there are several public Works (which of late Years have been much neglected) necessary to be carried on and done for the Service of the said Town, which will costa very considerable Sum of Money, and the said Town is much in Debt (Part of which was occasioned by the late Rebellion) and the said Debt will, at the Expiration of the said Act, be fq much increased, that the Money arising by the said Imposition will fall very short of discharging of the same: And whereas it is necessary to enlarge the Harbour of Leith and deepen the Channel thereof, and also to build and endow two new Churches, and make Provision for the Poor of the said Town, which are now become very numerous Wherefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, in Behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City do most humbly beseech your majesty, that it may be enased: And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the by the atfc patted Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem III Scotland, June bled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and the like Rates and Duties, and Imposition by the 30, 1693, upon AS aforesaid, laid, granted and imposed upon Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped and sold. t^'l"c' ln as aforesaid, within the said Town of Edinburgh and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, (except as in the said cotiunued fortq^ js excepted) shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said Act granted, be further years', after the continued, raised, levied, collected, paid and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates and Council of Expiration of the said City of Edinburgh for the Time being, and their Successors for the Use and Behoof of the said the Term grant town, for and during the full Term of nineteen Years, and by the same Means and Methods, and by da and to be anc un^er r*ch Rules and directions, and with such Exceptions, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures and Powers, as are prescribed, mentioned and expressed in the Act aforesaid; and that the said

Act, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be of full Force and esses to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting, securing, disposing, accounting for and levying the same, during the said Term of nineteen Years, as fully as if the same were particularly and at large repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And whereas by the said in Part recited Act of the Parliament of Scotland, two of the Lords of Session, with two of the parliament men for the Shires of Edinburgh and Haddingtown, were to overlook and control the Management of the Moneys arising by the said Act Now for the better attaining the took tnd^on" ner hereafter mentioned, Be it further enacted, That the Lords of Session shall, and they are hereby troul the Moneys authorized to nominate and appoint two of their own number, and the Barons of the Exchequer one of tnfing by this their Number, the Sheriffs of the Shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, and Haddingtown are hereby authorised Act, and required to summon the Heretors and Freeholders of the respective Shires to meet annually, to the

End that each Shire may eles and choose two of their Number; the first of which elesions by the Lords of Session, Barons of Exchequer, and by the Heretors and Freeholders of the Shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, and Haddingtown, shall be made on the first Tuesday of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and annually on the second tuesday of June thereafter; and the Persons so elesed and chosen, together with the Representatives in Parliament for the Time being for the said Shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, and Haddingtown, are hereby empowered and authorised to overlook and control the Management of the Moneys to arise by this Act, to aid and concur in the several Cases after mentioned: And in case they shall find any Mismanagement or Misapplication of the Moneys arising or to arise by this Act, or who may prose any other Abuse or Mismanagement of or concerning the same, they the said Overseers, or any two or cut any Persons more Of them, may sue and prosecute the Magistrates or others concerned in the Abuse or Mismanagement mem mina£c" ^01 re^refs and Reparation, in the Terms and under the Penalties contained in the aforesaid AS of the Times when Parliament of Scotland, and the first Meeting of the said Overseers (if not sooner called together at the they tha ll meet. Refiueft of the Magistrates of Edinburgh) shall be at the Town council chamber at Edinburgh, upon the Hive Power to l'ccoikl Tuesday of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and they shall have Power to ad, adjourn them j°urn themselves from Time to Time; and one anniversary Meeting shall be had upon the third Tuesday of feives. fitly yearly, for one Year longer than the Continuance of this Act.

The Magistrates

III. And be it further enacted, That at the first Meeting of the said Overseers the Magistrates of edin k^beforeui em uml lay before the said Overseers, or any three or more of them, an Account of all the Debts of

ar; Account of the Town, other than those Debts provided for, and to be discharged by the Duty arising by the former the Debts of the Act of Parliament, as they Hand on the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, to be Town.^entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; at the said first Meeting of the Overseers, or any other The Overseers subsequent Meeting, they the said Overseers, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and authorised to make and settle such Rules, diresions and bylaws, for the better Management of all the different Matters and Things hereafter mentioned, and for controlling the same, as to them shall appear to be necessary, consistent with this Act and the Laws of Scotland.

themagistrates, '

IV. And for as much as the Duty by this Act granted will not at present raise such a Stock or Sum hth edm"r ' Money as may he sufficient for the Purposes in this Act contained Be it further enacted by the hedutiw as a" Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates and Council of Edinburgh, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the Duty hereby granted, or any Part thereof, for any

empowered to make Rules, bylaws, See,

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 5* 103

any Term for which the same is hereby granted, or ny Part of the said Term, as a Security for any sumseci ty for Moor Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, and none other; ncv b "rC1'1'., 1' which said Moneys so borrowed, and also what shall arise by the said Duty, shall be applied and disposed of to the Uses following, viz. for renewing the water pipes and helping the Conduits which carry wa appii^J "u ter to the town j for enlarging the Harbour and deepening the Channel of Leith; for building a new Key at Leith; for settling an annual Fund of three hundred Pounds per Annum towards employing and maintaining the Poor of Edinburgh and adjacent Counties, which shall commence and grow due after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; for settling a Salary upon the Professor of Law in the University of Edinburgh, and his Successors in Office, not exceeding one hundred hounds per Annum, to commence and grow due from and after the eleventh Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; rebuilding the City Walls and Causwaying the Highways leading to the City; and for building two new Churches and settling Stipends for the Ministers; and in Aid of the Deficiency of the present ordinary Revenue of the Town, a Sum not exceeding four hundred and fifty-two Pounds annually: And the said Magistrates shall, and they are hereby required to lay before the Overseers an Ac "Tf, C count of all the Debts contracted upon account or by reason of any the Matters and Things aforesaid, overimran'1^ together with the Agreements, Covenants and Accounts relating thereunto; which said Account of Debts Account of ail shall be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and an Entry shall be made yearly and every Debts conu«o year, till the Purposes in this Act are completed and satisfied; on the third Tuesday of July which ted shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, a full and perfect State of all the Debts incurred and then grown due to the first Day of July in the said Year, shall be made up, and out of the Moneys arising by the said Imposition hereby continued, the Interest of the Debt then due from the said Town shall be paid, and all the annual Payments before mentioned, together with two thousand Marks Scots to two French Ministers, and what shall remain shall be applied for paying off Part of the Capital Debt, and so be applied yearly till all the Capital Debt due and unsatisfied before the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, is paid off and discharged; and if any more Moneys shall arise by the Imposition hereby continued, than shall be found necessary to payoff the Debts aforesaid, and discharge the annual Payments aforesaid, that such Overplus shall be laid out and applied for carrying '1'w

on such public Works as shall be found necessary for the Service of the said Town, as the same shall bet southeast au: d settled and agreed to by the Magistrates and Majority of the Overseers for the Time being: Which over seers shall be summoned by the Magistrates, or any three or more of them, to be present at all Agreements relating to Assignments or Farms made of the said Imposition of two Penny Scots on the Pint of all Ale and Beer Scots Measure by this Act continued.

V. Provided, That from and after the first Day of July which shall be in the Year of our Lord one Proviso, that the thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, it shall not be in the Power of the Magistrates, and they are Magistrates ih il hereby restrained from borrowing any Moneys, so as to increase the Debt of the said Town, during the

Term for which this Imposition is granted, for or upon any Reason or Purpose whatsoever j unless it shall be with the Consent and Approbation of the Majority of the Overseers hereby appointed, which Consent shall be first had under their Hands, or under the Hands of three or more of them.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That of the Number of Poor to be employed and main How Poor tained out of the yearly Fund of three hundred Pounds intended for that Purpose, one Fourth Part of that ^11 e Number shall be presented, and their casual Vacancies supplied by the Representatives in Parliament and vmncics r, p two Heretors elected by the Freeholders of the Shire of Edinburgh; and another Fourth Part of the Num plied.

her of Poor to be employed and maintained as aforesaid shall be presented, and their Vacancies supplied by the Representative in Parliament and two Heretors elected by the Freeholders of Haddingtown Shire.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the annual Payments with which the Town Annual pay is charged by this Act, shall continue and endure only till the first Day of July which shall be in the yearmcws

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and no longer; anything in this Act or any other C aj: n '3e \ Act to the contrary notwithstanding. -1 ' Ij, 4"

VIII. And for the further explaining the Powers granted to the said Magistrates of Edinburgh for their uplifting and levying the said Imposition within the Town of Edinburgh and Privileges thereof; Be it en Thc Imposition

majesty's Excise for uplifting and collecting shall be the Rule for uplifting and collecting the said impost ti'on; and the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being are hereby authorised and directed fionen to allow the said Magistrates or their Collectors to take out true and exact Copies of the said Charges given tip by the Officers of Excise upon the said Brewers liable in Payment of the said Imposition; laid Ma 0" lo0pies'* gistrates and town council being always obliged to discount and allow to the Brewers the same Dedudli of cu Charge;, ons and Allowances which are granted to the Brewers by the Commissioners of Excise

And whereas there have been sundry Debates and Difficulties arisen betwixt the Magistrates, their Farmers, Assignees and Collectors, and the Brewers, since Gauging took Place in Scotland, in relation to the Method of collecting the said Imposition now payable by the Brewers, by virtue of the aforesaid 1 Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland \ For preventing whereof, and further explaining of the said Powers, and for avoiding of Oaths, and keeping a just Equality amongst the Brewers, and preventing their being overcharged in raising and levying the said Imposition, for the Term yet to come by the said Act passed in Scotland imposed; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first How the imps. Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, the said Imposition shall be ascertained, levied and fition hail i collected, conform to the Charges to be given by the Officers of Excise, upon the Brewers liable in pay asceru, n d

meat

104 C 6, 7. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

ment thereof; and the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland are hereby authorised and directed to allow Copies thereof to the said Magistrates, or their Assignees, they givings the same Deductions and Allowances to the Brewers as are granted to them by the said Commissioners of Excise.

After July t, X Provided nevertheless, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

1713, alt Per twenty-three, all Persons living in the adjacent Counties, or elsewhere, who are not comprehended in fhciv" iead°rtnor ^efted by this act to the aforesaid Itnposition of two Penny Scots on the Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, jiter "into^edin., llay hnport their Ale and Beer to the said City of Edinburgh, or to any Place within the Privileges of the burgh, paying said City, they paying the said Duty for all the Ale and Beer so imported only, at such Time or Times, the Duty. re and in such Place or Places, as the Brewers living within the said Town or Privileges thereof are used and pealed by 9 Geo. accustomed to pay the same, subject to the Penalties mentioned in the said Act hereby continued, in case of Ic' 2s neglecting or refuting to pay the said Itnposition.

XI. And whereas it will be for the Ease of all such Persons as live in the Neighbourhood of and have £ Commerce with Edinburgh, that they Should, during the Continuance of this Act, be freed from and eased of certain Dues, paid and commonly known by the Name of petty port Customs, payable at the

Aftev the said Ports of the City of Edinburgh Be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of July one

rft of July Petty thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the said Dues and petty Customs shall be discontinued and cease, Customs fiull during the Continuance of this present Act, and no longer: Anything in this Act or any other Act of Parliament, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

See 1 Geo. 2. fi. 2. C 22. which explains and amends this Aei) end 25 Geo. 2. c. 9. which enlarges the Term,

CAP. VI '

Continued by An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of 10 Geo. 2. c. 7. Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privilege? thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there.

PR.

ts After July X 1717. two Penny Scots shall be laid on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed, C in

"Dumfries. Provost, cof Dumfries appointed Trull: rees for the Purposes in this Act. Trustees may "convey the Duty as a Security for Money borrowed. Ale and Beer not paying the Duty, shall be con "

"Differences to be determined by the King's Gauge. Trustees may farm the Duty."

CAP. VII.

'thischapter An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal and bien^noted af Interest on foe Orders made forth on four Lottery acts passed in the ninth and tenth Years

ter Cap. via.' of her late majesty's Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that behalf; and for establishing a General yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at several Rates, to be payable and transferrable at the Bank, of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Moneys for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal and Arrears of interest in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act are mentioned and for taking off the Duties on Linseed imported, and British Linen exported.

9 Ar; 8. C 6. "Farther Piovi irons for the < Funds settled by this Act are made by

Geo. r. 0. 10. '

5 Geo. 1. c. 3. e

6 6 Geo. 1. C C. 4. !0, 37, & 13 { Geo. 1. c. 3.

MOST Gracious Sovereign, Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year lvjl of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (of Blessed Memory) several Customs, Subsidies or Duties were revived, continued and made payable for and upon certain Goods and Merchandises which Should be exported from Great Britain from and after the eighth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing (except as therein is excepted) and a Duty of twelve Pence per hundred Weight was thereby imposed upon the Exportation of Leather, sheep skins and calve skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, which were thereby permitted to be bought and exported during the same Term: And it was thereby enacted,

That several Duties therein mentioned (and none other) Should he payable for all Coals, which during the said Term Should be exported or shipped to be exported.beyond the Seas; and that during the said Term there Should he raised and paid for and upon all Coals, Culm and Cynders (except as therein is excepted) which Should be shipped or water born, and carried from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place within the same; and for all Coals (if any such be) which Should be imported into Great Britain from any foreign Parts, the respective Duties therein mentioned; and that there Should be rajfed and paid for and upon all Candles, which during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, Should be imported or brought into Great Britain, or made within the same, the further Duties therein mentioned: And it was thereby also enacted and declared, That the several Duties imposed by the said Act, and all the Moneys, which during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from

'*the

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 7. 10-

the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, should arise of or for an Hereditary Duty of one per Centum chargeable upon Goods exported in certain Ships to the Mediterranean Sea, and of or for another Hereditary Duty formerly imposed on white Woollen Clothes, should be liable, and they are thereby appropriated for or towards making good a certain Fund of one hundred thirty sit e ( thousand Pounds per Annum thereby settled or intended to be settled during the Term of thirty-two Years (which commenced from the five and twentieth Day of Mat eh one thousand seven hundred and eleven)

for answering and paying all and every the principal Sums therein after mentioned, amounting in thetg. i, C whole to nineteen hundred twenty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy Pounds, together with Iiuct rell for the same, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Persons as should contri bute or advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on the then War, or to those claiming from or under them, in the Manner thereby prescribed: And it was thereby enabled, That any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties granted or appropriated by that Act yearly (over and above the said yearly Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds) should be applied for or towards the discharging the said principal Moneys payable by virtue of that Act. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the said ninth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, for establishing a ' General poll office, it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thou s«cirf iot r.

land seven hundred and eleven, during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing, the 9 Ann. C of weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds, out of the Duties and Revenues arising by that Act should be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as is therein mentioned: And by another Act of the said ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, several Duties were laid upon such Hides and Skins, and9 Ann. C u,

Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment as are therein specified, for the Term of thirty two 4 V ears, reckoned from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven: And by another Act of the same Year a Power was given for licensing such Persons as, after the twenty-fourth9 Ann. C

Day o (June one, thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at any Time or Times within the Term of thirty two Years, should drive or keep any hackney coach or coach horses in London, ive/hninster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding the number therein limited, reserving upon every such Licence the weekly Sum of five Shillings to be paid monthly after its Commencement, during the Continuance thereof respectively; and a power was thereby given for licensing all such hackney chairs, which after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, at any Time or Times within the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing, should be kept and uied for Hire in london and Westminster, and the Suburbs there ' of, and within all the Parishes and Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, reserving up on every such Licence the annual Sum of ten Shillings to be paid quarterly during the Continuance of

every such Licence for a Chair: And it was thereby enabled, That there should be throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, raisej, levie and paid, several Duties for Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, where upon several Things should be ingossed, written or printed, or whereby several Matters should be done ' (as is therein expressed) within or.during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and that from and after the eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing,

there should be raised, levied and paid, for all playing Cards and Dice, which within or during the Term.

raft mentioned should be made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, or imported into the same, the Duties therein mentioned; and that during the like Term there should be paid a certain Duty upon roek salt which should be put on Board any Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, and exported to Ireland, or entered out for such Exportation: And by the Abl last mentioned it was further enacted, That yearly and every9 Ann. C 25.. 4 Year during the Term of thirty-two Years (which commenced from the twenty-ninth Day o{sept.mber one thousand seven hundred and ele.en) the Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise of or for the said weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds out of the Revenues of the General letter office, and by or out of all the Moneys to arise of or for the said Duties on Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, by virtue of the said other Acts, or ither of them, and by the Paid Licences for hackney coaches and Chairs, andg Ann, C n.

by the said particular Duties upon ilampt Vellum, Parchment and aper, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon the Exportation of rock salt for Ireland, granted as aforesaid, or to be made goodbye such Ways 10 Ann. C iq.

and Means as are therein mentioned, should be a yearly Fund for answering and paying ail and every the

principal Sums thereby appointed to be paid, amounting in the whole to two Millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to fuel Persons as should contribute or advance the Sum of two Millions for the Ser vice of the then War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, or to those claiming from or under them in the Manner thereby prescribed. And whereas by certain Clauses contained in an Act of the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, a Power was given to licence an additional Number not exceeding one 10 Ann, C. 9. 4 hundred hackney chairs, which after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing,

should be kept and used for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, reserving upon every such LI 4 cence the like yearly Rent of ten Shillings, payable quarterly, which Rents are thereby added to the said fund for or towards Payment of the Principal and Interest last mentioned. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, it was enabled, That FUA lottery there should be raised and paid for and upon all Sope, which during the Term of thirty-two Years, to 10 alln C XI

reckoned from the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into

von. V P 4 or

jo C 7. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

or made in Great Britain., the respective Duties therein specified; and for and upon all Paper of what 6 Kind soever, and all Pastboards, Mildboards and Scaleboards; and all Baoks, Prints and Maps, which during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into Great Britain, several Duti s therein particularly expressed; for and upon all Paper of what Kind soever, and upon all Pa ft boards, Mildboards and

Scaleboards, which during the Term last mentioned should be made in Great Britain, several Duties

therein also particularly expressed; for and upon all chequered and striped Linens, and upon all Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed in any foreign Parts, which during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should 1 be imported into Great Britain, and might lawfully be used or worn there, a Duty after the Rate of fif teen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof; and for and upon all Silks, Calicoes, Linens and stuff's, which during the Term lass mentioned should be printed, stained,

painted or died in Great Britain (except as therein is excepted) several Duties therein expressed; for the several and respedkve Things therein particularly mentioned, which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be ingrafted, printed or written, the several and respective Duties therein

particularly specified: And it was thereby cnashed, That yearly and every Year, during the Term of; thirty-two Years (which commenced from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve) the full Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, by and out of the 1 Moneys of the several Duties by that Act granted, or to be made good, as is therein mentioned, should'a yearly Fund for or towards answering and paying off all and every the principal Sums therein mentioned, amounting in the whole to two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds, with Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Persons as should contribute or advance the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on the then War, or Second Lottery. 5 to those claiming from or under them in the Manner thereby prescribed. And whereas by an Act made: waan, C 26. 4 and passed in the said tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That there should be 6 raised and paid for and upon such Skins and Hides, and Pieces of Skins and Hides, and for and upon such made Wares, therein described, as during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into Great Britain, the additional Rates or new Duties therein particularly expressed; for and upon si! such Skins and 4' Hides, and Pieces of Skins and Pliies therein described, as during the same Term should be tanned, 4' tawed, or drell ed in Great Britain, the additional Rates or new Duties therein also particularly expressed;

for and upon all Vellum and Parchment, which during the same Term should be made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, such additional Rates or new Duties as are therein specified; for and upon all Starch, which during the same Term should be imported into or made in Great Britain, the respective Duties therein mentioned; and for and upon all Coffee, Tea, and Drugs (except as therein is excepted) which within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the sixteenth Day of June o: e thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into Great Britain, the new duties therein expressed; for and upon all gilt and silver Wire, which during the f erm of thirty two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into or made in Great Britain, the respective Duties therein mentioned; and for and upon eye rv Policy of Assurance, which during the Term of thirty-two Years to be reckoned from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be made or entred.into within the Cities of Lon don and Westminster, or elsewhere within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, an additional Du 4 ty therein expressed: And it was thereby enacted, That yearly and every Year, during the Term of thirty-two Years, which commenced from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, the Sum of one hundred and sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, by and out of the Moneys of the several Duties by that at granted, or to be made good, as is therein mentioned, should be a yearly Fund for or towards answering or paying off all and every the principal Sums therein menti oned, amounting, in the whole to two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and nine ty Pounds, with Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Persons as should contribute or advance the Sum of one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds for her Majesty's Supply,

or to those claiming from or under them, in the Manner thereby prescribed: And whereas by the fevc

ral Acts before recited, it was provided, That if the several Duties by them respectively granted or ap propriated, for raising the several yearly. Funds by them established or intended to be established. 4 at the End of any one Year appear to be deficient for answering the said yearly Funds respectively, that then such Deficiencies should be made good out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, or other wise, as by the same Acts respectively is prescribed: And her said late Majesty by the same Acts respective 4 ly, was authorised to appoint Managers or Directors, who, or some of them were thereby respectively directed to prepare lottery tickets, and to cause the said lottery tickets to be drawn in such several Manners as were thereby appointed, and to transmit into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, Books containing the Names, Surnames, and Places of Abode, of the Persons, which upon such Drawings, should be entitled to such fortunate or beneficial Lots as are therein set down; and that the same Persons, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respcduvely, should have, receive and enjoy, out of the said respective Funds, tfic principal Moneys which should be entered in such Books for them respectively, in Course or Courses, and the Interest thereof by such Payments as in the said Acts are several )y prescribed; and that the other contributors or Adventurers, upon the said several Acts (not

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 7. 107

having fortunate Lots) their Executor Administrators and Assigns, respectively should have, receive and enjoy, out of the said respective Funds, such principal Moneys, in Course or Courses, and such In

as in and by the said lottery acts respectively were prescribed for them severally to have, receive and enjoy; and by the same Adds it was severally directed, That the said Tickets should be exchanged for (landing Orders, and that such Orders should be registered, and be assignable; that during the several Terms therein mentioned, (unless the Principal and Interest directed to be paid by the said several Acts, should be sooner paid off) tile said Duties should be severally applied for answering the said Princi pai and Interest, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And in the several Acts for the said Lotteries are contained several Provisoes or Clauses, importing, that ifbefore the End of the respective Terms of thirty —

two Years therein mentioned, all the Principal and Interest Moneys payable by virtue of the same Acts respectively, should be fully paid and discharged, or sufficient Money should be reserved in the Exchequer for Payment thereof, that then and in such Case, and from thenceforth the Duties by the same Acts respectively granted or charged therewith, should cease, or he disposeable by Authority of Parliament,

and not otherwise, as by the said several Acts, Relation being thereunto severally had, doth and may

irorc fully and at large appear. And whereas the said several Sums of one Million five hundred thousand

two Millions, one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one Million eight hundred

thousand Pounds, were advanced for the public Service, upon the several Acts before mentioned, and the Tickets thereby directed were made forth and drawn, and Books were transmitted, or are to be transmitted into the Exchequer by the said Managers or Directors, or by some other Persons appointed there unto, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and the said several Sums of one Million nine hundred twenty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy Pounds, two Millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds, two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds, and two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds, became payable as principal Moneys, with Interest, after the said Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Contributors or Adventurers, or to Claimants from or under them, according to their several

therein, and Handing Orders have been or are to be made forth for the same. And whereas fevc ral Sums amounting to one Million six hundred sixty six thousand and seventy Pounds, or thereabouts, t (Part of the said principal Sum of one Million nine hundred twenty-eight thousand five hundred and ft venty Pounds) and two Millions fire hundred twenty-five thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, or £ thereabouts, (Part of the said principal Sum of two Millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds) and two Millions two hundred fifty-eight thousand five hundred and twenty Pounds, or there about, (Part of the said principal Sum of two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds) and two Millions three hundred and twelve thousand and sixty five Pounds, or there about, (Part of the said principal Sum of two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds) do upon the fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixte, n, remain unsatisfied; which principal Sums so remaining unsatisfied, do amount in the whole to eight Millions seven hundred sixty two thousand six hundred twenty-five Pounds, or thereabouts, carrying Interest after the said Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth T ear of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, it was (amongst other Things) provided and enacted, That in lieu and discharge of certain perpetual annual Payments, Annuities on * and of all Arrears thereof, granted by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents out

of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, in Satisfaction of certain principal Sums mentioned in the said Let c5'A'

"ters Patents to ue then due from his said late Majesty, to the respective Patentees therein named, the said

hereditary Revenue of Excise should, from and after the twenty sixth Day of December' one thousand seven hundred and five, be and (land charged and chargeable for ever with the Payment of annual Sums

after ti e Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the principal Sums mentioned in the said '. respective Letters Patents, to be issued and paid out of the said Revenue by quarterly Payments out of the Receipt of the Exchequer by the Officers of the same, unto the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said annual Sums, and to their Heirs and Assigns for ever, without any Fee or Charge; the said annual. Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds percent tan per Annum, to be subject nevertheless to be redeemed upon Payment of, a Moiety of the principal Sums mentioned in the said respective Letters Patents: Apd by or in pursuance of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty 2 & 3 Ann. C 3. ' Queen Anne the respective Proprietors have or ought to have (landing Orders for Payment of the Annui ties last mentioned, quarterly, until the same shall be redeemed, as aforesaid, free from all Taxes and Impositions whatsoever. And whereas the whole of all the Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patents,

did amount to one Million three hundred twenty-eight thousand five hundred twenty six Pounds, and the 'moiety thereof, for which the said annual Sums are redeemable, doth amount to six hundred sixty four 1, thousand two hundred sixty three Pounds, and the said annual Sums, after the Prnte of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, wherewith the said hereditary Revenue is now charged, or liable to be charged, till '. such Redemption, doth amount to thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings seven Renee, and one Fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, (which is equal to a Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the said Sum of six hundred sixty four thousand two hundred sixty three Pounds.)

And whereas.since tyre making of the several Acts herein above recited, the common Rate of Interest for Money is very much lessened, so that it is become just and reasonable for the public to have and enjoy

as well the Benefit of redeeming the said several Duties and Revenues charged Or chargeable with the

laid Lottery Orders so remaining unsatisfied, as also the Benefit of redeeming the said annual Sums how

Pa 6 payable

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Duties, &c. granted for miking good the Jseveral lot tery Funis, &c. continued, C Geo. 1. c. 5.

with like Rowers to grant Licences, and to do otherthings Tor raigng the ikid Revenues -}

But subbject to Redemption.

9 Geo. i. C 5.

payable out of the hereditary Excise. And whereas the Proprietors of the said lottery orders, or several of them, are or may be willing and desirous to accept (in lieu and discharge thereof) an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum redeemable hv Parliament, and the Proprietors of the said annual Sums now charged or chargeable upon the said hereditary Excise, or several of them, are or may be also willing and desirous to accept (in lieu and discharge thereof) an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum p r Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and to be computed only upon one Moiety of their respective principal 'Sums (by the Payment of which More ties, their annual Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were formerly made redeemable, as aforesaid: :,) several of the Proprietors of the said lottery orders are or may be will ling and desirous to have their Principal and Interest due thereupon, paid and satisfied to them in ready Money; and several of the Proprietors of the said annual Sums payable out of the hereditary Excise, are or may be also willing and desirous to have the Moiety of the principal Moneys (for which the same are redeemable, as aforesaid) paid and satisfied to them in ready Money and several Persons or Corporations are or may be willing to advance ready Moneys for the Purposes aforesaid, and for other the Purposes this at particularly mentioned, so as they respectively for their Moneys so to be advanced may have such Annuities as are herein after expressed, fie u red to them respectively, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the true Meaning of this aftnow to the End a good, sure and sufficienv Fund and Security may be settled and established for the due, regular, and constant Payment of all the Annuities which shall be payable by or in pursuance of this Act, until such several and respective Redemptions, as aforesaid. We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly pray your Majesty, That it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 'in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all such or the like Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, additional Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Rates and Duties, and all proportional Parts of any Duties, and all Revenues and weekly or other Payments out of any Duties or Revenues which were granted, imposed, appropriated, or directed by the said several recited Acts, and every of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, for such several and' respective Terms of Years as are therein mentioned, for or towards the answering, paying, securing, or making good the said several and respective Funds of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds per Annum, one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds per Annum, and one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds per Annum, or for or towards Payment of the Principal and Interest Moneys on the said lottery orders, and for or towards answering or paying the said annual Sums amounting to thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings seven Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny per Airman, (except as in the said several Acts or any of them is excepted, and except such of the said Duties or Revenues as are since taken away by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) shall continue and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in this Act prescribed and directed; that such of the hereditary Duties mentioned in the said former Acts of Parliament, or any of them, as during, the respective Terms of Years therein exp reified were appropriated or directed to be applied, for or towards the Payment of the said yearly Funds, orjiurns, or any of them, shall also continue and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in this Act prescribed and directed; that all and every the Powers, which, in and by the said former Acts, or any of them, were veiled, or intended to be vested in her said late Majesty, or such Commissioners or others, as file should appoint, for granting Licences, or doing any other Matters or Things in order to raise any the Duties or Revenues hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, shall be and are, by Force and Virtue of this Act, revived and vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his and their Commissioners, in the same Manner, for raising the same Duties or Revenues respectively for the Purposes in and by this Act prescribed and directed; that all other Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Clauses, Matt rs, and Things whatsoever, contained in the said former Acts of Parliament, and every or any of them, now being in Force, for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, and additional Rates', and Duties, and proportional Parts of Duties, and the said Revenues, and weekly or other Payments out of any Duties or Revenues granted, imposed, appropriated or directed for such several and respective Terms of Years, as aforesaid (except as is before excepted) shall be revived, and be for ever continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the said Customs, Subsidies, impositions. Rates and Duties, additional Rates and Duties, proportional Parts, and the said weekly and other Payments out of any Duties or Revenues by this Act intended to be continued and made perpetual, for the Purposes in and by this Act prescribed and directed, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, disabilities, Clauses, Matters and Things, were at large repeated and particularly re enacted in the Body of this present Act; the said former Acts, or any of them, or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties, proportional Parts, weekly and other Payments, and every of them, by this Act intended to be continued and made perpetual, as aforesaid, shall be subject to such Provisoes and Powers of Redemption as are. hereafter in and by this Act contained and prescribed of and concerning the same.

11.

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 7. 109

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising of or for the said Cu All the Moneys stoms, Subsidies., Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties, proportional Parts, weekly and other Pay p be brought ments, hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, subject to such Redemption as aforesaid, (except

the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering and account ing for the Anne) shall, from Time to Time, he brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Uses and Purposes in this Act prescribed; and shall, from Time to Time, be fairly and distinctly ontred and rc giflrcd in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells, severally for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, shall have free Aceefs, without Fee or Charge.

III. And it is hereby also enacted, That all the Moneys, which, from and after the twenty-ninth Day1'!* m0"'" of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, shall be brought into the Exchequer, or shall be a, cr 29 then remaining the re, of or for the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Du ap rp/naj j reties, proportional Parts, weekly and other Payments, by this and the said former Acts, or any of them, lament of granted or continued, as aforesaid, (except the necessary Charges of isuing and applying the said Moneys Annuities py to the same Uses and Purposes, and rendering the Accounts thereof) shall be and are hereby appropriated, blt", 'i and shall be issued and applied to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Annuities as shall be pay "1

able by virtue of this Act, and making such other Payments as are hereby directed, in their due Order, Method and Form, and with such Preferences, and subject to such Redemptions, as are in and by this Act prescribed of and concerning the same respectively, and without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded of or paid by the respective Persons or Corporations, who are to receive the said Moneys; and that the respective Officers of the Exchequer, who shall make any Delay in issuing or paying the same, or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any of the said Moneys, contrary to this Act, for any such Offence shall be forejudged from their respective Offices or Places, and be rend red incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office or Employment of Trust or Profit whatsoever, and shall also be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums of Money so delayed, diverted, or misapplied, to the Party grieved, to be recovered by an Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any his Majesty's Courts of Record at lvejlminfln\ wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted and allowed.

IV. And whereas the said yearly Sums of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds,

o., C hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, and thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty-five pounds fifteen Shillings seven Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny, adding thereunto the above mention ed Surplus or Remainder of the Duties granted by the Act of the ninth Year of her late majesty's Reign9 Ann. C s,

first above recited (which Surplus or Remainder was thereby also made applicable towards discharging the principal Moneys payable by virtue of that Act, and Cammimibus Annie hath amounted to twenty seven thousand three hundred and seventeen Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence per Annum) do amount in the whole to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny per Annum: ' Now it is hereby further enacted by the Authority 724.^49b 6 ' aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin from the I'east of St. Michael the lojg '5th A arch angel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and from thenceforth for fue"jra" ever (subject nevertheless to such Prpvifoes and Powers of Redemption as are hereafter in this Act con drained say tained) the full Sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six shil jgec. 1. C lings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny, by or out of the Moneys arising of or for the said Cu Sc? 5 Gec'3* stoms, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties, proportional Parts, weekly and othercl s' Payments by this Act appropriated and directed to be brought, from Time to Time into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the same shall extend to the said Sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, shall be computed and reckoned to be a general yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys so arising into the ex chequer of or for the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties, proportional

Parts, weekly and other Payments, shall not amount to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hun. forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same will extend, shall be Part of the said general yearly Fund of seven hun. twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for and towards the answering and paying all the Annuities and Payments by this.

Act. charged or chargeable thereupon; and in case all the Moneys by this Act appointed or appropriated, Deficiencies as aforesaid, shall at any time or times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that shall be made within any one Year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys so arising in the Exchequer of or for allsoodout ot ttls the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties, proportional Parts, weekly ^jb Apd '1pjirit"' and other Payments, shall not amount to so much as seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred ment, U J forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny, that then, and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said general Fund or Sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny, for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, by and out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear, and Dial!, from Time to Time be transferred there, unto, as soon as. the same shall be granted,

V

no

Managers and pirc&ors to pre pare Books for Subscriptions, C

Treasury to dire £1 the Subscriptions.

The Books to lie open at seasonable Hours.

Persons. willing to accept Annuities of 5.). per fccnt,

and those who dcfne ready Money, may make their Subscriptions accordingly.

Executor?, '&c. may subscribe for those for whom they are tntrufted.

jmanagers to deliver the sub feription books into the Exchequer by the last of October .1717.

and a Duplicate to the Cashier

C 7. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

V. And it is hereby further elected by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High t'reasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, and thfey respectively are hereby authorised and required, by Writing under their respective Hands, to constitute and appoint such able and fit Persons, and such or so many of them, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the salt] Pligh Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from time to Time, think sir, to be Managers or Directors, for preparing Books, and for overseeing the Subscriptions to be taken therein, and for doing and performing such other Matters and things as are by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that the Managers or Directors so to be constituted, shall, according to such Directions as they shall receive in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or from the said High Treasurer for the Time being, prepare Books, and open the same at same convenient public Office or Offices (Whereof Notice shall be given by Writing, to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and also to be inserted in the London Gazette, so that none may pretend Ignorance) for taking such Subscriptions as are to be taken therein, pursuant to this Act, within the Time hereby limited in that Behalf.

VI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, shall or may cause the said Books to be opened for receiving the Subscriptions relating to all the said yearly Funds of one hundred thirty-five fboufand Pounds, one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, and thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings seven Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, or such or so many of them at a Time, as they the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, final! find to be moil conducive to the public Service.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Books, after the opening thereof, shall constantly lie open at all seasonable Hours; and the respective Proprietors of the said Lottery Orders, and of the said annual Sums payable out of the said hereditary Excise, or such Person or Persons as are or shall be empowered to subscribe for them, or any of them, shall have free Access thereunto, and have Liberty to make their respective Subscriptions therein, according to this A CL without any Fee or Charge whatsoever; and that the said Managers or Directors, or such or so many of them as shall be thereunto constituted as aforesaid, final! constantly attend and oversee the making of the said Subscriptions, until the twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, unless the Subscriptions for all the said Lottery Orders, and the said annual Sums charged on the hereditary Excise, be. sooner completed.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons or Corporations, being Proprietors of such Lottery Orders made forth, or to be made forth, as aforesaid, or any of them, who are or shall be willing and desirous to accept (in Lieu and Discharge thereof) an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Gentum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and such Persons or Corporations, being Proprietors of the said annual Burris charged Or chargeable on the hereditary Excise, or any of them, who are or shall be willing and desirous to accept (in Lieu and Discharge thereof) an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annism, to be redeemable by Parliament, and to be computed only upon one Moiety of their respective principal Sums (by Payment of which Moieties their annual payments of three Pounds per Centum per Annum were formerly made redeemable, as aforesaid) shall or may, by therri selves respectively, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively have authorised or shall authorise, by 'Writing in this Behalf, declare and signify such his, her, or their Desire or Option under a proper Preface in the Book or Books to be opened for that Purpose, as aforesaid, by subscribing their Names and Places of Abode, with other proper Additions, within the Time before mentioned: And that such Persons or Corporations, being Proprietors of such Lottery Orders made forth, or to be made forth, as aforesaid, or 'any of them, who are or shall be desirous to have their Principal and Interest grown due to be paid to them in ready Money, and such Persons or Corporations being Proprietors of the said annual Sums charged or chargeable on the hereditary Excise, or any of them, who are or shall be desirous to have the said Moiety of the said principal Sums (for which they are redeemable, as aforesaid) paid to them in ready Money, shall or may also by themselves respectively, or by such Person or Persons ns they respectively have authorised or shall authorise, by Whiting in this Behalf, declare and signify such his, her, or their Desire or Option under a proper Preface in the said Book or Bocks to be opened for that Purpose, by subscribing their Names and Places of Abode with other' proper Additions, 'within the Time herein before limited.

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, shall and may make, or cause to be made, Subscriptions in the said'bo'oks, either to have Annuities or ready Money, as aforesaid, for and on the Behalf of their respective Testators, Intefth tcs, or of Infants, Minors, Femes Covert, or others, for whom they are or shall be respectively imriffled, and are and shall be by virtue of this Act indemnified in and for doing the same.

X. And it.is hereby also enacted by the Authority "aforesaid, That the said Managers or Directors shall, on or before the last Day of oaobor one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, deliver or cause to "be delivered the said Book or Books which shall be opened, as afore fat'd, With all the Subscriptions therein, (such Book or Books being firfc attested under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the said Managers or Directors) to the Auditor of the.receipt of the Exchequer, to remain in his Office for ever; and shall also, on or before fine lift Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, deliver or cause to be delivered one Duplicate '(attested as aforesaid) of so 'rtilich of "the said Book or Books as shall contain the Subscriptions of those who shall choose the said Annuities of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C. 7- 111

the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and a like Duplicate to their °liic ban'i/cc Accountant General; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or^tl?°^7to"17 the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven to

hundred and seventeen, cause th;

i: ers) to the said: C

: proper Officers to transmit Lists (atieltod ly furl Offi: chief Cashier and Accountant General of the Bank of England respectively, of;, 1i such of the lij Lot - '< rich f the tery Orders, and of all Inch of the said annual Sums charged or chargeable on the Excise, for which 'fur.1, 1, 1 no such Subscriptions shall be made, as aforesaid, within The Time before linfited; and that the said '. "

several Duplicates and Lists shall remain in the respective Offices of the chief fhier and accountant i General of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, for their better Guidance in making the Payments and Accounts, of and for the same Annuities.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accoun ant General for the Accountant o

Titne being shall, upon reasonable Demand, deliver gratis to every Proprietor of the said Lottery Orders, t.cu! t.iauiv. r or any of them, and of the said annual Payments charged on the hereditary Excise, or any of them, "j < "'rv tjioj>ri' being comprehended or specified in the sail Duplicates or Lists by this Act required to be trail I'mitted J

into his Office as aforesaid, or to the reflective Assigns of such Proprietors, a Certificate thereof, to be' grounded on the said Duplicates and Lifts, or some of them, so as the Lottery Order or the Order

charged on the Excise (specified in such Duplicates or Lists) he at the finte Time delivered up to the iuaj such orihs said Accountant General to be cancelled and made void; nevertheless all the said Lottery Orders so, JC dcu ered up cancelled shall be preferred by the said Accountant General; and that any Person or Persons may have to l>'ca "'; elll'1' recourse to the same without Fee or Reward; and the same, or attelfed Copies thereof, may be given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Proprietors of the proper, ers to said Lottery Orders, or any of them, and of the Lid Annuities charged or chargeable on the Excise, or have Annuities any of them, by or from whom such Subscriptions shall be made within the Time herein before limited, of 51. percent, signifying his, her or their Option or Willingness to accept such Annuities in lieu thereof; and all and in lieu of the r every other the Proprietor and Proprietors of the said Lottery Orders charged on the yearly Funds before l_(uerj Orders, mentioned, or any of them, and all and every the Proprietors of the said annual Sums chargeable on the hereditary Excise, or any of them, and the Executors, Administrators, Succefi ors and Assigns of all and every the said proprietors respectively, (such Proprietors of the said Lottery Orders and annual Sums of throe Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any of them, who, by such Subscriptions as aforesaid to be made within the Time before limited, shall choose to be paid in ready Money, only and always excepted and foreprized) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and

enjoy an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of lawful Money of Great Britain, in Lieu and Discharge of such their several and respective Lottery Orders and annual Payments, charged or chargeable as aforesaid; which Annuities, after the Rate of live Pounds per Centum per Annum, ftiail be computed upon the said.lottery Orders, for lb much as shall be due and unpaid for Principal or Interest at and until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and seventeen inclusively, and shall be computed upon the said Orders charged or chargeable on the hereditary Excise for so much as the said.

Moieties, of the said principal Sums for which they were made redeemable) and the Arrears of the said annual Sums of three Pounds per Centum per Annum (if any such Arrears be) shall, at and until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, amount unto; and that all the said Annuities, after chn geawe on > the rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be andre hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and the General payable out of the Moneys of the said general Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred Funt1> 'forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, by this Act efta aryan hlifned, or intended to be established as aforesaid, 'by quarterly Payments, at the four most usual Feasts in deemed Year, that is to say, the Feasts of the Birth of our lordohri'ft, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin By 4 Geo. 1. Maty, the Nativity of Saint John Baptist and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, cio X or within six Days after every of the said feast days, for ever, or until Redemption or Redemptions thereofthsle an?j'm3' shall be made according to the Provisoes herein after contained in that Behalf. yearly'" '0 e*

XIII. And whereas it may happen that some of the said Subscribers for Annuities, at the Time olv| of r _ J making their Subscriptions, may have Arrears of the said Interest, after the pate of six Pounds per Centum e(jcom" "per Annum, due to them upon Computations to be made until and for the Quarter endingnt the Feast ofputed till 24.

the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and seventeen inclusively, 'It is hereby June i7'7- provided, declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Arrears of Interest, to be computed until and for the Quarter to end at the said Feast: of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, (although some of them are payable a: other feast days) shall be paid and Satisfied out of the Moneys of the said yearly Funds, or any of them, arisen or to arise at any Time before 'Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, without being converted into an Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid.

XIV. And whereas the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the Sauth So much of the Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fifinery, are obliged, in and by an Act of this 2, 000,000l.

6 Session of Parliament, to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer such Sum and 'hich ihesouth - Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two Millions, at such Times and by such Proportions at a Time, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High o, a aauaiiv be Treasurer for the Time being, shall call for, in the Manner therein mentioned, on or before the twenty called for, shall fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen Now it is hereby enacted and debe applied todif

claredchar8*: hc Lot'

Anno tertio Georgii Regis,

A.D. 1716.

11 2 C 7.

tery Oner?, C clared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two Millions, or so much thereof as shall be called 3 Geo. j. C 9. forj ancj be actually advanced and paid by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in pursuance of that Act, shall, by the said Commissioners of ilie Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, be issued and applied for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after limited and appointed of or concerning the tame; that is to say, for or towards the paying off and discharging the principal Moneys charged or chargeable on the said Lottery Funds, every or any of them, and the interest payable for the same, until the Payment of the said Principal to the respective Proprietors thereof, who shall choose to be paid in ready Money as aforesaid; for or towards the paying off and discharging the said Moiety of the said principal Sums (upon Payment whereof the said Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were formerly made redeemable as aforesaid) and all Arrears which shall or may be due for or upon the said yearly Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, computing the same by the Day until the said Moieties respectively shall be.so paid off unto the respective Proprietor thereof, who shall also choose to be paid in ready Money as aforesaid: for or towards some of the said Uses and Purposes which hail require Payment in ready Money as aforesaid; and to and for none other ^nteilt or Purpose whatsoever: And that the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great pe^ct naoi the Britain, and their Successors, for all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be called for; and by them to be actually advanced at the Exchequer, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled to have, receive and enjoy such Annuity and Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, out of such Duties and Revenues, or by such other Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as in and by the said other AI of this Session of Parliament are settled and prescribed for securing and paying the same.

XV. And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are obliged, in and by another Act of this Session of Parliament, to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two Millions 'and five hundred thousand Pounds, at such Times and by such Proportions at a Time, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more, of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall call for, in the Manner therein mentioned, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen Now.' it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of fh vd orjerftwo Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be called for, and shall be actually advanced and paid, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in pursuance of that at, shall, by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, be issued, applied and disposed for or towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Moneys charged or chargeable on the said lottery funds, every or any of them, and the said Interest payable for the same, until Payment of the Principal to the respective Proprietors thereof, who shall choose to be paid in ready Money as aforesaid; and for or towards paying off' and discharging the said Moieties of the said principal Sums, upon Payment whereof the said Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, are redeemable as aforesaid, and all Arrears which shall or may be due for or upon the said yearly Sums of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the said Moieties rel'p'dlively shall be paid off' unto the said Proprietors thereof, who shall also choose to be paid in ready Money as aforesaid; and for or towards the satisfying and paying off' such particular Debts and Deficiencies as are hereafter in 'and by this Act intended to be provided for, or some of them, and to none other Use, Intent or purpose whatsoever.

XVI. And whereas it cannot certainly be known at the making of this Act, how much Money wall be wanted to satisfy such proprietors.as shall choose to be paid in ready Money as aforesaid, or those claim ing under them; and it may be necessary so raise Moneys (over and above what shall have been advanced by the said Companies, or either of them, upon such Calls as aforesaid) to satisfy and pay off" all the said Proprietors, who shall choose to be paid in ready Money as aforesaid, or the Claimants under them respectively, whereby a speedy End may be put to the high Rates of Interest and other Allowances where unto they are at present entitled Now to the end the Service of the Public, in relation to the premises, may in no Event Whatsoever, be frustrated, aifappointed or prejudiced, It is hereby further enacted by the

per

lame,

3 Oe, o. 1. C S. So much or the Sum of 500, 000 t.; idva need by the brn!c, a? shall actually he called for, shall be ap

or the Lottery F unds, he.

If it be necessary to files, above

Mifr Mo Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or love what igh Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall find it necessary to raise Moneys (over and

sewanced by the afo0ve what shall have been advanced by the said Companies, or either of them, upon such Calls as afore, cmpames, said) to pay off and discharge all the said Proprietors of the said Lottery Orders, and of the said Orders

charged on the hereditary Excise, who at any Time or Times, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, shall appear to have made Subscriptions for ready

00 'gkaf fhr»n if shall onrl mnv Kf* lawful fn suit! fr»r tlir* fbirl ( nmmwtinncrc of thr*

Treat any'

19 Si' take 1

"GY per the Receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving or taking into the said Receipt of Exchequer such Sum and Cent, J Sums of Money, as any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, will advance

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. G. 7. 115

and pay there for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities at a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid out of the said general Kuna' by this at established, and to be redeemable by Parliament according to this at; and the said Commissioners of the treasury or High Treasurer and under^nj apply tin Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and apply, oroffnthe°l.o'u«"5 cause to be issued and applied, all the Moneys lo to be advanced for or towards paying off the Principal Orders, C and Interest upon the said Lottery Orders, or any of them, and for or towards the paying off the said Moieties and Arrearages of the said annual Payments of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, charged or chargeable on the hereditary Excise as aforesaid, and to and for none other Use, Intent or purpol'c whatsoever.

XVII. Provided always, That all the Moneys so to be advanced for purchasing such Annuities, not ex not toemed ceeding the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, together with the Moneys which shall! have^e

been advanced by the said Companies, or either of them, for or towards paying off the said Lottery Orders, 0"'r and the said Moneys charged or chargeable on the hereditary Excise, do not in the whole exceed the Sum total, which shall be payable to such Subscribers for ready Money as aforesaid, or those claiming from or under them, according to the true Meaning of this al.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Principal and Where Lottery. Interest payable on the said Lottery Orders, or any of them, or the said Moieties of the said principal sunis^j's(

for which the said annual Payments are charged on the hereditary Excise, or any of them, with the arrear g; c3!n' "ages of the same annual Payments respectively, shall be converted into Annuities, or be paid oft' in readypaid off in ready Money, pursuant to this at, the Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, additional and other Duties, propor Money, thedu tional Parts, weekly and other Payments, formerly charged therewith as aforesaid, shall be and are herebyt, es shall be liable freed, exonerated and discharged of, from and against the same, and shall be liable for or towards making good the said general yearly Fund by this Act intended to be established as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas the Sum of sixty one thousand seven hundred and seven Pounds three Shillings and twopence, or thereabouts, of principal Moneys, remains unsatisfied upon the Register of Loans founded on the Act of Parliament for Duties on Low Wines, and other Things therein mentioned,

which expired on or about the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, 3 ann 4carrying Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum Now in order to put an End to the same high Interest, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may betrea, "ul7 ma lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three, or more of them, and to and fors^/^r, _^7nji the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, to issue their respective Warrant or Warrants^, ^i.'per' to the proper Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said Receipt such cent. to pay of further Sum and Sums of Money, as any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic 0^17071. 3 s. 31, Corporate, will advance and pay for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities at a Rate not exceeding fiveon.lhe Lcuv Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid out of the said general Fund by this at established, and to beg q "'j C redeemable by Parliament according to this Act; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High'

Treasurer and the Under treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and apply, or cause to be issued and applied, all the Moneys so to be advanced, for of towards paying off the unsatisfied Principal and Interest upon the said Register of Loans founded on the Act last mentioned, taking care that all the Moneys so to be advanced, for the Purpose last mentioned, do not exceed the Sum of the Principal and Interest which doth or shall remain due on the said Register.

XX. And whereas the Sum of three hundred and fourteen thousand two hundred and nineteen Pounds And 3»4»-t9 4 eleven Shillings and twopence Farthing, or thereabouts, of principal Moneys remains unsatisfied upon % \s'

the Register of Loans founded on the Act of Parliament for Duties on Candles, which expired on organs gt about the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, carrying Interest at the like Rate ofg Geo. t. C

six Pounds per Centum per Annum: 'Now in order to put an end also to the same high Interest, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said commissioner of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, and to and for the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, to issue their respective Warrant or Warrants to the proper Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said Receipt such further Sum and Sums of Money, as any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, will advance and pay for the purchasing an Annuity or Annuities at a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid out of the said general Fund by this Act established, or intended to be established, and to be likewise redeemable by Parliament according to this Act, and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer and the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and apply, or cause to be issued and applied, all the Moneys so to be advanced, for or towards paying off the unsatisfied Principal and Interest upon the said Register of Loans founded on the said candle act, taking care that all the Moneys so to be advanced for the Purpose last mentioned, do not exceed the Sum of the Principal and Interest which doth or shall remain due on the same Register.

XXI. And whereas the Sum of five hundred seventy seven thousand and fourteen Pounds sixteenand 577.014b 4 Shillings one Penny Farthing is deficient or wanting to make good the public Supplies granted tol6s'

his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, (of which the Sum of three hundred thirty-four thousand

two hundred thirty-nine Pounds nine Shillings one Penny three f'arthings is to be applied towards make good the discharging the Debt of the Navy, as it flood on the one and thirtieth Day of December one thou public Supplies land seven hundred and sixteen: ') Now for the better preserving the public Credit, and ceasing such e1 stead the raft Interest as is now payable for any Part of the said Sum so deficient, It is hereby further enacted by thej ".of Par

voli Q Authority gco.'i. C 4.

I I A.

C

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, to issue their respective Warrant or Warrants to the proper Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said Receipt such further sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred seventy seven thousand fourteen Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Penny Farthing, as any Person or Persons, Na

be redeemable by Parliament according to this Add; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High

And i' 'C5 1.

my f arthing,

and Service of the Public in the said Office of the Navy, and such other public Offices, as are deficient

ids eighteen

of their Supplies which were granted or intended to be granted in the last Session of Parliament. '

XXII. And whereas the Sum of twenty-four thousand one hundred and ninety five Pound

ninety

Ss. z C for the < Shillings and twopence rests unsatisfied upon several Bills of Exchange drawn for the Service of the late

Expedition to Canada,

5 Expedition to canadab full.

it fu

ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law

ul to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the proper Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said Receipt such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-four thousand one hundred ninety five Pounds eighteen Shillings and twopence, as any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, will advance and pay for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities, after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum, per Annum; which Annuity or Annuities shall all'o be paid out of the said general Fund by this at established or intended to be established, and shall likewil'e be redeemable by Parliament according to this Add; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue or cause to be issued all the said Moneys, not exceeding twenty-four thousand one hundred ninety five Pounds eighteen Shillings and twopence, so to be advanced, byway of Imprest and upon Account, for satisfying the said Bills of Exchange; and the proper r Officers in the respective Offices for paying the same Bills are hereby enjoined and required to take especial

Care that the Drawers of the said Bills be duly charged with the Moneys for which they were drawn, or such of the said Moneys as are not or shall not be duly accounted for, before such Payment of the faief Bill _'_

fowi as ready

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as soon as ready Money shall be advanced, suffi monejr is adwn enf t 'payu&ff 'ail or any the principal Sums, or the Moieties of the principal Sums by this al intended pitncia' L C to with the Interest or Arrears of the Annuity attending the same respectively, public No,

publick notice tice thereof shall be given by Writing, to be openly setup at the Exchequer, and advertised in the to be given, anti London Gazette; and the ready Money lb advanced shall be reserved and kept in Bank at the Exchequer for Internt to cease. the Persons or Corporations entitled thereunto; hut from the Time of such Notice given the said interest, after the Rate of six Pound's per Centum per Annum, and the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, of such Persons and Corporations respectively, shall cease and determine.

XXIV. And be itforth r enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who in pursuance of this Act shall advance and pay into the Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money, for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities at such respective Rates, as aforesaid, 'shall upon his, her or their advancing and paying the same, have and receive, from the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, a Tally or Tallies of Sol' for the Money' so advanced or paid; and that all and every such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Executors, Administrators, 'Successors and Assigns respectively, for every Sum so advanced and paid, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by this A'dt to have, receive and enjoy, an Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate to be specified - in the said respective Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, so as the same do not exceed the respective Rate or Rates by this Act prescribed; - and ill such respective Warrant or Warrants to be exprest'ed, as aforesaid, out of the muities how Moneys of the said General Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds be paid, six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, by this Act established or intended: to be established, as aforesaid; and that such Annuity and Annuities for such Moneys so to be advanced, shall be paid and payable to the respective Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, in Manner following; that is to say, The first Payment, or Payments of such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased shall be computed by the Day, and satisfied from the Day or respective Days on which the Moneys so to be advanced, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be advanced and paid into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, until the quarterly feast day, or respective quarterly feast days then next ensuing; and from thenceforth the same Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased shall be paid and payable at t hc four moil usual Eeafts or Days of Payment in the Year, aforementioned, by even and equal Portions, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf.

Tbc Account

XXV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office, of the Accountant 3"1 general of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, there shall be provided.

Icct bocks°cf and kept a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all and every Person and Persons.

Purchasars of Annuities to have Tallies of Soil, C

Annuitii to

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. G. 7. 115

Corporation and Corporations whatsoever, who shall be entitled to the said Annuities after the Rate of fiver ne a r. iitic, Pounds per Centum per Annum, in Lieu and Discharge of any such Lottery Orders and annual Payments out of the Excise, as aforesaid; and the Names of all such Persons and Corporations, who upon produ bvmadlt.jrc. 1 cing to the said Comptroller the said Tallies of sof respectively, shall appear to be entitled to the said An act o'co. V

miitics to be purchased at the several Rates aforesaid, for Moneys to be by them advanced and paid into ihe C <, 13.

Exchequer, pursuant to this Act; and the several and respective Annuities whereunto the aforesaid Persons and Corporations respectively shall be so entitled; to which Book it shall be lawful for till Persons concerned, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Times, to have free Access, and to inspect the same, without Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant general for the Time being shall, on or before the five and twen m.d. transmit a tieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, transmit an attested Duplicate or^: r1kate, nto; 'Duplicates fairly written on Paper, of the Book or Books laid mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor j t r of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Proprietors, who are Annuities a fuc to have, receive and enjoy the said several Annuities pursuant to this Act, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall have good and sure Estates and Intcrelds therein

for ever, subject to the Provisoes or Conditions of Redemption in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same, and to no former Provisoes or Power of Redemption whatsoever.

XXVII. And. it is hereby enacted, That as well the said Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Annuities fret Centum per Annum, payable in Lieu and Discharge of the said Lottery Orders, and of the said annual Sums from formerly charged upon the Excise, as also the said Annuities to be purchased on this Add at the several

Rates aforesaidi, for Moneys to be advanced at the Exchequer, as aforesaid, and all and every the principal Sums for which the said several Annuities are to be payable, or whereupon they shall be computed, pursuant to this Act, and every of them, shall he free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

XXVIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Bank to employ Company of the Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament according to this Act, appoint and employ one sufficient Person within their Office in the City acccun^nt

of London, to be their Chief or first Cashier, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be general, their Accountant General; and that so much of the Moneys of the said general yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the Sums which shall grow due, from Time to Tim?, for or upon all the said several and respective Annuities by this Add appointed or intended to be paid by the said Cashier of the Bank for the Time being, shall by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer, and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, be from Time to Time, quarterly, as aforesaid, ifidied and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said field or chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of thet' "'r Office. Bank of England, and of their Successors for the Time being, by way of Impress and upon Account, for the Payment of the same Annuities at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act pre feribed in that Behalf, with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon,

the said General Fund, or upon the said duties or Revenues liable to make good the same, until the Redemption of the said Annuities according to this Act; and that all and every such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be, issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the lame accordingly, and render his Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And it is hereby also enacted,

That the said Accountant General for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, inspedd and examine all

the said Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to

prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every the lcrfons and Corporations whatsoever, th"lje Annuities

who shall be entitled to any of the same Annuities so to be payable by the Cashier of the Bank of Eng

and for the time being, pursuant to this Add, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them shall be

possessed thereof as a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be Attachment.

liable to any foreign Attachment by the Cullom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Principal Moneys for which The Principal the said several and respective Annuities shall be payable by the said Cashier of the Bank of England for the N n: c5 Time being, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one apital or joint stock, on which the said an ^jjtai's oci nuities shall be attending; and that all Persons and Corporations, in proportion to their respective Annul 1^ties, shall have a Share in such Stock; and that all such Shares shall be assignable, transferable and devise

able, in the same Manner as is prescribed by Act or Acts of Parliament made in the firfd Year of his arguable, Majesty's Reign, touching the Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum therein men. £ccorijins to tioned; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be chargeable on such Transfers; and that the said Go 1 Geo. ' St, n' vernor and Company of the Bank of England, (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their owiino Sumps on Funds or Annuities in pursuance of the Adds for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Transfers. "Corporation, to all Intents and Purposes, relating only to the receiving, paying or accounting for the said 3 c<bt° annuities so payable by their Cashier, till the same shall be redeemed by Parliament according, to this Add; to"'and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Members thereof, shall not n'i, ticsa incur any Disabilty for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of tills Add.

- Q. XXX

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

116 C 7.

No Fees for

XXX. And ic is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever Paying or trans shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying such Mo

J'erring their Annuities on Forfeiture of 201.

Treaflivy may allow Salaries, and necessary

Interest of 4 1, percent, to be paid out of the General Fund

tures of this Jjession,

13 Geo. I. C 3.

Proviso for Redemption of alf the Annuities upon Repayment of the Principal by Parliament.

nies as shall be advanced at the Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any Tallies, or other Matters concerning the same, or for issuing the said general Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, or any Part thereof, or for paying the said several and respective Annuities, or any of them, by the said Cashier for the Time being; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any Sum, great or finall, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon Pain, that any Officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Colls in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of

Changes for cxe the Moneys arising of cr for the said general yearly Fund, as a'foresaid, such Salaries and Allowances as ctting this Act. they shall think reasonable, as well to the said Managers and Directors, as to the said Cashier and Accountant general for the Time being, for their Pains and Service respectively, in Performance of the several Trufis in them reposed by this Act; and to allow ami pay out of the same Money all other Charges for Books, under clerks, or o.her Matters or Things which shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest after the Rate of four. Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable from the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, on the Debentures authorised to be made forth by an Act of this Session of Parliament for

Army Dcben hating and determining Debts due to the Army, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall become due and payable, during the Continuance thereof, be satisfied and paid out of the Moneys of the said general Fund by this Act established or intended to be established, as aforesaid, and shall be impressed, from Time to Time, to the Paymaster of the Forces for that Purpose.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, Upon Notice to be given or left at the public Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the said quarterly feast days for Payment of the said Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal Sums for which the said Annuities shall be payable by the said Cashier of the Bank for the Time being, and whereupon the said respective Annuities are to be computed, as aforesaid, to such respective Persons and Corporations as shall be entitled to the said Annuities, according to such Interest as they respectively shall then have in the said Annuities, and also upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the said Annuities, if any shall be then due, then and not till then, the same Annuities shall cease and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And in regard it is intended. That upon such Notice to be given at any quarterly feast day, all the principal Moneys for which the said Annuities shall be payable, may be satisfied by any Payments,

not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain at a Time, and that as the said principal Moneys shall be paid off, the said Annuities, and the capital Stock for the same, e shall proportionally fink and be abated Be it therefore further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times Notice shall be given or left at any of the said quarterly feast days, by Authority of Parliament, for Redemption of the said Annuities by this Act payable by the Cashier of the Bank, as aforesaid; if Payment after such Notice given be made by Parliament to the respective Persons and Corporations as filial 1 be then entitled to the said Annuities, according to such respective Interests as they shall have in the said Annuities, of any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds to all the Proprietors at a Time) in Part of the respective principal Sums for which the said Annuities shall be payable, as aforesaid; as also if Payment be made of all Arrearages then due to them of the same Annuities, or so much of those Arrearages as shall bear a Proportion to the principal Moneys, from Time to Time, remaining unsatisfied, being computed till the Time of every such Payment of Part of the Principal respectively, then from and after every such Payment so made, so much of the said Annuities as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said Principal, shall cease, determine and be abated; anything in this, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

A Resolutlon of

XXXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or resolution of the House of Commons, signified by their Speaker in Writing, to be delivered at the public Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, filaall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas in and by an Act of this Session of Parliament, for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England', (amongst other Things) it is declared and enabled, That the Excels dr Surplus, which at the End of every or any Quarter of a Year (reckoning the Quarters to end at the four moil usual feast days therein mentioned) shall and may be produced by the several Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes thereby appropriated, or mentioned to be appropri nted as is therein expressed, and shall remain in the Exchequer (over and above the Money then due and demandable for or upon the several Annuities, Allowances, and other Payments by that Act payable,

or any Arrears of the same) shall attend the Disposition of Parliament, and be applied according to Abl

or

Another Proviso for Redemption < Upon Payment < of the Principal by Parcels, not being less than e 500, 6001. at a Time.

the House of Commons, signified by their Speaker, a sufficient Notice. See 15 Geo. I. C 3. I.

5 Geo. 1. C S. % HA.

D. 1716.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

C

117

or at of Parliament, and not otherwise; and in and by another Act of this Session of Parliament, C J C 9*

fr\r rr>t\r*e*rr\innr fhp fnn^l fvip gnu^rnor and fnmnanu of (vtprrhanfq czvptit t^riimn trn liner Fn

1

act or acts of Parliament, anti not otherwise Now it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, The Excess nr That the Excels or Surplus, which at the End of every or any (Quarter of a Year, (reckoning the Quur "f jj')* ters to end at the four moil usual feast days before mentioned) shall and may be produced by the daw ibi" by Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, additional and other Duties, proportional Parts of Duties, and by they, ri, am, m. said weekly and other Payments by this present act appropriated or charged to make good the said general Sec 5 Geo. 1. early Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten C 3- § Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, in and by this Act establishod or intended to be established, as alorc said, over and above so much as shall be sufficient to make good the same, and so much of the same general yearly Fund as at the End of any Quarter of a Year, as aforesaid, shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, over and above all the Moneys then due or payable, to discharge the said several Annuities and other Payments by this act directed to be satisfied out of the same, and all Arrears thereof (if any such be) shall like wise, from Time to Time, attend the Dispofi ion of Parliament, and be applied according to act or Acts of Parliament, and not otherwise.

XXXVII. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to arise. Overplus mo from Time to Time, as well of or for the said Excess or Surplus by virtue of the said Act made fornj ovd for the" redeeming the Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of or for the said discharg°, g (£<.), Excess or Surplus by virtue of the said Act made for redeeming the Funds of the said Governor and National Debts, Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for incurred before encouraging the Fishery, as also of and for the said Excess or Surplus of the said Duties and Revenues, 25 Pfc., 1716, by this Act appropriated, as aforesaid the said Overplus Moneys of the said general yearly Fund tinted bvfuture by this Act citablished or intended to be established, as aforesaid, shall be appropriated, reserved and aas.? U employed, to and for the discharging. the Principal and Interest of such National Debts and Incum See 6 Geo. 1. brances as were incurred before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred C 4* and sixteen, and are declared to be National Debts, and are provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed or appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be discharged therewith or out of the same, and to and for none other Ule, Intent cr Purpose whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And whereas by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the 11 Carc> 4 C Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, and the Boox of Rates thereto annexed, and by other Acts of Parliament since made and now in Force, several Duties are payable to his Majesty, his Fleirs and Successors, for and upon Linleed imported; and it having been found by Experience that those Duties are a Discouragement to the Importation thereof, and that should they be discontinued and taken off, the same would tend to the Service of the Woollen and other Manufactures, and to the Improvement of Tillage in this Kingdom Be it further enable! by the Authority aforesaid, That Einfecd may from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be law fill to and for any Person or Persons to import linfaej. into this Kingdom, without paying to his Ma uty' re" jesty, his Heirs and Successors, any Custom, Subsidy or other Duties for the same j anything in the said act of Tonnage and Poundage, or any other Act or acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas in and by the act of Tonnage and Poundage, and the said Book of Rates, 12 Car' z C 4*

which act has been by several subsequent acts of Parliament continued, and is now in Force, a Duty of sixpence is payable upon the Exportation of every Piece of Linen Cloth of British Manufacture made of Hemp or Flax, fine or coarse, not exceeding forty Else (except british ms.de sail cloth, which by

Law is permitted to be exported duty free:,) And whereas the said Duty is a Discouragement to the said Manufacture which employs many thousands of the Poor of this Kingdom; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hun llncn dred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to export out of this pr" ported Kingdom, to Parts beyond the Seas, all Sorts of Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, y ree' which shall be made of Hemp or Flax, whether fine or coarse, free of all Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; anything in the said act of Tonnage and Poundage, or any other

anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Likewise 17 Geo. 2. c. 30* 18 Geo. z, C 24, 25, 27 36. 21 Geo. 2. c. 26. 24g.0, 2. C 46. 29 Geo. 2. C \

OJ* Concerning Linen see further cb.zi. 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.

XL. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That all Drawbacks, Allowances and Abate All Drawback, ments wanted or enabled to be made by any act or acts of Parliament now in Force, upon or out^i<jp "tconti"eue of any Duties upon any Goods or Merchandizes imported or exported, shall be and continue, and are 1 ", ccats' hereby continued, until the Duties on which such Allowances, Drawbacks or Abatements are granted or enacted to be made, shall respectively cease and determine;

XLI

Clause for Appropriating all themonies gran ted this Session Parliament, 2 Geo. I. C 3.

3 eo. 5, C 4.

Ordinary of the Navy.

q8ice of Ordnance.

k ami forces.

Hehel Prisoners.

C 7. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent to his Majesty at the Receipt of Exchequer, upon Credit of a Vote or Resolution of the Koufe of Commons, made and passed oh or about the fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Public, by Sea or Land, which Loans, with tyre Interest thereof, were appointed to be transferred to the Register upon the Add, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Yean one thousand seven hundred and seventeni, and all other the Moneys lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon that Acts, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made or to be made on that Act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest: thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the Paid Tax shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all Moneys lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon an Add of this Session of Parliament for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the Loans made or to be made on the same at, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the same Duties shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevert neless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided, as aforesaid, there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of nine hundred forty seven thousand five hundred and sixty Pounds five Shillings and threepence, for or towards the naval Services following; that is to say, Lor or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea officers; and for or towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards sea service in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed; and for and towards extraordinary Works and Repairs of his Majesty's Navy, and furnishing such sea llores as are necessary for the same, and other Services of the Navy and Transports, performed and to be performed; and any Sum not exceeding seventy three thousand seventy seven Pounds nine Shillings and threepence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for or towards land forvices performed and to be performed; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one Million two hundred seventy three thousand nine hundred and ten Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other Services herein after expressed; that is to say, For or towards maintaining Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, jcr fey, and Guernsey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in his Majesty's Plantations in America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in Minorca, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for of towards half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, upon account, to the Officers of the land forces, and Marines disbanded, being his Majesty's natural born Subjects, or naturalised; and for or towards the Pay of Invalids, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; for or towards Provisions for the Garrison of Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven jteen; and for or towards completing the Pay of six Battalions of Foot, hired from the Bishop of Minister and Duke of Saxc gotha, to supply the Place of such Troops as, during the late Rebellion, should be drawn from the Garrisons of the states-general of the United Provinces to assist his Majesty, pursuant to the Treaties in that Behalf made with the find Princes; and for or towards making.up the full Pay of the General Officers with their Aids de Camp and Majors of Brigade, during the Time they fer.ed ilinorth briiain, and upon account of extraordinary forage, Provisions, Carriages, and several extraordinary ex p.nces of the Forces in their March from Stirling, and Pursuit of the Rebels into the Highlands, and the neighbouring Islands; for or towards replacing a Sum of ten thousand Pounds issued out of the appropriated Revenues of North brilain, to his Grace the Duke of Argyle, then General and Commander in chief of his Majesty's Forces there, by his Majesty's Warrant dated the eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for or towards the Pay of three independent Companies in North britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the thirty first of March following, with the bounty money upon their disbanding; and for or towards the Pay of one Lieutenant, one Ensign, five noncommissioned Officers and forty private Men, taken to reinforce the Castle of Edinburgh, from the twenty-fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the fifteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, with the bounty money upon their disbanding; and for or towards the Subsistence of the Rebel Prisoners taken at Prcston to the thirty first: Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and for or towards their Subsistence and contingent LX pences for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; for or towards the Subsistence of the three hundred fifty three Rebel Prisoners, subsisted by the Magistrates of Glafgeiv to the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; for or towards half-pay to the Officers of the late Fcgiments of Foot commanded by Brigadier James Douglas and Sir James jvood, late in the Service of the states-general, from the twenty-fifth of April one thousand seven hundred and seventeen to the twenty

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 8. r iy.

fourth of December following; and for answering otfter extraordinary Services relating to his Majesty's.

land forces; and any Sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thous.ind Pounds, for enabling his Ada Tr:, vs VIII jesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes and States, as may prevent any Charge or Apprehcn Foreign Primer, ftons from the Designs of Sweden for the future; and dny Sum not exceeding five thou find five hundred fe lotos by tu venty nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and threepence halfpenny, to make good the loftes and Damages which his Majesty's Subjects fuhained by reason of the tumultuous and rebellious Proceedings in several Counties, which loss.s and Damages are found by Inquisitions taken upon Commissions issued out of his Majesty's Exchequer; and any Sum not exceeding one hundred sixty six thousand five hundred and two pounds five Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, for or towards enabling the Treasurer of the Navy to make good the Payments which in the Year ending at Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, (if any) may be demanded of him, pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament for completing the Funds of six hundred and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the South sen Compa suns of tis ny; and that the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intentsyulh scj or Purpose whatsoever, other than towards the Uses and Purposes aforementioned.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That no Appropriation, or other Mat Proviso for tjv: ter or Thing in this at contained, shall obstruct or hinder any Payment or Payments which, by and in south seicorv. pursuance of an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capi C 'f, \'tnl Stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company; and for Supplying thereby eight hundred twcuty two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence to pitblick Uses; for raising one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities upon diverse Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty, are or shall be required and authorised to be made by the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for the Time being, or by any other Persons to be entrusted with the public Moneys for the Service of the Navy, out of such. public Moneys, Tallies, Orders or Parliamentary Securities in their Hands or Power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable: to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or to their Treasurer for their Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. Provided also, That such Sums as by any other Act of this Session of Parliament shall be payable and for thcconr*. to any Commissioners for taking, examining and dating the Debts due to the Army, for their Salaries, or X'cccw'n's °* for their Clerks or other incident Charges, shall and may be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or atcol' "- any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandflrrhis ch.^r pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption, and for securing to them several new "^dh^fc"i' Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance fur cap. vii.' there Sums not exceeding two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, at five Pounds per Centum, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the national Debts and Encumbrances, and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expenses of his Majesty's civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rata of five Pounds Centum, and for other Purposes in this af mentioned.

'I. trost Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh7ann, C 7. ' J.VII. Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, entitled. An act for enlarging the Capital stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Ten' one thousand seven hundred and nine, the Governor and Company of the Bank of eng i land were obliged, in the Manner therein mentioned, to deliver up to be cancelled certain exchequer bills which had been made forth by a former Act of Parliament in that Behalf, which Bills, with inte jar.n. C 13.

rest thereupon, were computed to amount to seventeen hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings ten Pence halfpenny; to the End the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, might have a competent Recompence and Consideration for so doing, and for all their Demands relating thereto, it was by the said Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, enabled, That from and after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the yann. C ».

Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their s uccessors for ever, should have, receive and enjoy one Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence out of such Duties on Houses as are therein mentioned: But it was thereby provided and enabled, That at any Time Ey 5000. 1. c. ' upon one year's Notice to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their successors, & ugco.i. C

and upon full Payment to them of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twen tarthct i>icv.11'"

*' t seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of all Arrears of the said Annuity Penning the

of one hundred and six thousand five hundred' and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per An Funds, C in"

num (if any fiwll.be then.due); Then, and not till then, the said Annuity of one hundred and six thou this Fa,

land

1 20

7 Ann. C 3.

8 Ann. C I.

12 Ann. flat. i. C 1 I.

Ann. C 7.

7 Ann. C 7 & 8.

8 Ann. C 1.

32 Ann. flat. 1. 11. left. 15.

1 ' Geo. i. stat.2. C 12,

G. 8. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

fancl five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum should cease and determine,

and then also the said Duties on Houses should be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and should not be issued, paid or applied to any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but by Authority of Parliament. And whereas in pursuance of the said A of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, several other Bills, commonly called exchequer bills, were made forth, amounting to two millions five hundred thousand Pounds principal Money; and in pursuance of another Add of the same Year and of certain Clau fes contained in an Add of the eighth Year of her Reign, there were issued several such Bills, amounting to four hundred thousand Pounds more in principal Money; and pursuant to an Add made in the twelfth

Year of her said late majesty's Reign, there were issued such Bills, amounting to twelve hundred thousand Pounds more in principal Money: And it was provided by the said Adds respectively, That all the Bills thereby made forth should bear an Interefd after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem (saving such Interest: as therein is mentioned ,) and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England should have an Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for circulating the said Bills, abating the said Allowance proportionally as the Bills should be cancelled: And by an Add made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to exchange for ready Money upon Demand any of the Bills made forth upon the said several Adds of the seventh and eighth Years of her Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That the full Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum should be paid to and for the Use of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by the Ways and Means therein specified, for and during such Time only, as in that Add was limited: And by the said Add made in the twelfth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to circulate all Exchequer bills made forth and to be made forth on that and the said former Adds, by exchanging the same, from Time to Time for ready Money upon Demand, it was enacted, That the entire yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds (over and above the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds) should be paid to and for the Use of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England by quarterly Payments, ' until such Time as no more than nineteen hundred thousand Pounds of all the Bills issued and to be issued '* pursuance of that and the said former Adds (taken all together) should be standing out uncancelled in the whole r And for making good as well the said Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, and the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as also the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, until the Subsidies, Duties, Surplus Moneys and Arrears composing the general Fund and Security by the said former Adds, or some of them, intended to be established, or so many of them as should be sufficient for those Purposes should have taken Eftedd, it was by the said several Adds of the

seventh, eighth and twelfth Years of her late majesty's Reign, or some of them, enacted, That the Lord Treasurer, or three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, should make out or cause to be made out other exchequer bills for so much as should be computed to be due at the respective quarter days therein mentioned (over and above what should have been applied out of the Subsidies, Duties and other Sums of Money aforesaid) for such Interest and for such Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds respectively; and that such quarterly Bills should bear the like Interest of twopence per Centum per demand that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England should have the like Allowance of three Pounds per

>4 Centum per Annum for Circulation thereof. And whereas in an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, reciting. That the exchequer bills standing out and remaining unfa

tisfied and undischarged upon the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen did amount to the Sum of four millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty and five Pounds, or there about; it was thereby enacted and declared, That several Subsidies, Duties, Revenues, additional Re

Incomes, surplus Moneys, Arrears, overplus Moneys and other Moneys therein particularly de £ feribed or mentioned, were and should be one general and aggregate Fund and Security for satisfying and paying all Moneys which then were and from Time to Time should be incurred and grown due or payable for Interest, at the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and for the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for all the exchequer bills abovementioned or such of them as should from Time to Time be uncancelled or undischarged; and all the Moneys which were or should be grown due from Time to Time upon the said Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, for so long Time as those yearly Sums were to continue or be payable; and for sup plying to your Majesty, during your Life, the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds,

for the Service of your majesty's Household and Family, and other your necessary Exp. roes and Occa fions; and also for supplying the further yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds for ever, to raise Money for public Services, and for making good such Deficiencies as are therein expressed; 4 likewise for and towards furnishing the yearly Sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine Pounds and seven Shillings, for paying oft and cancelling the said Bills; all which was to be done in such Order, Manner and Form, and with such Preferences, as in the same Add are prescribed

1 And it was thereby provided and enacted, That from and after the complete paying off and discharging all the Principal and Interest which should be due upon all the said exchequer bills issued as aforesaid,

and cancelling the same, and full Payment made of all Arrearages (if any should be then due) as well for or upon the said Allowance, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for or upon the said yearly Sums of fortyfive thousand Pounds, eight thousand Pounds, one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, and every of them, as also of such Deficiency

6

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 8. 121

or Deficiencies as should then appear to be unsatisfied (if any such be) for or upon the original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for and upon their abovesaid Annuity of one hundred and six thousand fivehun dred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum; then, and not till then, the Paid general or aggregate Fund, and the Paid Subsidies, Duties and Revenues contained therein, and every of them, should be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and should not be ifiucd, paid or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever without Authority of Parliament, other than except such Duties 1 (Part of the said aggregate Fund) therein particularly described, which are thereby enacted to be conti nued for answering and paying all the Payments which should after such Redemption grow due for and upon the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds quarterly, for the Service of your majesty's Household and Family, and other your necessary Occasions, during your Majesty's Life, and for answering and paying all the Payments which should after such Redemption grow due for or upon the said yearly Sum of hfty four thousand six hundred Pound', for Payment of Annuities for ever, unless the same be redeemed by Parliament, as by the said several Acts, Relation being thereunto resp actively had, may more fully appear. And whereas the Bills made forth upon the said several Acts of the fe excise<j»cr i>ims venth, eighth and twelfth Years of her late majesty's Reign, Handing out and remaining uncancelled and 0, 122 ' undischarged upon the two and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and futeen, d0an'°ullqg(o 4 Hill, by Computation, amount to the said Sum of four millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty 'is.

and five Pounds principal Money; and the present Charge to the Public of circulating the same, as well 3 Ann. CII for the said Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, as the said Allowances of three Pounds per Cm is Ann. (Ur. 1. ' turn per Annum, fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, doth, by y,

Computation, amount to three hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred sixty one Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, except so much thereof as maybe abated for Bills, 328, 3611! i7 s. ' irom Time to Time, in the Exchequer, or in the Hands of Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids iod. per Ann.

or Revenues payable to your Majesty. And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank ofb3nk willing to England, in regard the common Rate of Interest for Money is very much ieftened under your Maje i"

fly's moll auspicious Government, and their several Funds before mentioned are redeemable at such taveuof Times, and in such manner, as aforesaid, are willing and contented to accept one Annuity of eighty their present eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, being after the Annuity. By 4 Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the said principal Sum of one Million ieven hundred fc i geo^c 9*venty five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, in lieu of their niiity is reduced" ' said present Annuity or Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shil " '

lings and five Pence per Annum, so as they may be satisfied the said yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, until and for the Quarter to end at the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclusively, and so as the future Payments of the said Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence flalf penny per Annum may be secured to them from the said feast day until the Redemption thereof; and so as the said yearly Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny be made redeemable upon one year's Notice to be given at the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand feveui hundred and eighteen, or at any quarterly feast day after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Bap tift one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and upon full Payment to them of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of all Arrears of the said yearly Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, if any shall be due at the Time of such Payment;

and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, are also willing and contented to discharge and deliver up to be cancelled, as many of the exchequer bills formerly made forth, as aforesaid, as amount to two Millions in principal Money, and to accept an Annuity or Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the same two Millions,

4_ to commence from the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, subject to Redemption by Parliament, upon one year's Notice to be given at the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or at any quar terly feast day after the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seven teen, and Repayment of the said two Millions, and all Arrears of the Annuity last mention d; and to continue the circulating and exchanging for Money at demand, the Remainder (amounting by Compu tation to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty and five Pounds in principal Money] of the said exchequer bills now Handing out and uncancelled, at the present Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and are also content that the Interest now payable on such Remainder of the said Bills be reduced to one Penny per Centum per Diem, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Deeemhtr one and of: d p i 4 thousand seven hundred and seventeen; that such Interest running on any of the tame Bills, duringc, ent the Time they shall lie in the Exchequer, or in the Hands of any Receivers or Collectors of his Majesty's Taxes, Aids or .'Revenues, be saved to the Public; so as the said exchequer bills so to be circu L.JL 4 dated and exchanged be made redeemable by Parliament, upon a year's Notice to be given at the Feast 1717.] 4 of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or at Redesrrafen or

any quarterly feast day after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one theu V.KL 'sand seven hundred and seventeen; and upon full Payment of the Principal and Interest payable upon.)K"' Vol, V R*the

S

C

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

So as the rvefcnr Al 'uvances fov t X hecp cr hill, te cr»n»inued ro tdniftmas j 7>7

2, "or.cool so Ik n.iv.mcejby I he ba/j'c,

f tr ready Money the ft Pounds, or thereabout.

the said remaining Bills, and of all Arrears of the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum which shall be due to them at the Time of such Redemption; and so as all the present Allowances to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, payable to them for circulating and exchanging

amounting to four Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five s, now Handing out or uncancelled, as aforesaid, to be continued to them until: n»l for the quarter to end at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and the said Governor and Company are also willing to advance to your Majesty, to be itnployed for or towards discharging or lefiening the National Debts and Encumbrances, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, shall call for, at any Time or

sent Burden of National Debts and Encumbrances, and in due Time the heavy Taxes lying upon this Kingdom, so far as it is confiitent with Honour, Justice and Equity, do most humbly beseech your maje b.mu. folie paid fry, that it may be enafied; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, shall be fully satisfied, contented and paid all such Moneys as are due and unpaid, or at any Time or Times, on or before the: laid Ifeaft of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclusively, shall grow due and remain unpaid, or be in Arrear to them for or upon the said annuiry.or Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five pence 'per Annum, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise at the Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said particular Duties on Houses, and of or for the said Duties and Revenues called the aggregate Fund, or any of them; and that from and after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand as seven hundred and eighteen, all Payments of or upon the said Annuity or Sum of one hundred and six 5. iui < -- a — thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, which from thenceforth should and might grow due and payable, shall cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, subject nevertheless to the Proviso and Power of Redemption hereafter in this Add contained in this Behalf, and none other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy the said Annuity or yearly Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, in respeh of the said principal Sum of one Million seven hundred seventy five thousand.twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, which annual or yearly Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence blalf penny shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of all the Moneys arisen or to arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer., of or for the said particular Duties on Houses, and of or for the said Duties and Revenues, called the aggregate Fund, and every or any of them; and shall be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of the 'Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, from the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portions; all which Payments shall also be. made in such Manner and Form, and with such Preference, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at any i ime upon one year's Notice to be given at the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, or at any quarterly feast day after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen) and not before; and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the said Sum of one Million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, without deduhion, Discount or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of the said an miity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny per Annum, if any such shall be then due; then, and not till then, the said Annuity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny per Annum shall from thenceforth cease and determine; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Provisoes, Matters of Things therein.contained, or other Matter or 1 hing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the better Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay off, discharge and cancel as many of the said exchequer bills as flrall amount to two Millions in principal Money, and to continue the circulating and exchanging for Money at Demand, the Remainder of

to) them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; it is hereby further enacted by the Authori that cut of the Moneys that are or shall' he in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Du

1 ich monies us on 24 June

j i8. ll

grpw due on the Annuity of 106, 501! 13s. 5 J. cn Houses, and on the ag gtcgkte Fund.

After that the

Rank to have £$7511. 7 f. 10 ij. 4 J. per Annum out of the said Duties, See 11 Geo. X C 9.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

Payable from June 171s. quarterly.

Redeemable on one Year's Notice after 24

northeast 1

71s.

Out of the said Duties the Rank to be ppid so much a shall be due to them imetet? at 2d. pr r Centum pci' V cm on f hel ill for 2(, coo, oooo I. till delivered up and so much as sc Christmas shall

aforesaid,

and Revenues of the said Fund, called the aggregate Fund, and of the said Duties on Houses, the said Company of the Bank of England shall be paid and satished so much as shall be due and in

tie

kxovernor ano

Arrear to them for the said Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem upon the said Bills amounting to two mfthons, until the Time or respective Times on which they shall deliver up the same pursuant to this act,

tnd so much as fit.or before the Feast.

of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven himdrel and

1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 8. 123

seventeen shall grow due and be in Arrear to them for the said Allowance, after the Rate of three Round, leper Centum per Annum, to lie computed by the Dsfy upon so many of the said exchequer bills, aroouutinj; < \ r

to four Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Rounds, as shall at any Time or Times ay'; f or before the same read day' remain uncancelled; and also so much, as at or before the said Read of tlu'

Birth of our Lord Christ: one thousand seven hundred and seventeen shall quarterly grow due and 1 C in Ar 1 rear to them, for or upon their said Allowances of lorty live thousand Rounds 'per Annum, and eight thousand Rounds per Annum.

4 5 OCO 1. sit! Scoo 1. per Anirj r.

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the r. r', .- m <' Bank, of England shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand Even hundred and fc '"r u': -

ventcen, deliver up as many of the said exchequer bills (now being uncancelled and undischarged) as shall;

amount to the said Sum of two Millions in principal Money, to such Person or Persons' as the commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall nominate, to be discharged, cancelled and made void, in such manner as the said commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall appoint, without idiiing the same again, or any of them j and that the said filtered of twopence per Centum per Diem, and Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable in respetst of the li.id Bills, amounting to two Millions, from and after the Time, or respective Times on which they shall or ought to be delivered up to be cancelled as aforesaid, and the said Allowances of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds, pa' Annum, from and after the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ: one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, shall cease.and detenu tie, and all the Duties and Revenues of the said aggregate Fund shall be freed, exonerated and discharged, "of, from and agaihfl: the same; the said former acts, or any of them, or any other L a"\v or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said leaf! of the Birth From ciiriflmas of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, the said Governor and Company of the' i!,: 'k ln Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, (subject nevertheless to the Proviso and Power of Redemji ia fly' y tion hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf, and none othefj shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this atto have, receive and enjoy, one Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, computed upon the said principal Sum of two Millions, which yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of all the Moneys anting or to arise at the said Receipt of Exchequer, as well of or for the said several Duties, Revenues and Incomes called the aggregate Fund, as aforesaid, as of or for the said particular Duties on Houses, and every or any of them; and shall be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, at the four most usual Fcalls or Days of Payment in the Year before mentis oned, by even and equal Portions, without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever; ani that all the Payments thereof shall be made in such Manner and Form, rind with such Preference as are hereafter in this Act prescribed in that Behalf.

and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of two millions, without any Deduflion, fjifcount or Abate see 9 Geo. 1. ment whatsoever to be made out of the same, and upon Payment to them of all Arrearages of the said year. 5. ly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, if any shall be due at the Time of such Payment, then and not till then, the said Annuity of one hundred thousand Pounds peiyannmi shall from thenceforth cease and determine anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

vm. 1.

ny of the advance at

or lessening the national Debts and Encumbrances, and not otherwise, such further Sum and Sums of Mo - 1. C 3. ney, not exceeding five and twenty hundred thousand Pounds, at such Time or Times on or before, the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and by furl Proportions at a time, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or 11101c of them, or the high Treasurer for the Time being, shall by any Writing or Writings under his or their Hands, to be delivered at the publick Office of the said Governor and Company in London, call for or require; and in case the find Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall make Failure in any such Payment or Payments so to be 0-. Faii'u* of advanced by the Space of fourteen Days next after such Writing or Writings shall be rdpecfivf.y delivered, a rt1hj n'.' '.' as aforesaid, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall he made, shall and may be recovered in his, a; "iu'1" Majesty's Name, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information in any his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no titoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall he granted or allowed; in which Afltion, Bill, Suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys whereof they shall have made Default in Payment, according to

R 2 the

C 8.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Annuity ct 5 percent, for so much as they /intil advance.

the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same; which shall be sufficient; and in and upon such Action, Suit, Bill, or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use. the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Damages after the Rate of ten Pounds per centu?n for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Coils of Suit; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, and their capital Stocks and Funds, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto; so always that the Sum to be called for or required of the said Governor ani Company, as aforesaid, at any one Time do not exceed five hundred thousand Pounds. bant to haven

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, for all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall advance for or in Part of the said Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by force and virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy an Annuity alter the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for ever, subject nevertheless to the Proviso of Redemption herein after contained in that Behalf; and that all and every such Annuity or Annuities after the pate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Money so to be advanced, shall be charged upon and shall he paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Moneys 'which shall from Time to Time arise, as well of or for the aforesaid Duties upon Koufes, as of or for the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes composing the said Fund called the aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, and shall be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, in manner following, that is to say. The first Payment or Payments of such Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be computed by the day, and satisfied from the Day or respective Days on which the said Sum, not exceeding two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be advanced or paid, as aforesaidj until the quarterly feast day, or respective quarterly feast days then next ensuing; from thenceforth the same Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portions; all which Payments shall also be made in such Manner and Form, and with such Preference, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf,

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at any Time upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their successors, of the said Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be called for and advanced, as aforesaid, without any Deduction, Discount or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of such Annuity or Annuities' after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, if any such Arrears shall be then due, then and not till then, the same Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; this present Act, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And as to lb many of the said exchequer bills made forth upon the said recited Acts, or any of them, as do amount in principal Money to the Sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds (being the Sum of the exchequer bills which will be Handing out after the delivering up and cancelling so many as amount to two Millions, as aforesaid); It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest of twopence per Centum per Diem, now born on the said Bills, for two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds, shall continue and be payable and paid to the Bearer and Bearers thereof reflectively, until the twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and no longer; and that from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, the Interest upon the same Bills shall be reduced to one Penny per Centum per Diem, which Interest of one Penny per Centum per Diem, and no more for Interest shall from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen grow due and be paid and payable upon the said Bills, for the said Sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds, to the respective Bearers, thereof, until the Redemption of the same, pursuant to the Proviso

pe/centum per herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Interest at the respective Rates aforesaid, upon the Diem. said Bills, amounting to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds, shall be satisfied and discharged, from Time to Time, by such Ways and Means as are hereafter in and by this Act All Interest on prescribed in that Behalf: Nevertheless, it is hereby provided and enabled, That the said Interest at the wvlft rn the re^pe^'ve Rates aforesaid, upon such of the said Bills, amounting to two Millions five hundred sixty one publickreceipts, thousand twenty-five Pounds, as are or shall, at any Time or Times, be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, & C saved to the or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues payable to his Publick. Majesty, his Pleirs or successors, during such Time and Times respectively, as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power, as aforesaid, shall be abated and saved for the Benefit of the Publick.

Bank to have

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the for circulating. Bank of England, and their Successors, shall for circulating the said Bills amounting to two Millions five" 7° hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds, and for exchanging the same for ready Money upon de at the Rate of mand, from Time to Time, have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, re 3 >. percent, ceive and enjoy, to their own Use and Behoof, an Annuity or yearly Allowance of seventy six thousand from chtiilmas eight hundred and thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings, (being after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the said Sum of two Millions five hundred and sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds) subject nevertheless to the Proviso of Redemption herein after contained in that Behalf, which Annuity or yearly Allowance of seventy six thousand eight hsndfed and thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings, shall be

and

reito.mable ftt any Time on Repayment of Principal

Interest of 2 c1. percent, per Diem, to continue till 26 Dec. 1717.

After 25 Dec. j7j7. Interest to be reduced to one Penny

12 5

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 8.

and is hereby also charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of all the Moneys arisen or to arise, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said particular Duties on Houses, and of or for the said Duties and Revenues called the aggregate Fund, and cvciy or any of them; and shall be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors lor ever, from the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord chri.t one thousand seven hundred ad sevenleen, at the four most usual Fcafts or Days of Payment in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portions, without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever; which Payments shall also be made in Inch Manner and Form, ard with such Preference, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be given re<f«rn?hcon

at the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven T ° "

teen, or at any quarterly feafb day after the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord, -, 7,

one thousand seven hundred anti seventeen, and not before, and upon full Payment by Parliament of the said Sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds, and all interest that shall! be then due thereupon, and all Arrears (if any) which shall be due at the Time of such Payment, on tly said Annuity of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, and cancelling and discharging all the said lxchequer bills, then and not till then, the said Annuity or Allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; this Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better and more regular Payment of all the Moneys which shall be payable unto the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act, as well for or upon the said several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, as also for or upon the said other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, (subject nevertheless, as aforesaid) landing Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning of them respectively, and of this Add, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Death or Removal or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office and Offices of them and any of them; nor shall any Commissioner of the Treasury or high treasurer, or under treasurer for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand or make Void such Order or Orders so signed, as aforesaid.

XIV. And for the more speedy Payment of the Moneys which shall be due or payable Lverally there Orders to be upon; It is hereby declared and enabled, That weekly, or otherwfe, as the Moneys of the several Rates, signed for the Duties, Impositions, Revenues and Incomes, by this Act charged or chargeable to or with the Payment

of the said Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence V ' halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, and to and with the Payment of the said other Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and every of them, or any Part thereof, 111 all from Time to Time be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for or towards Payment of the same, such money shall and may be Blued upon such Order and Orders for or towards discharging the said several and respect-- tive Annuities or yearly Sums thereupon charged, to grow due for or at the End of the Quarter of a Year, in which such Issues or Payments shall be made, so as such weekly or other speedy Payments do not exceed the Sums of the respective quarterly Payments, which shall grow due for or at the End of such Quarter respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of Bank to circa the Bank of England, and their Successors (for and in Consideration of the said Annuity or Allowance of exchequer seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, to be paid to them 6l°rrl as aforesaid) shall and they are hereby obliged and required, until all the said exchequer bills for the said tm fully caii sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds shall be fully discharged and cancelled, celled, pursuant to the said Proviso and Power of Redemption in that Behalf, exchange for ready Money

all such of the said exchequer bills for the said Sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five Pounds, as from Time to Time, or at any Time or Times, shall be in the Hands of any Person or Persons, and be demanded of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or at their publick Office, to be exchanged for ready Money (whether such Bills, or any of them, shall or shall: have puffed or had a Currency in his Majesty's Revenues or Taxes) by paying unto all such Person or Persons. ready Money, the Sum or Sums for which such Bill or Bills so required to be exchanged was or were issued, or which the Owner or Owners of such Bills shall be entitled unto by such Bill or Bills respectively, together with the Interest that final 1 at the Time of such Demand be due on such Bill or Bills reflectively, and so tetiei quoties as often as such Bill or Bills shall be demanded as aforesaid; in case the said Gover Bank reus nor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or their Cafnicr, shall neglect or refuse to mxybefusd, i C exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, upon Demand thereof made at their chief Office (which, during the Currency of the Bills before mentioned, or any of them, is hereby required to be kept at forne Place within t'ne City of London) by the Space of twenty-four Hours, then the Person or Persons demanding the same, or the Person or Persons for whole Account such Demand shall be made, shall or may, and are hereby enabled to

bring.

26 C 8.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

These Annuities aie personal Kit ites j

and free from Taxes,

and not liable to foreign Attachments.

Duties on Houses, Aggregate Irund, C ter ever.

1 Geo. 1. slit. 2. era.

See 3 Geo. 1.

C 3. see. 22.

Nevertheless for the Purposes in the Act contained.

and entered in Rooks in the Exchequer.

All the Duties, C appropriated for the Uses of this Act. '

bring his, her or their action of Debt, or upon the Case, for the same, again! the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, in which Action the Person or Persons so bringing the same shall and may declare, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein the Money demanded upon the said Bill or Bills, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same; which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or actions shall recover again it the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, not only the Money so neglected or refused to be paid, but also Damages, besides full Costs of Suit; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto; and in the said action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

X v71. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and every of them shall be deemed and adjudged to be personal Estates; the same, and the Stock or Stocks which the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England now have or are entitled unto, as also all such Stock or Stocks which the said Governor and Company shall or may be entitled unto by virtue of this Act, and also. the principal Sums' and Annuities payable to the said Governor and Company for or in respect of any such Stock or Stock, are and shall, by virtue of this act, be free and clear and freed and discharged of and from all Taxes, Charges and public Impositions whatsoever, charged or to be charged thereupon; and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not with standing.

xvif. And for the better securing all the several and respective Payments prescribed or intended to be made by or in pursuance of this Act, It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the said particular Duties on Houses, and the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes composing the said aggregate fund (which latter are particularly described or referred unto in the said Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign) and all other Duties which were settled for Payment of the said former yearly Sums of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, and of the said Interest and Allowances relating to the said former exchequer bills, and every of them, are and shall be.continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Pleirs and Successors, for ever; and shall be raised, levied, collected and brought into the Exchequer in England, by and according to such Rules, Me: hods and Directions, and with such Drawbacks, Repayments and Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are prescribed in and by the respective act and acts of Parliament now in Force, or any Articles, Clauses, Matters or Things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for raising, levying, or bringing in of the same, as fully and effectually as if the same acts, Articles, Clauses, Mattel's and Things, and every of them, were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act; nevertheless all the Moneys arising thereby into the said Receipt, from and after the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist: one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and all the Moneys then remaining in the said Receipt, of the same Rates, Duties, Revenues, or Incomes, shall be disposable to and for the several and respective Uses and Purposes by this act appointed, and subject to the several Provisoes of Redemption herein contained; any former Law, Statute, Provision, restriction, Clauses of Appropriation, or other Clauses, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; that all the Moneys of the said particular Rates and Duties on Houses, and of the said aggregate Fund, or other Duties by this act required to be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be duly and fairly entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells, for that Purpose; all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, shall have free Access without Fee or Charge.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That all the Moneys of the said Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, which shall or ought to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the said Purposes in this act directed (except the necessary Charges for raising, collecting, levying, issuing, paying and accounting for the same) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, as well to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of so much as at or before the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist: in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen shall grow due or be in Arrear to the said Governor and Company, for or upon their said yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence; and to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of so much as at or before the said Feail of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and

sand seven hundred and seventeen finall quarterly grow due and be in Arrear to the said Governor and Company, for or upon their said Allowances of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, and eight thousand Pounds per Annum; and for and upon their said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for circulating the said Bills; as also for answering and discharging all the growing Payments which shall hereafter incur and grow due to them for or upon the said Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuities

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 8. 127

unities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per xinnum; and to and for the Payment and Sati faction of the said yearly Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, and all Arrears thereof (if any,) and such other annual and other Payments as are hereafter in this Act prescribed to be made out of the same, and every of the n: All which Arrears and growing pa ments before mentioned are to be finished and discharged in their clue Course and Order, and with such Preferences as are by this Act appointed, according to the Tenor and true Meaning thereof, and without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or paid for the same or any Part thereof, but subject to such several and respective Redemptions as are in this at prescribed touching the said growing Payments or any of them, and t > nor.c other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; former Law, Statut, Provision, Appropriation or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case any the of t; or Ministers of the Exchequer shall divert or niifapply any of the Moneys of the said Rates, Du j, -

ties, Revenues or Incomes by this Act appropriated for the Uses and Purposes hereby CL hefted or appoint ap!' vyl, tori!, C ed, or any of them, contrary to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, or shall pay or iituc the same, offices, Act

or any Part thereof, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, and in the Order hereby directed, or shall not keep Books or make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act he or they are required to do and perform; every such Officer and Minister shall forfeit his Office, and be rendered uncapable to serve his Majesty Fleirs or successors, in any Office or Imployment of Trust or Profit whatsoever, and shall also be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums of Money so delayed to be paid, or so diverted or misapplied, with full Costs of Suit to those who shall fuller or be grieved tin reby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at 1vejhninjier, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys by this Act appro cv di 'ft.v priated or mentioned to be appropriated for the said Uses and Purposes in this Act appointed, shall be issuedment» v' ' and applied in Manner and Form following, (that is to say) in the first place to pay off so much as at,

before the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Bap till in the Year of our Lord one thousand Even bun j^!, yvl dred and eighteen shall grow due or be in Arrear to the said Governor and Company, for or upon the aid grow cue or ute former yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five.vs ffi Sumoi Pence; and io much as at or before the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hun (Q'W L 'j L dred and seventeen shall be due and demanded for the said Interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum mucfc as per Diem; and so much as on or "before the same feast day shall be due and in Arrear on the said former at Chviftmas

Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and upon the said former yearly Sums of fortyfive 17>t, (hill he

their Ule, weekly, or as loon as the same can be satisfied out of the Moneys of the said Rates, Duties, re m, ha, fh 1!; venues and Incomes, or any of them, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, so as by such" " weekly or other Payments the whole of the said Annuities or yearly Sums to be paid to the said Governor and Company, or, their successors, at the End of each Quarter he not exceeded, and so that upon every, he"

of the said quarterly feast days the whole then due thereupon severally be completed, made up or satisfied; weekly, and to and for the answering and discharging such Demands as shall be made of or for the said growing in a«e the to rr terell of one Penny per Centum per Diem, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. Cent, per Diem.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That after paying or referring sufficient to pav and satisfy, from Time Then to be to Time, so much as at anytime or Times is or shall be grown due or demanded for or upon the said fqr 'eai'!v sr.m t mer yearly Sums and Interest of two Penc & per Centum per Diem as aforesaid; and for and upon the said'^7°j°f?! <) "r, ns Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence L fe( 3 halfpenny per Annum, one hundred thousand Pounds pr Annum, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum; and the said other Annuity or Annuities after the rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to answer such Demands as shall be made, of or for the said growing.

Interest of one Penny per Centum per Diem -, then the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand(

Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Expenses and oc calions, and ail Arrears thereof, from Time to Time grown clue, shall be paid to his Majesty, during his

majesty's natural Life as aforesaid, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated, or mentioned and intended to be appropriated for the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed as aforesaid; that the Commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being snail and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the said yearly Sum of one hundrej and twenty thousand Pounds, or such Arrears thereof, to be issued and applied weekly, Or as soon as the same can be satisfied, in the Order and Course before mentioned for that Service, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise as aforesaid, so as by such weekly or other Payments the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, to be due thereupon, at the End of each Quarter, be' not exceeded; and so that upon every of the said quarterly Feast jays the whole then due thereupon (if the said appropriated Moneys will extend thereunto) be completed, made up or satisfied, according to the true Meaning of this Act.

XXL

C 8.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 17-16'

- perpetua Annuities of 5l. percent.

The Preferences

Then the yearly

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying or reserving sufficient to Sum of54, 600). pay and satisfy, from Time to Time, so much as at any Time or Times is or shall be grown due for or for ° ey5 etu tartu Pon the said former yearly Sums, and for and upon the said Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand orpe!peseven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to answer such Demands as shall be made of or for the said Interest, at the respective Rates aforesaid, and so much as at any Time or Times is or shall be grown due for and upon the said Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, then the said Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, and all Arrears thereof (if any be) shall, without any Deduction or Abatement, be separated and set apart in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act appointed; and shall, from Time to Time, see issued and applied to answer and satisfy such perpetual Annuities as are purchased thereupon, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Act or Acts of Parliament as are passed in that Behalf, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, 3s is thereby prescribed.

XXII. And it is hereby declared to be tyre true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the Arrearages of in point of pay the said former yearly Sums, and the Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, be due upon the said an inual Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Moneys necessary to answer such Demands of Interest as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time take place and be preferred, in point of Payment, before the Sums which, shall grow due upon the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds; and that the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds shall from Time to Time take place and be preferred, in point of Payment, out of the same, before the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds; and that the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds shall, from Time to Time, take place and he preferred, in point of Payment, before the applying any of the said appropriated Moneys for or towards answering any the Payments hereafter in and by this Act charged or chargeable thereupon.

Then the D efi

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from Time to Time, so much as at any Time or Times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said former yearly Sums, and for or upon the said Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Moneys necessary to answer such Demands of Interest as aforesaid, and so much as at any Time or Times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum; then the Deficiency and Deficiencies for making good the Payments to he, from Time to Time, incurred and grown due for or upon the original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the said Governor and Company out of the five Seventh Parts of certain Rates or Duties of Excise, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf (when and as often as any such shall happen) shall, from Time to Time, be Satisfied and answered out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated as aforesaid; from and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from Time to Time, so much as at any Time or Times is or shall he grown due for or upon the said former yearly Sums, and for or upon the said Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Moneys necessary to an fvver such Demands of Interest as aforesaid, and so much as at any Time or d imes is or shall be grown due for or upon the said Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum; and to make good such Deficiencies of the said original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum (if any such be) as aforesaid; the yearly Sum of four thousand Pounds num to Sheriffs, shall be set apart in the Exchequer, and issued from time to Time to the respective Sheriffs of England for cakmj forth ancj jjraies^ for defraying the Charges of taking forth the Letters Patents for their respective Offices, and ^n.tsi .'pang their several Accounts, and obtaining their Quietus's according to such other Act as is or shall be counts, tc. passed in this Session of Parliament in that Behalf.

The surplus of

XXI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Excess or Surplus, every Quarter which at the End of every or any Quarter of a Year (reckoning the Quarters to end at the usual Feasts Parliament y abovementioned) shall and may be produced by the said several Rates, Duties, Revenues and.incomes See 5 ged.'i. hereby appropriated or mentioned to be appropria: ed as aforesaid, and shall remain in the Exchequer over, C 3. see. i. and above the Money then due or demandable for or upon the several Annuities, Allowances and other Payments before mentioned, or any Arrears of the same, shall attend the Disposition of Parliament, and .'be applied according to Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and not otherwise; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ciencies of the bank's original Fund of 100,000l. per Annum to be made good.

Then to pay 40001. per An

XXV

C S.

129

in case the Produce of the said several Rates, urfr5tn aid, at 1 he End of any Quarter C f a Year a!' n fn> 'A

1 r i r »^"1 II'10 He n..ik, H

one thouiaiul seven hundred and icvcnteen, C f 0» r

pu !u b' in

r'l.k.cd n VI ribfrn 1 L

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That Duties, Revenues and Incomes hereby appropriated a; aforesaidter the Fe: ifl of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary

shall be difirient to answer and pay io much as shall be then due for or upon the faij former yearly Sum: ., which are to continue till the respective Times aforesaid, and for or upon the said. nnuiiie., or Sums of eighty eight thousand ("even hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thotil and eight hundred ami thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per y11 ' Annum, and the f; tid other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Moneys neceilitry to answer Inch Demands of Interest as aforesaid, and so much: ts shall be then grown due for or upr n the said Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, and so much as is to ma te good the said Deficiency (if any he) of the said original Fund; then, and so often, and in every fncli Care, every such Deficiency of the said Duties and Revenues shall and may he made good out of the Produce of all those Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, in any ftibsequent Quarter or Quarters wherein there shall be an Overplus for or towards answering th same; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That in case the Produce of the said several Rates, thsda dr, ictc. Duties, Revenues and Incomes hereby appropriated as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times appear to be F lt*e V

so deficient, that within any one Year (reckoning each Year to end at Michaelmas yearly) the same shall oo.tb imiu'

not lie sufficient to answer and pay so much as shall he then due for or upon the said former yearly Sums, m; n:, '

which are to continue till the respective Times before limited, and for and upon the said Annuities or Sums

of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum,

and the said other Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the

Moneys necessary to answer such Demands of Interest as aforesaid, and so much as shall be then grown due

for or upon the said Sums of one hundred twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, and so much as is to make good the said Deficiency (if any then be) of the said original

Fund, and so much as shall be then due upon the said yearly Sum of four thousand Pounds, according to this Act; then, and in every such Case, and as, often as any such Deficiency of the said Rates, Duties,

Revenues and Incomes shall happen, the same shall be provided for, answered and made goodbye and out of the then next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or Treasury to fm.

more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, and he and they are hereby empowered on s curit^th and directed, out of the Moneys arising by the said Duties appropriated (amongst other Things) for Pay nsceiftry vn'ms" ment of the said Interest as aforesaid, to issue to such Person or Persons, as he or they shall think fit to into diiciiarge in trust in that Behalf, and upon Security to be given to his or their good Liking, such Sum or Sums of terest to the Money by way of Iinpreft, and upon Account, from Time to Time, and by such Proportions at a Time, the

as he or they mall find necessary for discharging all the said Interest grown due and payable, or to grow due 01 5>

and payable, at the respective Rates aforesaid, upon the said Bills, in pursuance of this at; the said Interest to be discharged in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that any Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, having in their Custody any of the said exchequer bills, upon which six Months Interest or more shall be due and unpaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, demand and receive of the Person and Persons to whom the said Moneys shall be imprested for Payment of Interest as aforesaid, all the interest so due and unpaid upon such exchequer bills, who are hereby directed and required to pay and discharge the same, upon such Demand, out of the Money to be imprested to him or them for that purpol'e.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said exchequer bills amount The B: is 7 ing to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds as aforesaid, shall be received

and taken by, and shall pass and be current to all and every Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of^quer,

the Customs, Excise, or of any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments or Loans there to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for or upon any Account, Cause or Occasion whatsoever, until the full paying oft" and cancelling the (hid Bills, and every of them, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this at; IV

and that such of the same Bills as shall so be received at the Exchequer, shall and may be locked up and g ft cured as Cash, according to the Course of the said Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking in theprx up and feturing Money in Specie received there; and that all and every Receivers and col efilors in Great Britain of the Custors, Excise, or of any Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall and are hereby directed and required, out of any current coined Money as shall then be in their Hands of such Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply, to pay such of the Bills amounting to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds, as shall be brought unto them respectively by any Person or Persons desiring to have Money for the same; and in case any such Receiver or coiled!or rer's shall neglefil or refuse to exchange such Bills for Ready Money by the Space of twenty-four Hours, then le '"'d' the Person or Persons demanding the same shall o r may bring an Action of Debt or on the Case for the Principal and Interest Moneys due upon such Billsjigainst such Receiver or collector, having Monsv in Vol, V S 'his

C 8.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Money lent in Bills, equal to Specie at the Exchequer.

Interest on Bills to be allowed by Receivers General, &c. to the Day of Raying. No Inter,/! on Bills in Receivers, &c. Blands.

Endorsements to be made thereupon by the Payer.

Bills re issuedj Intel eft to levive.

Bills to be re iftl.ed only for the Principal 111 one V

Tellers to be reimbursed the Interest they allow.

receiver-general to keep a Book of ?11 the Moneys by-him received, chis

Hands, as aforesaid; which Action the Plaintiff shall or may declare, That such Receiver or Collector is indebted to such Plaintiff the Money demanded upon every such Bill, according to the Form of this Statute, and hath not paid the same; which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff in every such Action shall recover against such Receiver or Collector, not only the Moneys so neglected or refuted to be paid, but also the Damages, besides full Costs of Suit, and such Receiver or Collector shall be subject and liable thereunto; and in such Action, no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager oflaw shall be allotted, or any more than one Imparlance; and upon Payment of the Money so to be recovered, the Plaintiff, his Executors or Assigns, shall deliver up such Bills to the Defendant, his Executors or Atligns.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as any of the said Bills amounting to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds shall be paid or lent into the Exchequer by any of his Majesty's Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any Payments or Loans at that Receipt, the Officers there hall cause Tallies to be levied and delivered to the Payers or Lenders, as amply and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had made such Payments or Loans in Specie.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which shall, from Time to Time, be dt

ur

u1 uy way VI, — miw. — '^> luma ..ILW w.,

said, unto the respective Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid, exchanged or lent.

XXI. Provided always, That no Interest shall run or be paid on or for any such Bill or Bills, during the Time that any such Bill or Bills so paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in the Hands of any the said Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller or Tellers of the Exchequer, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease for the public Benefit and Advantage.

XXXII. And to the End it may be known for what Time such Bills shall, from Time to Time, remain in the Hand of such Receivers or Collectors', or in the Exchequer, as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons who shall pay such Bill or Bills to any Receiver or Collector of any his Majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, by way of Exchange or otherwise, or shall pay or lend such Bill or Bills into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall at the Time of making such Payment, Exchange or Loan, on each Bill so paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon in Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year on which he, she or they so paid, lent or exchanged such Bill or Bills; all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the respective Tellers in the Exchequer, shall take care to see done and performed accordingly; to which respective Days the said P, eceivers and Collectors shall be allowed again the Interest which he, she or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his, her or their paying the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the said Bills shall be re issued or paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, the respective Teller therefrom whose Office such Bill or Bills shall be fore issued or again paid out, shall endorse on such Bill or Bills sore issued, in Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year that the same were sore issued or repaid out of the said Exchequer, and also on what Account the same were last received into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and sign the same, from which Time the Interest on such Bill or Bills sore issued or paid again shall revive, and such Bill or Bills shall again run ani pass at Interest as the same did before they were paid unto or exchanged by the said Receivers or Collectors, or before the same were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Bills to be re issued, from Time to Time, or at any Time, at the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall be fore issued only for the Principal Money to be contained therein.

XXXV. And to the End the respective Tellers of the Exchequer, who shall allow any Interest upon such Bills which shall be paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, may be reimbursed the said Interest by them reflectively allowed; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers to be, from Time to Time, appointed for receiving the Moneys hereby appropriated for Payment of the said Interest, shall from Time to Time, out of such Moneys in his or their Hands, reimburse and pay to the said Teller and Tellers respectively, so much as he or they shall have respectively allowed for that said Interest to the Payers or Lenders of such Bills; in the do ng whereof he or they shall observe such rul.=s and Directions as he or they shall, from Time to Time, receive from any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every receiver-general of any Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, belonging or to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall keep a fair Book or Books of Accounts in Writing of all tli Moneys by him received; in which he or his Deputy or Deputies shall truly enter

all the Sums which shall have been received by him or them for every such Revenue, Aid, Taxe or Supply, together with the Names of the several Collectors from whom the same, or any Part thereof was received, the Days when, and the Sums paid, how much thereof in Money, and how much in exchequer bills, and what exchequer bills shall have been exchanged by every such receiver-general pursuant to this Act; to, which Accounts every Person concerned shall have free Access at all seasonable Times without Fee or Charge; and the said Accounts shall constantly lie open at one certain Place within, the Limits of Ills Receipt for that Purpose; and if such Receiver shall neglect to keep such Book or Books, or to enter therein.

any

4i

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 8. 131

any Sum or Sums of Money by him and them received and paid, as aforesaid, by the Space of three Days after his Receipt or Payment of the same, or shall refuse any Person or Persons concerned to irifpedt such Book or Books without Fee or Charge, as aforesaid, every such Receiver for every such Off nee shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the same, to be recovered Penalty Jcol. by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tp ejlminfh'r, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager ol Law shall be alloyed, or any more than one Imparlance.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat in case any of Bill may the exchequer bills for the said Sums of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five P Pounds, shall be filled up by Writing or Endorsements to be made thereon, as aforesaid, or shall tq any I, bff.nct u > Accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or or defaced, more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hertby authorised and enjoined, upon Request to be made by the said Governor and Company, ami their succdtors, from Time

to Time, to cause new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of such Bills as shall be filled up or defaced, which old Bills so filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there; and such new Bills shall have the like Currency, and shall in all Respefls be subject to the same Rules, Methods and Continuance, as if the same had been Bills originally issued in pursuance of this Act, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, and Principal Sums, and carry the like Interest, as were born and carried by the old Bills so cancelled respectively; and so toties quoth s as often as any of the Bills to be made forth by this Act shall happen to be filled up or defaced, as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And for the better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and call

their Successors, to circulate the said Bills, whereof the Circulation is to continue by this Act, and to carry j, r°r

on their other Affairs; It is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall or may be lawful to and lu'r V

for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause, to call from, or direct to be paid by their respective Members for the Time being, proportionably according to their respective Interests in the capital Stock or Stocks of the said Governor and Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, as in a general Court of the said Governor and Com any shall be judged necessary, and ordered to be called in; and that all Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, shall be indemnified in paying the same; and in case any such Member or Members shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Share of the Moneys so called for at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose, by Notice inserted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange, Penalty on It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and co.tvitdv'01 their Successors, not only to flop the Share or Dividend which shall, from Time to Time, become pay corn'" y' able to such Member or Members (so neglecting or refuting) of the Funds, Stocks or Profits of the said Company, and to apply the same, from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of the Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so neglecting or refilling, until the same shall be satisfied, but also to hop the Transfers or Assignments of the Share of every such Defaulter, and to charge such Defaulter or Defaulters with an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Moneys so by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the Time the same were appointed to be paid until the Payment thereof; and that the Shares and Stocks of such Defaulter and Defaulters shall be liable to make good and anl wcr the said Moneys so appointed to be paid, and the Interest thereof; and in case the Principal and Interest shall be unpaid by the Space of three Months, then the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have Power to left so much of the Stock and Stocks of such Defaulter and Defaulters as will satisfy and pay the same, rendering the Overplus to the Proprietors, if any be; and the said Governor and Company in a general Court, from Time to Time, when they shall judge their Affairs will admit thereof, shall cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so called in, or any Part thereof, to be divided and distributed to and amongst tbs then Members of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, according and in proportion to their respective Interests in the capital Stock or Stocks of the same; any former Law, Statute, Restriction, or any other Clause, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or Bank may for their Successors, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby enabled, in case they shall think fit, r(

from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times, at their own good Liking, to borrow or take up Money comnonseal upon any Contracts, Bills, Bonds or Obligations, under their common Seal, or upon Credit of their at.ov; the coin capita! Stock or Stocks, or any Part thereof, or otherwise, for any Time, or to be paid upon Demand, moc latere't. and at such Rate or Rates of Interest, or upon such Terms as t icy shall think fit, although the same shall happen to exceed the Interest allowed by Law to be taken, and to give such Security for the same, as shall be to the Satisfaction of the Lenders respectively; any former Law, Statute, Prohibition, re striction, Claus, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: And they are hereby authorised, at thnr swn good Liking, to contract and agree in such Manner as they shall think fit, at any1* ukesub time or limes, with any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, whole Abilities they hull be well fadsfied, fer or concerning the furnishing of Moneys, from Time to J Time, by such Persons or Corporations, upon such Terms as they shall find necessary, for die better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to perform such Matters and Things as they are to do and perform in pursuance of this Act, and to take Subscriptions from such Persons or Their Sscur!*: 3 Corporations for that Purpose; it is hereby declared, that such Contracts, Bills, Bonds, Obligations,1?' chargeable Securities or Subscriptions, shall not be chargeable with any the Duties upon stamped Vellum, parchmentpjl est mf- or Paper; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

32

C '

A.D. 1716.

Bank to have the Indents or Counterfoils of the Bills.

be paid off, no other to be issued.

C 8. Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

XL. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or Forcing, C counterfeit any of the exchequer bills made forth, or to be renewed, as aforesaid, or any Endorsemertr or Eteifquer bits, Writing thereupon, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeit Bill, or any exchequer bill with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereupon, or shall demand to have such" counterfeit Bill, orany1 exchequer bill with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereupon, exchanged for Ready Money by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or by any Receiver or Collector, as aforesaid, knowing the Bill so tendred in Payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the endorsement or Writing thereupon, to be forged or counterfeited, and with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said Governor and Company, or any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons jo offending (being thereof lawfully convictedj (shall be adjudged a Felon, and mall suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, have the L'fc and Custody of one Part of all the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of all the exchequer bills to be current on this Act, and from which the said Bills are cut, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by counterfeited or forged Bills; and that when any of the same Bills shall be discharged and cancelled, such Parts of the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, as shall relate to the Bills so discharged and cancelled, shall, from Time to Time, be delivered back into the Receipt of Exchequer by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors.

Till all the Bills

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until all the exchequer bills to be circulated upon this Act shall be paid off, discharged and cancelled, no more or other exchequer bills, or Bills of the like Nature, though by another Name, shall or may be made out and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, either with or without the Authority of Parliament, unless by Consent of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Member of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for or by reason. of any the Matters or Things in this Act contained, shall be disabled from being a Member of Parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt within the Intent and Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; any Law, Statute, or Provision to the conti ary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, it shall not be lawful for anybody Politic or Corporate whatsoever, erected, or to be erected, (other than the said Governor and Company of the Bank o i England) or for any other Persons whatsoever, united, or to be united in Covenants or Partnership, exceeding the Number of six Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes, payable at Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the borrowing thereof.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Governor and company neiai Court may of the Bank of England, or their Successors, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, (in regard of in a general Court, to make and declare such Addition to their capital Stock (in regard of their undertak these Underta ing to discharge and deliver up the said exchequer bills, amounting to two Millions, and: to continue the f ch ad dltiort o Circulation of the said exchequer bills, amounting to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and liieir capital" ° twenty-five Pounds, and to advance any further Sums, not exceeding two Millions five hundred thousand stork as they Pounds as aforesaid) as they shall think fit; and so much as shall be.so declared, shall be, or be deemed to than think fit. be capital. Stock or additional Stock accordingly; and that the Members' of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who (lvall have a Share or Interest in such Stock or Stocks, shall or may assign or transfer the same, or any Part thereof, in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, apart by itself, or jointly with any other Stock which such Members may have in the said Company; which Assignments or Transfers dial and may be made in such or the like Method, Manner and Form, as are prescribed by any Act of Parliament, or Charter now in Force, for Assignments or Transfers to be made in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by the Members thereof, of any Shares in their Capital.

XLVI. Provided and it is hereby enacted, That as often, as any Interest: upon the said exchequer bills, hereby continued to be circulated, shall be demanded to be paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, they shall not be obliged to pay for such Interest to any lesser Sum than one Penny upon such Bill, in case a Angle Bill be produced for Payment, or for the Total of the Interest of such Bills where two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the redemption o( all the said several Annuities or Suns of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by Payments to be made according to the several and respectiveproviioes or Conditions of Redemption in this Act contained of orconcerning t e same, and full Payment of all Arrearages (if any shall then be due) for and upon the said yearly Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred rounds' per Annum, and for the Deficiency (if any shall then be) of the said original Fund of the said Governor and Company of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and every of them, then and not till then, the said General or Aggregate Fund by this Act continued and established, and the said Sttbfidies, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, contained

No Member of the Bank disabled from being a parliament man, or liable to be a Bankrupt, C Daring the Rank, no other Company (exceeding six) to borrow Money on Bills payable at lcfs than six Months. Bank in a Ge

Bank not obliged to pay for Interest to a Idler Sum than a Penny,

After Redemption al! the Annuities, &c. the Aggregate Fund and Duties on Houses shall be understood to be re c rit'd by Parliament.

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Reois.

O

C 8.

tairicd' therein, and evert' of them, and also the said particular Duties on Houses, fh l1 be unde r od to lie redeemed by Parliament, and shall not' be issued, paid, or applied to any Ul'e, Intent, or VI ever, without Authority of I'arliaincnr; other than find except the Duties' called the tw 1 1 1 of fidy of Tonnage ard Poundage upon Goods and Merchandizes imported, and other ham and axe Duties upon Coffee, coconuts, Chocolate, cocoa paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Clove., Pictures an 1 Mullins, and other than and except the increased Duties upon Coffee, C Chocolate, cocoa paste, 'Pea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Macc and l'iftures, and other except the further Rates and dutieslipon all White Calicoes, Poreelan eailed china ware

if

1 du " t ilu; 'Mac.', eoa mts, tlwn and and

nd

Drugs; all which said Subsidies and Duties so excepted are Part of the said Aggiegate Fund, intended to be continued, and they are hereby enacted to be continued, for mfwering and paying out nfwcrms uii all the Payments which fli all after such Redemption grow due for and upon the said

of the same,

arc continued for

ir

Ann. for His

yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, for the Service of his Majesty's Life,

Hcnifhohl and P'amily, and other his necessary Occasions, during his Majesty's Life; and also for answering mo A, £0-1, per

X D ') after such Annum, lor t. = C

sounds, for anlu't: C Jt 5

and paying out of the same excepted Subsidiis and other Duties, all the Payments which shall Redemption grow due for or upon the said yearly Sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred P

upon

iy.

fifty J

Payment of Annuities, as aforesaidq and also for answering and paying out or the ft me excepted Subsidies ibr" pl ir

and other Duties, all the Payments which hall after fuehr Redemption grow due, for or upon (he laid tii^ccci. ir

yearly Sum of four thousand Pounds to be issued to Sheriffs, as aforesaid; Annuities or yearly Sums Annum to su are to continue for ever, except such of them as shall be redeemed by Parliament according to other Aftsrlflj'

111 that Behalf; and the said excepted Subsidies and Duties so to be continued for answering the Payments of the said yearly Sums of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and fifty-four shouiand six hundred Pounds, and four thousand Pounds per Annum, or so much thereof as shall be flifficiem to pay the same, are and shall be hereby appropriated, issued and applied thereunto, 'during the Continuance of the same

yearly Sums respectively; Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless - nothing in this Act contained, for or concerning the Rede mp the (an"'"rim tion of any of the said Annuities or yearly Sums hereby payable to the said Governor and Lompany redeemed of the Bank of England, shall in any wise prevent or hinder the Redemption of any other of the same J Annuities or yearly Sums to them payable by this Act, but' that every one of the said Annuities or yearly Sums may separetely be redeemed at the Time and in the Manner by this Act preferi bed, according to the respective Proviso herein contained for Redemption of the same; any Tiling in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of Bank to conti the Bank of England, and their successors, shall continue dud be a Corporation, and shall enjoy the said !ll!e a9orp0'3' several Annuities or Sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and noit^sbvrcf ten Pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand Pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred thirty deemed, C Pounds and fifteen Shillings per Annum, and the said other Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Aw turn, till they respectively shall be redeemed, as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all such Capacities, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages to tyre said Governor and' Company of the Bank of England, as a Corporation, belonging, until all the said Annuities or yearly Sums shall be redeemed according to the several and respective Provisoes in this Act contained concerning the same, freed and discharged of and from alp former and other Provisoes and Power of Redemption whatsoever, for redeeming the said Duties or Revenues, eailed the Aggregate Fund, or the said Duties on Houses, or any of them;, any former Act or Statute, or any Clause, Matter or Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L And for the better Encouragement of such Persons and Corporations as are or shall bet illing to advance Moneys for or towards paying off any Part of the principal Sums amounting in the whole to eight

Millions seven hundred sixty two thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds, or thereabouts, now ear' rying Interest alter the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the ninth and tenth Year's of her said late majesty's Reign, relating to several Lotteries, and9 Anne s charged upon the several yearly Funds of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, one hundred eighty 10 Arla' c' I six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, and one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds therein respectively mentioned.; or for redeeming the Annuities payable by an Act of Parliament of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King >- &13 w. 3. ivihiam (of glorious Memory) to certain Patentees therein named, their Heirs and a'iligns, out of thee ii weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds charged on the Excise; for which Moneys so to be advanced for the Purposes aforesaid, it is' intended that the Persons or Corporations advancing the same, his, her, or their Executors, admir.istrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have and enjoy Annuities, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds er Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, according to such.

Act or Acts of Parliament as shall be made and puffed in that Behalf: 'It is hereby declared and enacted Bank to imoloy. by the Authority aforesaid - the Governor and Company of the Bank of England hall, Time to[ufficient per'. Time, until the'"said Annuities, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per' Cerium per Annum, so to be pur cahier" chased, shall be redeemed by Parliament, appoint and employ one fufscient Person within their Office in and Accountant the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier, d one other fufffeient Person within the same general.

Office to be their Accountant general; and that the Moneys from Time to Time coming into the Receipt of the exch.quer for Payment of such Annuities, shall be issued and paid quarterly to such First or Chief Cashiers for the Time being, by way of Impressed and upon Account, for Payment of the same Annuities; and that such Accountant general for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, inspect and examine all the Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any

I

C 8.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Annuities one 'capital Stock.

shares assignable, &c. i Geo. j. Stat. 2. C. ar.

No stamp duties for trans ifais, C

Transfers not liable to higher Stamp-duties than are now payable. exchequer bills of 5000 1. each, »( m t exceeding 50) to be deliver'd to theb ink in lieu Heifer Bills of the like Value,

current only between the Exchequer and the Bank.

Sank may aitign She Annuities,

5fo as they enter j such ai lign. ments in a Book in the auditor's ofhce.

Not to obstruct the making good the Deficiencies which may happen in the ycatly fund of 116, 573l. 12s. 3 Geo. 1. flat. Z, cz

vote Of the House of Commons, signified by their Speak er, a Efficient N olice.

any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all the Moneys to be advanced as aforesaid, for such Annuities, shall be one capital or joint Stock on which the said Annuity shall be attending; and that all Persons and Corporations, in proportion to the said Atonies by them respectively advanced, shall have a Share in such Stock, and in the proportional Annuity attending the same; and that all such Shares shall be assignable, transferable and deviseable in the same Manner as is prescribed by Act of Parliament made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign touching the Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum therein mentioned; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be chargeable on such Transfers; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds or Annuities) shall continue a Corporation, to all intents and Purposes relating only to the receiving, paying or accounting for the said Annuities not exceeding the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum aft mentioned, till the same shall be redeemed by Parliament, in such Proportions, and according to such Act or Acts as shall be made or passed concerning the same; and that no Fees or Gratuity shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for paying the said Annuities last mentioned, or for any such Transfers; nevertheless the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the high treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to allow out of the Moneys to be impreilej, as aforesaid, such Salaries and Allowances as they shall think reasonable, to the said Cashier and accountant general for the Time being respectively, for their Pains and Charges relating to the Payments and Accounts of the said Annuities so to be purchased after a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as aforesaid, and the Charges of passing such Accounts, and being discharged of the same.

LI. And it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Transfers or Alignments of Stock or additional Stock in the Books of the said Governor and Company, shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater Duties than are now payable for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the greater Ease and Dispatch of the public Business at the Exchequer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or for the high treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and enjoined, upon Request to be made by the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, to causa exchequer bills of five thousand Pounds each (so as they do not exceed fifty such Bills in the whole, over and above the Bills for five thousand Pounds each made for.h by any former Act of Parliament in that Behalf) to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to be delivered to the said Governor and Company in lieu of the like Value of the Principal con ained in exchequer bills for lefier Sums now Handing out as aforesaid, to "be delivered up at the same Time by the said Governor and Company to be cancelled and discharged, and to be kept there; which new Bills of five thousand Pounds each, shall be current only in Payments between the Exchequer and the Bank of England, and in all other Respebrs shall be subject to the same Rules, Methods, Continuance, Power of Redemption, and carry the like Interest, and have the same Security, Benefits and Advantages; and the same Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for any Crime or Offence relating thereunto, shall he inflibted, incurred and put in Execution, as if they had been Bills originally issued in pursuance of the said former Acts, or any of them; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, at any Time or Times, by Writing under their common Seal, to assign the said Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty cne Bounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, as aforesaid, or either of them, or any Part of or Intersil in them, or either of them, or in any Part thereof, as also such Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be advanced by the said Governor and Company in pursuance of this Act, or any Part of such last mentioned Annuities, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties, which said Assignments shall not be revokable or subject to any Tax; so always that an Entry or Memorandum of such Alignments as shall be fomade, be made in a Book or Books for that purpose in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for which Entry no See or Reward shall be taken.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act com ined shall hinder or obstruct, or be construed "to hinder or obstruct the making good any Deficiency or Deficiencies, which at any Time cr Fimcs shall happen of or in the yearly Fund of one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings mentioned in an Act of Parliament of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the land-tax for the Year one thousand seven undred and fourteen; and for rafing so much as is wanting to make up the Sum of fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be rased by a Lottery for the public Service in the said Year, but that every such Deficiency shall and may be made good and satisfied out of any the public unappropriated Moneys, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker of the said House in Writing, and delivered at the public Office of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 9. 135

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thu nothing herein contained This Act rot w Hull extend, or be construed to extend to prevent orfiiinder the Payment of the Sum of twenty thousand prrjj'k", he Pounds per Annum, which his Majesty in his great Goodness hath been graciously pleased to grant or ap 1'c>ro, 'ljt "(r point to his Royal Highness the Piincc of Wales, by Letters Patents bearing Date the first Day of Oil; - ", n" shout of her in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign; but that the same shall be lifued and paid from Time to the Exchequer, Time by the commission.'rs of t ie 1'rcafury, or the Treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer for i > his Rnysl tile Tim.' being, out of the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thou land Pounds by the said former 11 Acts of Parliament appointed, and by this Add continued, for the Service of his Majesty's Moulhold and Punier pr d family, and other his liccefl iry Octaiions, in the same Form and Manner as the same hath been issued andj, p paid hitherto, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in _ 9>

any wise notwithstanding. 1 Ce. z. ji -

C 8. 2 gco, 2»'

C 3. 11 Geo. 2. c. 27. 15 Geo. 2. c. 13. 19 Gco % 2, C. 5. 24. Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. IX.

An Act for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company (being after the Rate of This chapter six Pounds per Centum per Annum) and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund after ^l^before^'1 the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum redeemable by Parliament; and to raise form?.v.i.' an Annuity or Annuities at five Pounds per Centum per Annum, any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be employed in lessening the national Debts and encumbrances, and for making the said new yearly Fund and Annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the Time and Manner thereby prescribed.

I. MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas the Capital or Joint Stock of the Governor and Com farther Provi

pany of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and fans relating for encouraging the Fishery, being adjusted and settled pursuant to several Adds of Parliament in thatt0 p115 Act ' Behalf, doth amount to the Sum of ten Millions; and in respect thereof a yearly Fund of six hundred 5 Geo'c' 3*

thousand Pounds hath been and is payable to the said Governor and Company after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, besides a yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds for or towards the Char ges of the said Governor and Company for Management, subject nevertheless to a Proviso contained in one Act of Parliament of the first: Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Ca i Gen. i.flat.z.

pital Stack and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and for [applying thereby eight hundred twenty-two ju thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence to public uses; and for. raising one hundred sixty

nine thousand Pounds for the like uses, by Sale of Annuities upon diverse. Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty, whereby the said yearly Sums of six hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds were redeemable upon one year's Notice, which was to be given after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and upon Pay ' meat as well of the said Sum of ten Millions, as of all Arrears of the said yearly Sums, in such Manner and Form as in the said Proviso of Redemption are prescribed: And whereas the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great pjritain are willing and contented, in regard the common Rate of Interest for Money is very much lessened under your majesty's raoft auspicious Government, to accept from and after the Feast o1 the Nativity of St. Ifohn Bapiijt one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, one Annuity or yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, being aft'r the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per An

for the said ten Millions, together with the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds to be conti uued to them for Management, so as they may be fatiified the said yearly Sums of six hundred thousand

and eight thoul.ind Pounds, until and for the Quarter to end at the said Feast of the Nativity of ' St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and so as the future Payments of the said year — sly Sums of five hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, may be secured to them from the said i'east day, until the Redemption thereof, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present adtnow we your majesty's raoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons o{.Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to ease the present Burden of Debts and Encumbrances, and in due Time the heavy Taxes lying upon this Kingdom, so far as is consistent with Honour, Justice and Equity, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may he enacted; be it enacted by the King's most^duth seacorn excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Company to be paid mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Governor and n lhe Company ot Merchants ot Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for, ieasc^'u "tr to encouraging the Fishery, or their Successors, shall be fully satisfied, contented: and paid in the first: Place, row due on all such Moneys as are due and unpaid, or at any Time or Times on or before the said Feast of the Nati — 14 June 171s vity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclusively, shall grow due and remain on !he yejrly unpaid, or be in Arrear to them, for or upon the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, andg^ j and the said yearly Sum of eighr thousand Pounds, and either of them, out of the several Revenues chargedg°ooj. there ith, or by such orher Ways and Means as by ajty former A or Ars of Parliament are provided or" prescribed in that Behalf.

II

And afterwards the 6oo, oco 1. per annum to cease.

Company to have the yearly Sum of 500, 0001. and Socol. out of the Duties.

9 Ann. C zi.

Payable quarterly.

Ear ft Payment at Mich. 1718.

outh sea Company to advance into the exche qner such Sums as the Treasury shall call for, not exceeding zyooc fcco before 24 Dec. 1717.

5 Geo. 1. c. 3. No Call at one Time for more than oiie fourth Part, and 14 Days Notice, Company not paving may be

iwd.

C g. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John eapti/f one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, all Payments of or upon the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, which from thenceforth should or might grow due or payable, shall cease and determine.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company ef Merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, (subject nevertheless to the Proviso of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf, and none other] shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by Force and Virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the said yearly Fund or Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, which annual or yearly Sums shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of all and every the Duties, Impositions, additional Impositions and Revenues, and all proportional parts of them, or any of them whatsoever, which by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her iate majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying the publick Debts; and for erefiing a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South seas, and for the Encouragement of the Bifiery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for regiflring of Seamen, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause or Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force were charged or chargeable with the said former yearly Fund of six hundred thou fanfi Pounds, and the said former yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and either of them, or any Part thereof; and shall be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their successors for ever, at the four moil usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Feasts of St. Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of St John Bapt'i/1, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand l'even hundred and eighteen; and that all the Payments thereof shall be made out of the Duties, Impositions, additional Impositions, Revenues and proportional Parts before mentioned, with Preference to all Payments hereafter to be charged thereupon (the Moneys of the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, and of the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, which are or shall be due or in Arrear at or before the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, always excepted and foreprized.]

IV. And whereas the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, to manifest their Zeal for the publick Service, by fumifhircg Money towards lessening the said national Debts and Incum brances, have proposed to advance to his Majesty any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two Millions, at such Times and by such Proportions at a Time, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's ' Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall call for the same, to be employed for or towards the discharging or lessening the said national Debts and Encumbrances; so as such Calls do not exceed in the whole the Sum of two Millions, and be all made on or before the twenty-fourth Day of 'December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; so as the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain be not required at any one Time to advance more than one Fourth Part of the said Suni, 6 and have fourteen Days Time at least for advancing each Part of the same, which shall be called for;

and so as that for every Sum so to be advanced for or upon Account of the said Sum not exceeding two Millions, the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain may have an Annuity or Sum after the Rate of five Pounds pier Centum per Annum, to commence from the Time or respective Times of advancing the same, and to continue until the Redemption of such Annuity or Annuities, according to the Tenor of this present Act in that behalf now his Majesty's said Dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, in further Prosecution of their d efrres to have the national Debts and encumbrances lessened, do further humbly beseech his Majesty, That it may be enabled; And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby enjoined and required to advance, and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be employed for the Purposes aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two Millions, at such Times and by such Proportions at a Time, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High treasurer, or any three or more of rii£ Commissioners of the treasury for the timfi being, mall, by any Writing or Writings under his or their Hands, to be delivered at the publick Office of the said Governor and Company, in London, call for and require; so as all such Calls be made on or before the twenty-fourth Day 01 December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen ya nd so as they be not required at any one Time to advance more than one Fourth Part of the said Sum, and have fourteen Days Time between each Payment, and after the Delivery of every such Writing for advancing of every such Part as aforesaid; in case the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain shall make Failure in any the said Payments of Moneys so to be advanced, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's Name for the Ufts and Purposes aforesaid, by Action of Debt or upon, the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his majsftyvcourts of Record at Westminster, wherein no. Essdin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information it shall be lawful to declare, That the said1 Governor and company of Merchants of Great Britain are indebted to his Majesty. the Moneys whereof they shall have.made Default in Payment, according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in and upon such Action, Suit, Bill or Information there shall be further arecovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain,

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

*37

Damages after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for the monies so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Costs of Suit; and the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, and their capital Stocks and Funds, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company ofcsmpnny to Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, for every Sum which they shall advance for or in Part CP,; r of the said Sum of two Millions, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled, by Force and Virtue of'"', j l^they this Act, to have, receive and enjoy an Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for 1

ever, subject nevertheless to the Proviso of Redemption herein after contained in that Behalf; and that every such Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Money so; o be advanced, shall be charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, arise by the aforesaid Duties, Impositions, additional Impositions and Revenues, and all proportional Parts of tlrm, and every or any of them, over and above so much as shall be sufficient to pay off and satisfy all the Moneys which shall at any Time or Times he grown due and incurred for or upon the said yearly Sums of six hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, until and for the Quarter which shall end upon the feast day of the Nativity of St. 'john Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and from thenceforth for or upon the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, and for and upon the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and either of them; and that such Annuity or Annuities for such Moneys so to be advanced shall be paid and payable to the said Governor ard Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, in manner following, that is to say, the first Payment or Payments of such new Annuity or, Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per crntnmtlrrvx per Annum, shall be computed by the Day, and satisfied from the Day or respective Days on which tiement

laid two Millions, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be advanced as aforesaid, until the quarterly Fetft -

day or respective quarterly feast days then next ensuing; from thenceforth the same new Annuity or Annuities of five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be paid and payable at the four moll usual Feasts" "

of Payment in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portic

of Payor

rtions.

of as shall be advanced and paid by this Act as aforesaid, as also all Arrearages of the said yearly Fund of, (m Iro: n. six hundred thousand. Pounds, and of the said annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and every of them, Taxes, and the capital' Stock or Stocks which the said Governor and Company have or are to have in respect thereof, and such additional Stock in Money as they shall call in from their Members for carrying on their Trade, shall be at all Times hereafter freed and exempt from all Taxes, Charges and publick Impofnions whatsoever, charged or to be charged thereupon by Authority of Parliament or otherwise; any Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary nonvithifanding.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said capital Stock of ten Millions, and so capjtil Stock, much as is due or shall grow due for or upon the said yearly Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, to be 3 ?«fonal paid until and for the Quarter to end at the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand fe LI ltc> ven hundred and eighteen; and the said yearly Sums of five hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, to be continued as aforesaid; ard the said two Millions, or such Part thereof as shall be advanced, and the said Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per annum, payable or to be paid for the same to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, and the Share and Interest of each and every particular Member of and in the said capital Stocks and Funds, and every of them, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in Construction of Law and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever, to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; and shall hot be liable to any foreign At nd not liable to tachments by the Custom of the City of London or otherwise; that no Governor, Sub governor, De rr°mn Attach" puty governor or Member of the said Company, by reason of his being a M mber of the said Company, j.f0 mem!>?rdif or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, be now or at any Time hereafter disabled from being oratj d (mm serve continuing, or from being elected or serving as a Member of Parliament; nor shall be or be adjudged lia ing in pliable to be a Bankrupt within the Intent and Meaning of all or ar.y the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

vlilvand for the better and more regular Payment of all the Moneys intended by this Act to be paid Standing Orders to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, (subject never 1° be made forth theless to such Redemption as aforesaid) an Order or Orders shall re signed by the Commissioners of th'e't ie'e Annu1' Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and after signing thereof the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury or High Treasurer for the i ime being, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office and Offices of them, Gr any of them, nor shall any Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer or under treasurer for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand or make void such Order or Orders so".signed as aforesaid.

IX. And for the more speedy Payment of the Moneys which shall be due or payable thereupon, It is majtfonh*

hereby declared and enacted, That weekly or otherwise.

as Moneys of the said Duties, Impositions, Re v.eck!y for these

venues Annuities.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

formct dalits continusd.

subject to Redemption, and to be raised as by the former Arts,

and to be entered in a Book in the Exchequer.

These Duties appropriated for the Uses of this Art.

Penalty on Officers of the exchequer diverting, C the Moneys.

Deficiency of one Quarter to be suppli d out of the subsequent Quarter,

C 9.

venues and proportional Parts, or any of them, applicable to the Payment of the said yearly Funds, Annuities or Sums of Money, or any of them, payable to the said Governor and Company as aforesaid, hall, from Time to Time, be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for Payment thereof, such Moneys shall and maybe ifl ued upon such Order and Orders for or towards discharging the said yearly Funds, Annuities and Sums of Money to grow due for or at the End of the Quarter of the Year in which such Iifues or Payments shall be made, so as such weekly or other speedy Payments do not exceed the Sum of the quarterly Payment which shall grow due for or at the End of such Quarter respectively.

X. And for better securing to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain., and their Successors, all the Payments intended to be made to them by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rates, Subsidies, impositions, additional Impositions and other Duties and Revenues whatsoever, and all proportional Parts of them, or any of them, which were applicable to the Payment and Satisfaction of the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, and the said former yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, during the Continuance thereof, are and shall be continued and be payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, for satisfying and discharging as well the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, and the said former yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and all Arrearages of them, which are or shall be due at or before the said Feast of the Nativity of St. 'john Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen as aforesaid, as also the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds hereafter to be paid, and all and every such new Annuity and Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Sum of two Millions, or so much thereof as Ilia]) be advanced upon this Act, and every of them, in the Order, Manner and Form before in this Act prescribed in that Behalf, and subject to such Redemption as aforesaid, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that the same rates, Subsidies, Impositions and other Duties, Revenues and proportional Parts before mentioned, and every of them, shall be raised, levied, collected and brought into the Exchequer in England for the same Purposes, by and according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, and with such Drawbacks, Repayments and Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, or by any Articles, Clauses, Matters or Things therein contained or thereby referred unto for aaifing, levying, collecting or bringing in of the same, as fully and effectually as if the same Acts, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things, and every of them, were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; and that all the Moneys which shall be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Rates, Subsidies, Impositions, additional Impositions and other Duties and Revenues, and all proportional Parts of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be fairly and di itindtly entered and registered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells, severally for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, shall have free Access without Fee or Charge.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That all the Moneys of the said Rates, Subsidies, Impositions and other Duties and Revenues and proportional Parts of them, or any of them, which hall or ought to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid, (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, ifilling, paying and accounting for the same, and except such Part thereof as., by any former Act of Parliament is applicable to the Repayment of Loans till remaining unsatisfied, and' to pay the Interest of the same) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of the said yearly! und of six hundred thousand Pounds, and of the said former yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, due or to grow due at or before the aid Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, from and after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the said growing yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and to and for the Payment of the said Annuities after the Rate ot five Pounds per Centum per Annum, hereafter to be acquired by virtue of this act, and every of them, in their due Method and Order before prescribed, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be paid by the said Governor and Company for the same, or any Part thereof, but subject to such Redemption as is herein after prescribed, and to none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: that the respective Officers of the Exchequer, who shall make any Delay in issuing or

'paying the same, or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any the said Moneys contrary to this Act, for any such Offence shall be forejudged from their respective Offices or Places, and be rendered incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Employment of Trust or Profit whatsoever, and hall also be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums of Money so delayed to be paid, or so diverted or misapplied as aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit or Information in' any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Produce of the said Races, Subsidies, Impositions, Duties and Revenues and proportional Parts of them, or any of them hereby appropriated as aforesaid, shall be so low or deficient, as that the Money arising thereby at the Exchequer shall not extend or be sufficient, according to this Act, to pay and discharge, or to complete the Payment at the End of any Quarter of a Year of all the Money which shall be then due, as well for or upon the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, (besides any Arrearages which shall be then due for or upon the said former yearly Sums of

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 9. 139

six hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thou fund Pounds) then and so often, and in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Quarter shall and may be supplied out of the overplus Moneys of the said Duties and Revenues arising in any subsequent Quarter; and in Default thereof by the Space of Half a War, m.d. then all and every such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, thereof foi hju by or out of the general yearly Fund by another Act of this Session of Parliament establish d or intended 1 Yfe'lr> 'ln lo to be established for redeeming the Duties and Revenues now charged or chargeable in and by several lot of tery acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her said late Majesty's Reign, and certain annual Payments out r, i by ir.tihcr of the hereditary Excise in the said Act of this Session mentioned, or out of Money to be raised at the Ex at this chequer for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities, after a Rate noc exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Session, < C Annum, for every such Deficiency; which Annuity or Annuities shall, by virtue of this Act, be charged on the said gen. r.il yearly Fund, and be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, as other Annui U).,

tics payable out of the said general yearly Fund are intended by the said other Act of this Session to be payable and transferrable, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament

XIII. P. ovided always, and it it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of twoxhci.oooo.oco!. Millions, or so much thereof as shall be called for and be actually advanced and paid by the said Gover o be ap, id tc

- j - j? 1 ] - j -- -) -- 7 # O I

ties and Revenues now chargeable therewith, and towards the redeeming of the said annual Payments out ioam i. ij of the hereditary Excise, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that all and every 'he Annuities. Deficiency and Deficiencies of the said new Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Cen All Ucficvnars turn per Annum, payable to the said Governor and Company by virtue of this Act, shall be supplied and Yk s n made good from Time to Time, when and as often as any such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall appear, made gacd o j out of the said general Fund by the said other Act of this Session of Parliament established or intended to of tl.e General be established as aforesaid, or out of the Money to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing an Annuity or riind> c annuities after a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum for every such Deficiency; which 3 Gc0, 11 CL Annuity or Annuities shall, by virtue of this Act, be charged on the said general yearly Fund, and be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, as other Annuities payable out of the said general yearly Fund are intended by the said other Act of this Selllon to be payable and transferrable, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time The Surplus of or Times at the End of any Quarter of a Year (reckoning the Quarters to end at the usual Feasts the said Duties abovementioned) there shall be an Excess or Surplus of the Adonics brought into the Exchequer of the hfpoicuble by said Rates, Duties, Impositions and Revenues, and proportional Parts of them, or any of them, and such

Excess or Surplus shall remain there, over and above the Money then or before that Time grown due, by cor in pursuance of this Act, for Arrearages of the said yearly Fund of six hundred thousand Pounds, and of the said former yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and for the said Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said growing Annuity of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and for the said new Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be payable upon this Act and every of them, then and so often, and in every such Case, such excel's or Surplus shall, from Time to Time, attend the Disposition of Parliament, and be applied according to Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and not otherwise; 'i'hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And for better enabling the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Company may successors, to raise Adoney to be advanced for or in Part of the said Sum of two Millions, or for carrying on i2" ln Money their Trade and other necessary Occasions: is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their successors from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause, to call in, or direct to be paid from and by their respective Members for the Time being, proportionally according to their respective Interest in the capital Stock or Stocks which do or shall belong to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or by opening their Books of Subscription, or by granting Annuities redeemable by the said Governor and Company, and their successors, or by any other Alethod, Ways and Adcans as they shall think proper, to raise any Sum or Sums of Money, as in a general Court of the said Governor and Company shall be judged necessary, and ordered to be called in; and that all Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees shall be indemnified in paying the Money which shall be so called in; and in case any Members cot such Adember or Members shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share of the said Money so called rws the for, at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose, by Notice inserted in the Linden Gazette, and s"jret* fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London? It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and "iieir Dividends Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, not only to flop the Share, Dividend, C

Annuity and Profits, which shall from Time to Time become payable to such Member or Members so neglecting or refusing, of the Funds, Stocks, Annuities or Profits of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and to apply the same from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of the Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so neglecting or refusing, until the same shall be satisfied, but also flop the Transfers or Alignments of the Share of every such Defaulter, and to charge such Defaulter and Defaulters with an Interest after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Money so by him, her, or them omitted to be paid, until the Payment thereof; and that the Share and Stock, Shares and Stocks of such Defaulter and Defaulters shall be liable to make good and answer the said. Moneys, so appointed to be paid,

T 2 and

140 G. 9. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

and the Interest thereof as aforesaid; in case the Principal and Interest, as aforesaid shall be unpaid by the Space of three Months, then the said Governor and Company of Merchauts ot Great Britain, or their Successors, shall have Power to sell so much of the Stock or Stocks of such Defaulter or Defaulters as will satisfy and pay the same, rendering the Overplus to the Proprietor, if any be; and the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Successors in a general Court, from Time to Time, when they shall judge their affairs will admit thereof, shall or may catife any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so called in, or any Part thereof, to be divided and distributed to and amongst the then Members of that Corporation, according and in proportion to their respective Interest in the capital Stock or Stocks of the same; any former Law or Statute, Restriction or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Company tray

XVI. And for better enabling the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain to raise borrow Money Money to be advanced for or in Part of the said Sum of two Millions, or for carrying on their Trade or under their com other necessary Occasions; It is also hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be monka, lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants, of Great Britain, and their Successors, from Time to Time (in case they shall so think fit) to borrow or tale up Money upon any Contracts, Bills, Bonds, or Obligations, under their common Seal or upon Credit of their capital Stock or Stocks, atfufh Interest, Qr any Part thereof, at such Rate or rates of Interest, for any Time not less than six Months from the A iciaumfe borrowing thereof, as they shall think fit, and to give Security under their common Seal, or by assigning months, "as they or transferring their Stock or Stocks, or any Part thereof, or otherwise, as shall be to the Satisfaction of all think fit.' the Lenders rel peflively: And that such Contracts, Bills, Bonds, Obligations or Securities shall not be Securities not to chargeable with any the Duties upon stamped Vellom, Parchment or Paper; any former Law, Statute, be stamped. Prohibition, p eftridlion or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. The Money to

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much Money as shall be called for be.advanced to by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain from their respective Members, for dkiona" s1: cckd"or n art te Lid Sum of two Millions, shall (if the said Governor and Company think proper) be n ° 1'and be deemed an additional Stock of the said Governor and Company, and shall be written into the Books of the said Company, and each Member thereof shall have Credit in the said Books for his or her pro and transferable portion or Share thereof; and that the Members of the said Company, who shall have a Share or Interest: and devisesbuas n the Stock ot additional Stock of the said Company, shall or may assign and transfer the same in the biatsin'1 Books of the said Company, in such or the like Method, Manner and Form, as are prescribed by the Act or Acts of Parliament and Charter now in Force for Assignments or Transfers of original Stock to be made in the Books of the said Company, or shall or may dispose or devise the same, or any Part thereof, by Will, in such Manner and Form as any Share in the original Stock of the said Company is devise able.

Company to

XVIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and continue a Cot Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors for ever, shall remain, continue and be an'/enjo'y th ir 0112 Body Corporate and Politic by the Name abovementioned, and shall have, hold, receive and enjoy Annuities, C the said yearly Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, until and for the Quarter to end at the Feast of the till redeemed; Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen as aforesaid, and the said yearly Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, and the said Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the same respectively shall be redeemed according to this and their Facto Act; and shall have, hold and enjoy all their Forts, Factories, Acquisitions, Lands, Tenements, heredi j; k, 'i mdcs and laments, foie Benefit of Trade in and to the South seas, and elsewhere, with a perpetual Succession. aeons. ancj a][ Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the said Governor and Company are, or before the making of this Act were entitled by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Grant or Charter now in Force; all which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to them and their Successors (the said former Fund of six hundred thousand. Pounds per Annum, which by this Act is to determine at the Feast of the Nativity of St. John baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, as aforesaid, only excepted) freed and discharged of and from all former Provifes, Powers, apis, Matters and Things whatsoever, for redeeming, determining, or making void the same, or any of them; subject nevertheless to the several and respective provisoes and Powers of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained.

On Repayment

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon ot 1,000, 000). Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Annuities to Successors, of the said Sum of two Millions, or so much thereof as shall be called for and advanced, as aforesaid, without any Discount, Deduction, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of such Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centura per. Annum payable for the same, if any such Arrears shall be then due, then and not till then, the same Annuity Sr Annuities after the Sat of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; this present Act, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

On one yen's

XX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon one year's Notice Noticeatzjfjuoe j 0 be given by Authority of Parliament, at the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist which shall be in 1 lament of the Year f our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, or at any of the said quarterly feast jcjocc, ooool. days, after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, yeatiy Sums to and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or ceufc. their Successors, of the said Sum of ten Millions according to such Notice, without Deduction, Discount or

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 9. 141

Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and upon Payment of all Arrears of the said yearly Sums of five hundred thousand Pounds and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, if any such shall he then due, then the said yearly Sums of five hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

XXI. And in regard it is intended, That after the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven Artcr4 j»ne ' hundred and twenty-three, the said Principal Sum of ten Millions due to the Paid Governor and Company, may be satisfied by any Payments not being less than one Million of lawful Money of Great Bri nut 'fers tain at a Time; and that as the same Principal Moneys shall be paid off, the said yearly Sum of fivetiuni, cco, coc). 4 hundred thous; further provide twenty-fourth

thority of Parliament for Redemption of th laid yearly

thousand Pounds, by this Act payable, as aforesaid; if Payment according to Inch Notice be made by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their.successors, of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than one Million at a Time) in Part of the said Sum of ten Millions; and also if Payment be made of all Arrearages then due to them of the said ycaily Sums of five hundred thousand Pounds, and eight thousand Pounds, or ff much of th.ife Arrearages as shall bear a Proportion to the Principal Moneys, from Time to "r" until the Time of every such Payment such Payment so made to the said Gov

housand Pounds, or fu inucn of those Arrearages as shall near a Pro time to Time remaining unlatisiicd, being computed by the Day, t of Part of the Principal respectively; then from and after every rhen fonwch, rnor and Company, and their Successors, so much of the said yearly")', he ys' LV Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said nwas *- a or Act s of Par to the Moneys

paid ia Part of

Principal, shall cease and determine and be abated anything in this or any former Act iiament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

the the

be made according to the feverrd and respective

tained of or concerning the same, then and not till then, the said Duties, Impositions, additional Impo to be ieteemed

- by Parliament.

the Corpc

Redemption of the said yearly Funds, Annuities or aether annual Payments, shall continue forever, and vcc't.!, t;

have perpetual Succession, and shall hold and enjoy all Sorts, Factories and Acquisitions that they have" " 1 r*erected, eft.tblished or made, or shall erect, establish or make within the Limits prescribed ny the Charter or Charters to them granted, and the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments that are or shall be by them purchased in Great Britain not exceeding one thous. nd Pounds fer Annum, and the said Governor and Company, and the Members thereof, without having any Share or Interest in the said yearly Funds,

Payments or Annuities, or any of them, after the same shall be redeemed, shall have an! be entitled to the folc Benefit of Trade in and to the South sas and Te where, and such Power of Trade in the Fishery, as by any act or Acts of Parliament now in Force is directed, and all other Benefits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages (the said respective Annuities to them iffutg or payable only excepted) as it no such Redemption were had or made; anything in this Act: contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the abili ll Things by ties. Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Francliifes, Privileges, Profits and Advantages what o"ch°a7ter! (never, and all Pains of Death, and other Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and all Rules, Directions" " ^, )) con Methods, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by any former a ft or Acts of Parliament, or tinus for ever, any Clause or Clauses therein, or any Charter or Charters under the Great Seal of Great Britain, are enacted, granted or established, to, for, touching or concerning the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or the Members of the time (being in Force at or until the Time of making this Act, and not hereby determined or altered) shall for ever continue and be practised and be put in Execution, for securing and paying the yearly Fund, Annuities and Payments by this Act directed, subject to the provisoes for Redemption thereof in this Act contained, and also (as well after such Redemption as before) for securing the Possessions, Trade and Business of the said Corporation, and for their Advantage in all Respects, as fully and effecttta ly to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Abilities, Capacities, Powers,

Authorities, Exemptions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits and Advantages, and the said Pains of Death, and other Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and the said Benefit of Trade, Rules, Directions, Methods, Articles, Matters and Things, were severally repeated and at large re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

be made liable to any higher or greater Duties than are now payable for the same

XXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or Resolution Vote of the of the House of Commons, signified by their Speaker in Writing, to be delivered at the public Office cc_ntf, n', i fs of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, shall be sj^ake/ a vf deerned and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act, for redeemir g fitient Notice,

their

142 C io. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

their said yearly Funds or Annuities, pursuant to the Provisoe or Provisoes of Redemption in this Act fdrtltrprtrjfc.rs contained, and at the respective Time or Times therein mentioned; anything herein contained to the amcrukg South contrary notwithstanding.

Sea Cctnpany, 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4 & 11. 7 Geo. 1. c. 7 Geo. i. flat, 2. S Geo. I. C 20, 21 £? 22.9Gw. i. r, 6. 1 Gw. 2. r, 8. 3 Gw.

2. C 16 & 20. 4 Gw. 2. r. 5* 5 Gw. 2. C 17. 6 Gw, 2. C 25 GP 28. 7 Gw. 2. C 17.9Gw. 2. C 34. 10 Geo. 2. f. 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24 Geo. 2,

C 2 & 11. 26 Gw. 2, 16,

CAP. X

An Act for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy.

2 & 3 Ann. 6 I. WHEREAS her late moil Gracious Majesty Queen June, in her Royal Bounty to the poor C " Clergy of the Church of England, and pursuant to and by virtue of an Act of Parliament

I 4m C it', ' made in the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more cjfefiual her majesty's

1 G; C ic, to Gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, l/y enabling her Majesty to

C grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, and cdfo for enabling other Persons to male Grants for the same Purpose, did in and by her Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the third Day of November in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, make, nominate, constitute and appoint the Persons therein named, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy,

with such Powers and Authorities as are therein mentioned and expressed; did in and by the said Letters Patents give and grant unto the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, and their Successors, all the Revenues of the first fruits and yearly perpetual Tenths of all Dignities, Offices, Benefices and Promotions Spiritual whatsoever payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, and all Arrears of the said first fruits and Tenths (except as therein is excepted) to be applied and disposed of by the said Governors thereby constituted to and for such Ends, Intents and Purposes, as in and by the said Letters Patents are contained and directed: whereas the Laws now inkorce relating to the Collection and Payment of that Part of the said Revenue, called the perpetual yearly Tenths, are in e some Cases defective, and in many Instances are found to be inconvenient and improper to be put in f Execution, by reason whereof her late majesty's said Gracious Intentions cannot so well and effectually be answered as they might be, if some new Provisions and Regulations were made and established for the more easy and expeditious levying and paying the said jierpetual yearly Tenths: 'For Remedy therefore of such Defects and Inconveniences, and to the end that the said Governors may be the better enabled to execute the Trust in them reposed, and the poor Clergy may, with greater Ease and Advantage, receive

"she Archbishops the Benefit of the said Royal Bounty; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with and bwhops dif the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament rc' a!sembled, and by Authority of the same, That the most Reverend the Archbishops, and the Right reve petu"i8yeariyel" reftd ce Bishops of England, who by the Statute made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King

tenths. Henry the Eighth, entitled, The Bill for the first fruits, with the yearly Pensions to the King, and by other

26 H. S. C 3. subsequent Statutes, are constituted and appointed Collectors of the said Revenue of the perpetual yearly Tenths within their several Dioceles respectively, and charged with the Receipt and Payment of such Collection, and made accountable for the same, from and after the twenty sixth Day of December last past, be, and each and every of them hereby is clearly exempted, acquitted and discharged of and from the levying, collecting and receiving within their and each of their proper and respective Dioceles, the said perpetual yearly Tenths from thenceforth accruing, of all Dignities, Offices, Benefices and Promotions Spiritual, and of and from being chargeable with, and accountable for the Receipt and Collection of the same,

by force or reason of any of the said Statutes; the said Statute of King Henry the Eighth, or any other Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Ther' shall be

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty sixth Day e" wreda°r ^ecern^er the shall be one Collector or Receiver of the said perpetual yearly Tenths of all Dignities, £; i' "ln£e'Offices, Benefices and Promotions Spiritual whatsoever, granted to the said Corporation of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by the said first recited Act and Letters Patents (which have not been legally discharged by any Act or Acts of parlia who ftailcolleament since made, or otherwise) from Time to Time to be nominated and appointed, which said Collector VI hcievritu any or Receiver shall be and is hereby charged and chargeable to levy, collect and receive, all such Sums of Money, imgni V cis wherewith all and every such Dignities, Offices, Benefices and Promotions Spiritual, are charged and chargeable, and chargeable for and towards the Payment of the said perpetual yearly Tenths, and shall pay and content tte Exdfmemt0 Fid Sums of Money yearly unto the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at tfejhninster, in such Manner and flull beucr' an Form as is herein after mentioned; and every such Collector and Receiver, and his Lands and tene cturgeabie with ments, shall be and Hand charged and chargeable for the lure and true Payment of such Sums of Money the same. as he shall collect and receive of the said perpetual yearly Tenths accordingly; and that such Collector He shall be ap or Receiver shall, from Time to Time, he nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and suc kitv'^and tikece Fors, byhis or their Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and that immediately after an Oath tot the such Nomination and Appointment, and before he takes upon him the Execution of his said Office, every a Execution such Collector or Receiver shall take his Corporal Oath for the due and faithful Execution of his said Office <0/ his Oihce, before any seven or more of the Governors aforesaid for the Time being, in a General Court of the said Corporation (who are hereby authorised and required to give and administer the said Oath from Time to Time

3

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C. 10.

x43

Time accordingly;,) and that every such Collector or Receiver shall likewise give Security to the said Cor and givesecurity. poration, or to such Person or Persons as they in thefr General Court shall appoint, for his true and just accounting for, and Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which he shall receive by virtue of the said Office, and for the due and faithful Execution and Discharge of his said Office, as the Governors at a General Court of the said Corporation at any Time before his taking upon him the Execution of the said Office shall order, direct and appoint; and also that such Collator or Receiver of the said perpetual The Collector yearly Tenths so appointed, as aforesaid, shall and may lawfully, and is hereby authorised and empowered 'lowered to to collect and receive the said Revenue, and to give Acquittances under his Hand to the several and respectj'c'lvc the tive Person or Persons paying the same; whose Acquittance or Acquittances shall be a full and sufficicntgjj^acquit" Discharge to all Persons paying the said perpetual yearly Tenths, or any Part thereof, for so much as they tanecs.

shall respectively pay unto such Collector or Receiver (for every of which Acquittances the Sum of sixpence, and no more, shall be paid) which said Collector or Receiver shall keep his Office in some convenient Place within the Cities of London or Westminster, and shall give Attendance for Receipt of the said He (hill keep perpetual yearly Tenths at such Time or Times as the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for his office in the Augmentation of the maintenance^of the poor Clergy, in their Court shall order, direct and appoint, non."

Dignity, Office, Benefice or Promotion Spiritual, is and shall he obliged to take Notice, and to observeslve" in hc the same accordingly in the Payment of his and their respective Rates, Shares and Proportions of the said lon onga "tt perpetual yearly Tenths, wherewith they or any of them shall be charged or chargeable, without any further Notice to be given them by way of Summons, Demand, or otherwise; and in default thereof to Penalty for fal forfeit to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall amount tolureofi>jyment' double the Value of the said Tenths; and that every such Collector or Receiver shall make Payments of How Collector the said Tenths, and shall pass his Accounts for the same, at such Time and Times, and in such mannersham rafs as the said Archbishops and Bishops were ordered and directed in and by the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose in the twenty sixth and thirty second Years of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, H 8', and of the seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth. 7 Ed. 6. C 4'.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Archbishop or Bishop, archbishops.&c. or any Incumbent of any Dignity, Office, Benefice or Promotion Spiritual, or any other Person or per not paying, the

Certificate thereof made by the Collector or Receiver on or before the first Day of June following, the said his Accounts. Collector or Receiver shall be allowed upon his Account all such Sums of Money, as any Archbishop,

Bishop or Incumbent, or other against whom such Certificate shall be made, (hold or ought to have paid; and that then in every such Case, the Treasurer, Chancellor and Barons of the King's Exchequer for the Time being, shall devise, direct and issue upon every such Certificate, such Process out of the King's i>rocefs to be Exchequer, as to them shall seem proper and reasonable, against every such Archbishop, Bishop or Incum issued ega nit bent, or other against whom such Certificate shall be made, his and their Executors or Administrators, fucj}as i1' whereby such Portion and Part of the said yearly Tenth, wherewith any such Archbishop, Bishop or in d^f.ln cumbent, or other, is or shall be charged, and which shall be unpaid, as aforesaid, shall be truly levied, nun' answered, satisfied and paid into the Hands of the said Collector or Receiver; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so levied, answered and paid, the said Collector or Receiver shall bring to Account, and charge himself therewith, from Time to Time, in his next Account after he shall have received the same.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend, or be This Act shall

taken or construed to exonerate or discharge any Archbishop, Bishop, or any other Person or Persons, not discha.pc before the making of this Act liable to the collecting, accounting for, and answering the said perpetual ar, y Arch bid nap. yearly Tenths, or any Part thereof, for any Sum or Sums of Money wherewith he or they were and are so

respectively charged or chargeable, and not duly answered and accounted for before the making of this Act

And that the find Statute made in the said twenty sixth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Th a A if. H. Eighth, and all and every other Laws, Statutes and Provisions, touching or concerning the imposing, 3. C 3. flwll recharging, assessing and lev ing, and the true answering and Payment of the first fruits, and of the said malniafoice tenths, or touching the Charge, Discharge or Alteration of them, or any of them, or any Matter or Thing relating thereunto, which were in Force at the Time of the making of this present Act, and not hereby or herein before altered or repealed, shall be, remain and continue in their full Force and Eftest, and shall hereafter be observed and put in due Execution, according to the Tenor and Purport of the same, and every of them, in all Things, excepting such as are in and by this Act altered or repealed.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to avoid or any way This Afldialt impeach or affect any Grant, Exchange, Alienation, or Encumbrance at any Time heretofore made of or not avoid any charged upon the said Revenue of the perpetual yearly Tenths, or any Part thereof, but that the same and granh every of them during the Continuance of such Grant, Exchange, Alienation or Encumbrance respectively,

shall be and remain of and in the same Force, Virtue, and Effect, as if this Act had never been made.

44.4

C

11.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis.,

A.D. 1716.

5 Ann. C 14, and

9 Ann. C 25.

13 R. i.stat. 1. C 73.

11 H. 7. C 17. 19 //. 7. f. 11,

33 //. 8, C 8,

5 AC.

23 AC, 10.

J j.ao. 1. C 27, 22 Sf 23 Or. 2. C 25.

+&str.&m.

C 23.

After July to, j 717, no Lord of a Manor shall appoint any game keeper, with Power to kill the Game, except he be qualified so to do, or be a Servant, Sc C

Nor to keep any Greyhound, &c. Unqualified Per ions killing the Game hall he liable to the Forfeitures in the recited Acts.

CAP. XI.

An Act to explain and amend several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Preservation of the Game.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, it is enacted, That it shall and may be law full for any Lord or Lady of his or her respective Lordship or Manor, by Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, to empower his or her game keeper or game keepers, upon his or her own Lordship or Manor,

to kill Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, or any other Game whatsoever; which Power of appointing several

5 game keepers in the same Manor with Power to kill Game, was found by Experience to tend very much

to the Destruction of the Game of this Kingdom: For the preventing whereof, by one other Act of the'£ ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Act of the

6 fifth Year of her Majestfs Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same jnorc effectual, it was enacted, That no Lord or Lady of any Manor shall make, constitute, or appoint,

above one Person to be a game keeper within any one Manor, with Power or Authority to kill or destroy the Game thereof; and that the Name of such Person so to be authorised to kill the Game, shall, from. C Time to Time, be entered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, wherein such Manor does lie; which Power of appointing a game keeper so to be entered, as aforesaid, was manifestly designed to no other Intent or Purpose whatsoever, but that any Lord or Lady might appoint such Person as he or fire should think proper to kill the Game upon his or her own Lordship or Manor, for the foie and proper Use of the said Lord or Lady; such game keeper being expressly restrained by the said first recited Act from selling or disposing of any Game to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without the Con

sent or Knowledge of the said Lord or Lady of such Manor or Manors that had given such Power and Authority as aforesaid: And whereas under Colour and Pretence of the said Power and Authority to kill or take Game for the Use of the Lords or Ladies of any Manor it is become usual and frequent in several Parts of the Kingdom, for Lords and Ladies of Manors to grant Powers and Deputations to the Farmers, C Tenants, and Occupiers of the Lands and Estates lying within the precindls of their respective Manors,

to be game keepers, with Power to kill and delcroy the Game; which Practice is a very great Abuse of e the Powers intended by the said Acts to be granted, and manifestly tends very much to the Destruction of the Game of this Kingdom For Remedy when, <, it enacted by the King's most Excellent ma jessy, by and with the Advice and Consent of tyre u. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoru; me, That from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no Lord ir of any Manor shall make, constitute, or appoint

any Person to be a game keeper, with Potfer Mid hority to take and kill Hare, heafant, Partridge, or any other Game whatsoever, unit: such. Ot qcalintd by the Laws of this Realm so to do, or unless such Person be truly and properly a S rvm.i .0 uf laid Lord or Lady, or such Person be immediately employed and appointed to take and kill the Game for the sole Use or Benefit of the said Lord or Lady, and not otherwise; and that no Lord r Lady of any Manor shall authorise or qualify any Person or Persons whatsoever, not being qualified by the Laws of this Realm so to do, to take or kill any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, or other Game whatsoever, or to keep or use any Greyhound, setting dogs, Hays, Lurchers, Guns, Tunnels, or any other Engine, to kill and delcroy the Game; and that any Person or Persons whatsoever, not being.qualified by the Laws so to do, or not being truly and properly a Servant of any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or not immediately employed and appointed to take and kill the Game for the sole Use or immediate Benefit of the said Lord or Lady, who, under Colour or Pretence of any Power or Authority, Deputation, or Qualification to him granted by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, shall take or kill any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, or other Game whatsoever, or shall keep or use any Greyhounds,

The recited Acts hall remain in Force.

5 Ann, C 14. q Ann. C 25.

Farther Prcvijio: s

appointed to be inflicted by Queen Anne, such Forfeitures to be recovered by such Means, and in such Manner and Form, and within such Time, and to such Uses, as are prescribed by the said recited Acts; anything in the said Acts, or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Acts of the fifth and ninth Years of the Reign of her. said late Majesty Queen Anne, and all other Laws now in Force for the better Preservation of the Game, and all Matters, Powers and Things therein contained, not hereby altered and repealed, shall continue, remain, and be in full Force.

onccrmng Came, % Geo. i, C 39. 10 Geo. 2. 'c. 32. 26 go. 2. C 2. 28 Geo. 2. c. 12. 2 Geo.

3. C 19.

CAP. XII.

of thousand

An Act to empower Commissioners in Commissions of Bankrupts, issued since the four and twentieth Day June one thousand seven hundred and six, and on or before the six and twentieth Day of June one thousa seven hundred and sixteen, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Commissioners of the Great Seal, or two Judges, to confirm the same, notwithstanding the Acts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Anne, are expired; and for continuing a Clause in a former Act for adjuiling Accounts between Bankrupts and their Debtors. EXP, [See 5 Geo. 2. c. 30.j "Persons against whom Commissions issued as aforesaid, and who have not, nor shall not surrender them "isc. before December 25, 1717, shall suffer as Felons. The Clause in Ann. C 17. relating to the "mutual Credit between Bankrupts and others, continued." 2 CAP.

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C. 13. .145

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for contlufting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway.

I. "'IT WHEREAS there hath been Time out of Mind, and now is, a very useful and well regulated^3 >3*

Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity hot: fe of Dover, Deal and the ihe. of Thanet, 1 Td"

who have always had the foie Piloting and Lo d manage of all Ships and Vessels from the said Places up,

the Rivers of Thames and Medway: And whereas by the Usage and good Rules and Orders of the said <2 Or. s. r. i3, ' Society every Person mud appear at a Court of load manag, and be publicly examined by some of the^car.z. ' cider and more experienced Members of the said Society and Fellowship, touching his Skill and Abilki is "/^,

in Pilotage, before he is to be admitted a Member of the said Society or Fellowship, or ought to under., g '

£ take the conducting and piloting any Ship or Vessel from the before mentioned Places up the said Rivers. < An. < 37.

£ whereby ignorant and dangerous Persons have been prevented from undertaking such Pilotage; and there 8 An.

hath been from 'Rhyme to Time a fttfficient Number of safe and able Pilots for the said Rivers maintained rlr.n, C 17.

£ and kept up: And whereas notwithstanding the many and great Advantages of the said Society or Eel ' lowship to the Public, several unqualified Persons have of late taken upon them the piloting and con drafting Ships and Vessels by and from the Places before mentioned up the said Rivers of Thames and Medway, who have not been admitted into the said Society or Fellowship, or undergone any Examination of their Abilities for such Service, whereby the said useful Society or Fellowship hath been much £ discouraged, and several Ships and Vessels, with their Cargo and Mariners, have been lost or in the £ utmost Danger and Hazard For Remedy whereof. Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from After Aug. 1, and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, take upon him or themselves to FJ/'.?° 1>er!'ofl conduit or pilot any Ship or Vessel by or from Dover, Deal or the Isle of Thanet to any Place or Places in shipfro^dover or upon the said Rivers of Thames and Medway, before he or they shall be first examined, as has been usual, &c.puniefs he"' by the Master and Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship for the Time being, touching his or their have been exa abilities, and shall be approved and admitted into the said society or Fellowship at a Court of load manage CD

by the Lord Warden of the cinque ports for the Time being or his Deputy, and the said Mafrer and Wardens for the Time being, every such Person or Persons shall for the first Offence forfeit ten Pounds, house' uh bn for the second twenty Pounds, and for every other Offence forty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered admitted into with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons, by Suit or Action to be brought in the Court of admj thr.t s cisty. ralty for the cinque ports, in case such Offender shall live and be found within the Jurisdiction of the said fjrfloffence jcl. Court, or else by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Retord at .' "^4 "'j Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Privilege, Proteiftion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and no more than one Imparlance; which said Sum or Sums of Money so to be forfeited and recovered. Avail go and be, ho V the Penalty as to one Moiety thereof, to the Informer, and as to the other Moiety thereof, to be paid to and received d

by the Master and Wardens of the said Society for the Time being, to be by them distributed to anil " amongst such superannuated Pilots, and the Widows of Pilots of the said Society, in like Manner and Proportion as th said Master and Wardens for the Time being shall think fit and appoint, and as heretofore hath been used and practised by the said Society.

II. Provided always, That this A CL shall not extend to prevent or hinder the Master or Mate of any fe' Ship or Vessel, or part owner residing at Dover, Deal ox the Isle of Thanet, from conducting or piloting

his own Ship or Vessel from any of the Places aforesaid up the Did Rivers; nor subject any Person or Per tier nj.r.sths3 fons (though not of the said Society or Fellowship to the Penalties aforesaid, who shall be hired by any if none of rife' Master to conduct or pilot his Ship or Vessel from the said Places, provided no one of the said Society or Society see ready Fellowship shall, within the Space of one Hour af.cr such Ship or Vessel shall arrive at any of the said r to £ c Places, be ready to conduct and pilot the same.

III. Provided always, That all Masters of merchant ships shall have Liberty to make choice of such Maoers of Mr pilot of the said Society or Fellowship as he shall think fit; and that no Person shall continue in the said

Society or Fellowship, who shall not conduct or pilot a Ship at least twice in any one Year (unless pie

vented by Sickness) to and from the Places abovementioned. bers of the Sow.

And for preventing any exorbitant Demands from any Pilot or Pilots of the said Society for the C t) hai! pilot

conducing and pi oting any Ships or Vessels from Dover, Deal or the Isle of Thanet to any Places in or t"'!tc a

upon the said Rivers of Thennes and Medway, That the following and no greater or other Prices shall bs of ailot

taken or demanded than what is or are herein after mentioned, viz. For every Ship or Vessel drawing leven; ng( "

Foot Water, the Sum of three Pounds ten Shillings: For every Ship or veftei drawing eight Foot Water,

the Sum of four Pounds: For every Ship or Vessel drawing nine Foot Water, the Sum of four Pounds ten Shillings: For every Ship or Vessel drawing ten Foot Water, the Sum of five Pounds: For every Ship or Vessel drawing eleven Foot Water, the Sum of five Pourds ten Shillings: For every Ship or veff drawing twelve Foot Water, the Sum of six Pounds: For every Ship or Vessel drawing thirteen Foot Water, the Sum of six Pounds ten Shillings: For every Ship or Vessel drawing fourteen Foot Water, the Sum of seven Pounds: For every Ship or Vessel drawing fifteen Foot Water, the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings: Fof every Ship or Vessel drawing sixteen Foot Water, the Sum of eight Pounds: And for every Ship or Vessel drawing seventeen Foot Water, the Sum of eight Pounds ten Shillings; and no Allowance to be made for odd Inches.

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Pilot losing a

V. Provided also, That if any Pilot as aforesaid shall negligently or carelessly lose the Ship under his Ship, incapuci Care, and be thereof convicted by due Course of Law, he shall be for ever after such Conviction incapaci a^apilottated for ahing as a Pilot; and that the Number of such Pilots shall not be less than one hundred and tovno in twenty, whose Names, Ages and Places of Abode shall every five and twentieth Day of March be affixed Number, and in some public Place at the customhouses at London and Dover, to which all Persons may have Recourse iheirnamm, cat seasonable Hours, and for Neglect of not returning every such List of Pilots, the Matter and Wardens tj^master'&c a Society shall forfeit ten Pounds, to be recovered in the cinque ports by any Person who shall

to return such" " for the same.

VI. And whereas diverse Ships and Vessels in bad Weather are forced from their Anchors and Cables, and unreasonable Sums of Money demanded for Salvage by such Persons who take up and carry the said Anchors and Cables on Shore, before the Owners can have such Cables and Anchors restored to them, or else they must apply themselves to the admiralty court at Dover; and such Ships and Vessels mult cither leave their Cables and Anchors behind them, or suffer much more than the Value thereof by b. ing delayed in their Voyage by the necessary Forms of Proceedings, should they stay to have the same determined in the said admiralty courtfor Remedy whereof, and for preventing the like Inconvenienck

List on Penalty of iol.

jui}ed* llantial Persons in each of the cinque ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, to adjust and determine

any Difference relating to Salvage, if any such shall arise between the Mailer of any Veiled and the Person or Persons bringing such Cable and Anchor ashore; which said Persons the find Lord Warden is hereby authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall be forced from her Cables and Anchors by Extremity of Weather, and leave the same in any' Roads within the jurisdihion of the cinque ports, and the Salvage cannot be adjusted between the Persons Tobcditcrmincdconcerned. That then the same shall be determined within the Space of twelve Hours by any one or more in Hums. Gf the said Persons appointed as aforesaid; any Cuilom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

1 lot to hinder

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to hinder any Person or Persons any from shitting from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress at any Time, or subject such Person or Persons to the Penalties Ships "idiftiefs. 0p tjfrs anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Mjfler, cap

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mailer and such two Wardens of pointed to exj the said Society or Fellowship for the Time being, as shall be appointed to examine into the Skill and abi a 1, |v'<orpilots ^fy any fcrdn or Persons on their being first admitted as a Pilot into the said Society or Fellowship, Phan lawoin!aiall take the following Oath, to be given them by the Register of the said Court of loacf manage for the

The Oath.

Not to extend to the Corporation of trinity ihouse ot dept iord sticnd.

To be taken as a public Act

Continuance of this Act. farther conti jmed by

8 Geo. 2. C zj Geo. 2. c. 26

Geo.

Time being or his Deputy, who are hereby empowered to administer the same, viz.

I A.B. do swear, That I will impartially examine and inquire into the Capacity and Skill of Jl in the Art of Pilotage over the Flats and round the Long Sand Head, and the Coasts of Flanders and Holland, and will make true and speedy Return thereof to the lord Warden of the cinque ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, without Favour, affehion, See or Reward;

So help me God

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing or impeaching of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises and Privileges heretofore granted to and velld in the Corporation of the Trinity house of Deptford strond; but that the said Corporation shall hold and enjoy the same, as fully as they might have done in case this Act had never been bad or made; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed, in all Courts within this Kingdom, as a public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special pleading the same.

XI. Provided always, That this Act shall continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. By 7 Geo. 1. Stat. j. C 21. Power is given to the Lord Warden of the cinque ports, with the yiffenl of others in the said Ail mentioned, to make Orders for the Government of Pilots from Dover, &c.

See farther concerning Ships, C 4 Geo. I, C iz. 7 Geo. 1. c. 21. 8 Geo. 1. c. 17 24. ti Geo. 1. c. 29. 3 Geo. 2. c. 36. 5 Gn. z, C

29. 7 Gw. 2. C 15. -9 Geo. 2. c. 25. 10 Geo. 2. c. 14. 14 Geo. 2. c. 39. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34 & 36. 18 Geo. 2. c. 17 & 31. 19 Geo. 2.

z, c9 24 Sf 45. 22 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 33, 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. 29 Geo. 1. c. 27 &? 34, 32 Geo. z, C 16 25. 33 Geo. 2. c. 19.

C 14.

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

id.'

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue an Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for

taking and sating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the publick and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

I. Wf WHEREAS the Honour, Justice and public Faith of Great Britain are all concerned and engaged, That the Agreements in the AA of Union be faithfully and cxadly observed and executed: And whereas by an Acb of this present Parliament, entitled, An let for taking and Jlating \ Geo. ». ft. z,

the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent, in the Terns of the Union; and for Rec 7 ' lies of the Creditors of the Public in Scotland and the of of the Equivalent, his Majesty was im powered to nominate and appoint Commissioners for taking, examining and Rating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent; which Commissioners were veiled with several Powers,

and directed to make up several Accounts, as in the said Act is more fully expressed; and the Commii Ron and Powers thereby granted Should continue in full Force and Virtue from the issuing thereof, for and during the Space of one whole Year and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament; with several other Clauses, and with this particular Proviso, That none of the of to be appointed pursuant to that Ad, Should incur any Penalties, Forfeiture, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, for putting the said Act in Execution: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty pursuant to the said Act have not hitherto, as appears by their Report, brought to any final Conclusion the several Accounts by the said Act directed to be made; partly because their Precepts in some Cases were not an fwered, and in others, not in such Time as to be brought into their Report; partly because of the great and many Difficulties which attend separating and diiiinguishing between the Debts incurred before the Union, and the Debts incurred for the Service of the united Kingdom; both which have been without Distinction provided for since the Union Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, The Powers gi. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in par rn, °hl4maic* liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Powers given to his Majesty by the said Jy >yci, _' Act for nominating and appointing Commissioners for taking and Rating the Debts due and growing due to continued for Scotland by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union, together with nil the other Powers, Clauses one Year, C and Provisoes therein contained, shall be and are hereby continued from and after the Determination of the said Act, for and during the Space of tine whole Year and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers, Accountants and other Officers, C to Persons whatsoever, who can give any Information relating to the said Accounts and Matters in rhis andcb'm, e, theor the former Act contained, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to observe and execute such Orders and cori^ffoncis Directions, as the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty as aforesaid, or any "three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint touching the Accounts by this and the former Act appointed to be taken and Rated.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, It was enacted, t Gen. 1. ft, 2. 4 That for Relief of the Creditors of the Public in Scotland and of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, C. 7until the Accounts in that Ad mentioned Should be taken and Rated according to the true Meaning the re of, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being Should and might, on or before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, ifl ue their or his Order or Orders for the Payment of a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two Pounds eight Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings to the Commissioners of the Equivalent in Scotland or any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, or any two of them, out of any Moneys that had arisen or Should arise by the therein mentioned Revenues of Customs and Excises in Scotland, or ei there of them; which Sum the Commissioners of the Equivalent were directed to apply for Payment of one year's Interest, viz, from the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, of the capital Sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence and five Sixth Parts of 4 a Penny, Rated due to the said Creditors of the Public in Scotland, and for the Payment of the Salaries of the said Commissioners of the Equivalent, and of the Fees and Salaries of their Servants, and necessary Charges for the said Year: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty pursuant to the as aforesaid have not hitherto brought the Accounts thereby directed to be taken and stated to any final Conclusion, so as the Interest of the public Debts of Scotland, which are legally certified, can be there by put into a regular Course of Payment; and it being just, that the Interest which has grown due on the said Debts since the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, together with the Charges of the Commission of the Equivalent in Scotland, Should be in the mean Time provided for Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords Commissioners of the Trea before Sqit. r. fury or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being shall and may, on or before the first Day of September 1717, iletrea one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the civil Establish 1, 1 ft, after payment in Scotland, authorised by an at passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen n Vrihmciii! i Anne, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides aiul Stdns, Vellum and prrcbm&nt, and new Du Scotland vuii, ou

2 ties

C

1 S'

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

f.ecibyioaan.^ e, Stan, Q Satisfaction

arch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, gilt and fiver ifire, and Policies of Insurance, to secure a yean ion of Orders to the Contributors of a further Sum of one Milllion eight hundred thousand

'r Idn, St nr fnr ship hpltev ternnir i/)> t)ufiae rr.i ftnyi/i.er! nrld Tnr nh na

Annum; and conee subscribed into t,

yearly Fund for 'and Pounds to doubts concern rame Kind; Pounds per

incoming Prize coconuts brought from America; and certain Pickets which were intended to be he Stick of the south-sea Company, and for appropriating the Moneys granted in this Session of

ir.iiiicnerf, till. out of the Moneys arisen or to arise out of any the Customs. Excises or Revenues, under the ma ct of the Cm nagement of the Commissioners of the Customs and Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, or either of i: ons and£xciii. them; which Sum of thirty-one thousand five hundred sixty five Pounds two Shillings and five Pence how°tote - halfpenny shall be applied, and the said Commissioners of Equivalent are hereby directed and required to j iitd, ° 1 " P" apply the same for the Payment of two Years Interest: of the capital Sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings ten Pence and five Sixth Parts of a Penny, stated due to the Creditors of the Public in Scotland, by an Act of the twelfth Year of her late majesty's Reign; and of eighteen thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds ten Shillings ten Pence and two Third Parts of a Penny, stated due to William Patcrfon, Esq; by an Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, from the twenty-third of fune one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; for Payment of the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, and of the Fees and Salaries of their Servants and the necessary Charges of the Office for the said two Years; which Sum so to be advancedto the said Commissioners of the Equivalent for the Purposes aforesaid shall be brought into the Accounts and charged upon the Moneys due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union.

IV. And whereas several Difficulties have arisen in receiving the Interest: on Equivalent Debentures, «u?esftai"bc C an<l Gtfier Ways, by Arrestments laid on them in the Hands of the Commissioners of Equivalent in scot stopped onac land, to the great Vexation of the Proprietors: 'For removing thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority count of any aforesaid, That no Debentures, or the Interest: thereon, shall be liable to be stopped on account of any Airdtment laid Arrestment or Attachment that shall be laid on them in the Hands of the said Commissioners, from and af catomission he serie l"11^ ay f dugujl one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or otherwise howsoever.

cis Hands, after August 1. 1717.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Equivalent for Scotland for the Time being shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to secure and retain in their Hands the Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds Sterling, appointed by the fifteenth Article of the Union, for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of coarse Wool in such Shires as the same is or shall be produced, which said Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be applied for the Benefit of the said Manufacture and the wool masters, and tono other Use or Purpose whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

The of may retain IA, CCO 3. to be applied for the Encouragement of the manufacture of coarse Wool.

Sec farther 5 Geo C 20.

13 EH. 1, a.39.' ized.^. c. 1.

Clerks and Officers concerned in parfing Sheriffs Barents or their Accounts,

after the first Ehy ot michaelmas term 1717 to take only th sees fl scified in the Schedule hereafter mentioned,

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs, anti for ascertaining their Sees, and the Fees for filing our their Parents, and passing their Accounts.

FOR the greater Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts, J? Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and i emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the several Officers of his Majesty's High Ccurt of Chancery, Court of Exchequer, and the several Auditors and Receivers of the Revenue of the Crown in Wales, and their respective Substitutes. Agents, Clerks, and all other Officers and Persons whatsoever, having and claiming any Fee or Reward whatsoever to be due and payable to him or them from any Sheriff, deputy sheriff, or under sheriff of any County in England or ifales, for making out his or their Patents or Commissions, or the de dimus for ('wearing them into their Office, or fr entering their Recognisance or Security, or for writing out and Return of their Process, or for their Appofals, or calling out of Court, or for passing their Accounts, or for making their ghiieius, or for any other Matter or Thing whatsoever touching or concerning their Sheriffalty, may. from and after the first Day of michaelmas term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, severally and respectively, for themselves and the Persons for whom they ail or officiate, receive and take for their Pains and Service in the Matters aforesaid, the several Sees or Sums of Money in the Schedule or List hereafter mentioned and specified; which Sees in the said Schedule mentioned the said several and respective Officers, Deputies, Clerks, and other Persons may claim, take and receive, from Time to Time, and shall not demand, take or receive any other or greater Fee or Reward whatsoever in any wise touching or concerning the Premises in the said Schedule mentioned, or any other Ma ter or Thing relating to the Patent or swearing of any Sheriff, or to the passing of his Accounts 5 and if any Person shall offend herein, such Person shall! forfeit to the Party aggrieved five Pounds,

and '

A.D. 1716.

and treble the Sum by

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 35. 149

lim taken over and above th just Fees mentioned in the said sch.dulc, together tn Forfeiture of

with his treble Coils; all which shall be ordered, awarded and given to the Party aggrieved, by (he Court, I. ?t.j Title of Exchequer upon Complaint and Proof of fuel) Offence made and exhibited before the Barons of the etc Sum tam, said Court, in such ftiort and luminary Way and Method as to them shall Rent meet.

1 J J C'plint, by the Exchequer in a summary Way.

II. And whereas the Prefers payable by the Sheriffs of the severed Counties of England, into the Re ' ceipt of the Exchequer at Eajhr and a'/icbacbnas yearly, remain the same at this Day that they anci ently were, although many of the Rents and Certainties out of which the said Payments arise, have of late Years been alienated from the Crown Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the The lmd rrcs

: afury for the Time being, the chan fuicr>' rest of the Barons of that Court, or any two or more or them, man anu may, iron i ime to I tine, at the requell of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Exchequer cor as often as they dial think fit, call before them the Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, commonly called the treasurer's Remembrancer, and the Clerk of tie Pipe, or their Deputies, Secondaries, to f'vc in a f'r and such other Officers as they shall think fit, and shall cause the said Officers, or some of them, to bring before them an Account or Particular of all the Rents and Certainties written out yearly in Proccftes to yearly'vt!"p'ro the Sheriff of each respective County in England to levy for the Crown; and upon due Examination and cess u>sheriffs, Consideration thereof had, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to alter, diminish, and reduce sr.d reduce or establish the several Sums wherewith the said sheriff's stand or shall stand chargeable on the Rollssettle tie lame of Profers in the said Court of Exchequer, to such reasonable and moderate Sums as tq them shall seem just and reasonable, with regard to the Amount or Value of the Rents in each County respectively; and with II g.ni to that Orders of the Court of Exchequer be drawn up pursuant thereunto, and entered upon Record in the the Renu, nj several Offices of his Majesty's Remembrancer, the Lord treasurer's or the Commissioner of the Treafu 0'jc', s to'; ';

fate rears been anenateu irom cue V rown: rac it ltirtner enacted by

Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treaft CC llor and chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and the re any two or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, at the

ry's Remembrancer

his majesty's Remembrancer, the Lord treasurer's or the Commissioner of ir, and Clerk of the Pipe, sometime before the last Day of micbaclmas tcr.

following; and that, from Time to Time, the Sum and Sums of

in then next

terred on Record

doney so reduced, ascertained and set ani the Pent? ft tied, shall be deemed and taken to be the Profers of each respective County, and the Rolls of Profers, settled to be the

from Time to Time, shall be made conformable thereunto; and the said Sum and Sums so reduced, afeer ^rofers ot cmh tabled and settled, as aforesaid, and no other, shall be paid by the said respective Sheriffs for their Profers, t °the5sjfctiff" at the Days and Times, and in the Manner formerly uied for Profers. 7 ntr

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ninth Day of July in the Sheriffs levying Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, all Sheriffs who shall levy any Debts, Du Debts, &c. ex ties or Sums of Money whatsoever, except post fines, due or h reafter to become due to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Process to them directed upon the Summons of the Pipe or Green Wax, or by Levari Facias, out of the Court of Exchequer, shall from Time to Time for their Care, Pains and Charges, and for their Encouragement therein, have an Allowance upon their Accounts of twelve Pence to have is. per out of every twenty Shillings for any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds so by them levied or col Round for the and the Sum of sixpence only for every twenty Shilling, over and above the first one hundred, °°1 znd

i j^i 6 d. for every

or to become due to his, os. above ihy3t

lected; ___..

Pounds; and for all Debts, Duties and Sums of Money, except soil fines

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Process on Fieri facias, and Extint, i filing out of any of the Offices of sum; the Court of Exchequer, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence out of every twenty Shillings, for any ancj cn proccf. Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds so by them levied or collected; and the Sum of twelve Pence by Fi. u. and only for every twenty Shillings over and above the first one hundred Pounds: Provided always such Sheriff Extent, to have shall duly answer the same upon this Account by the general lealing Day of such Term in which he ought p^n/forihe to be dismissed the Court, or in such Time to which he shall have a Day granted to finish 1 is said Accounts, i0oj and by Warrant signed by the Lord Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of the Coif of the said Court for the Sl per Pound.

'd ime being,

and not otherwise.

above.

Provided he answer the same on his Account.

IV. And whereas by Virtue of an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late

the apprehending of Highwaymen; an id late Majesty King whum the Thin

Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for encouraging

one other Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of his said late Majesty King ie hum the Third to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom and of one other Act made in the fifth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for encouraging the apprehending of housebreakers, the respective Sheriffs of England and Wales are obliged to pay the fev.rai Rewards of forty Pounds, as in those acts is directed upon the Convictions of Highwaymen, Clippers, Coiners, or housebreakers, to such per son or Persons who shall bring to such Sheriff a Certificate under the Hand of the Judge or Justicss before whom such Offenders were convicted, directing Payment thereof, under the Penalty of forfeiting to the Party entitled thereunto double the Sum so certified, with treble Costs of Suit; which said Reward of forty Pounds being so paid, as aforesaid, is by the said several Acts ordered to be allowed to such sheriff upon his Account; and if there should not be remaining in the Hands of such Sheriff, Moneys sufficient for that Purpose, and in such Case the Surplusage occasioned thereby, should be, epa: d to such sheriff.by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the ime being, out of the Revenue of the Crown, upon Certificate thereof from the Clerk of the Pipe, or by the Auditor of

& 5 W. & AT., C S.

6 & 7 W. & M. C 37.

5 Ann. c. 31, -.

ivalesy as by the said respective may more at large appear: And whereas since the making of the said als it hath been found, that many Sheriffs have been put under great Difficulties and Inconvenien

cies

After 0 July 1717, Sheriff' not obliged to

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

150 C 15*

foratorshend ces hereby, not only by reason of paying down great Sums of Money for the Rewards aforesaid, before it, g Highway the publick Revenue writ out to them in Process could be levied or colleried by them, but also by rea men, orcom son that such Sheriff cannot have a Certificate of his Surplusage front the Clerk of the Pipe, or the au eis, 'cor ditor of ivalcs, until he hath fully finished his Account, and be dismissed the Court, by which Means brnm 'vthe'*tie Sheriff is kept a long Time out of his Money so disbursed for the Rewards aforesaid Be it therefore judge's Certifi enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff shall be obliged to bring or charge in his Accounts Aie of the con any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Reward abovementioned, or any of them, from and after vietian and Re the ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, but shall and may immediately apply for i'an 'en'tkkd totne ar, e to L01'd High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the 'i'reasury for the Time tifereward^., p being, who upon inspecting a due Certificate of the Conviriion of such Offender or Offenders, for which ply to the Lord such Reward shall be ordered to be paid, as aforesaid, by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, toge treasurer, aether with the Receipts or Acquittances of the Parties entitled to receive the lame, shall forthwith repay to h'n° the's ?3y ^"UC^ Sheriff' r Sheriffs respectively, all such Moneys so disbursed and paid as aforesaid, without any Fee nmt ums or Rswar(] whatsoever; anything in the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff or under sheriff shall be attached or attached, C taken into Custody by any Officer of the Court of Exchequer, or other Person whatsoever, for not being for not Snipingappefed upon any Writ or Process, for not finishing his Accounts in due Time, or for any Contempt of^Neglect whatsoever relating to his Accounts but by Writ under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer,

nndet the Ex or by Warrant for that Purpose to be signed by the Lord Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of the Coif clvechier seal, or of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, to be executed by the Marsha) of the said Court, or by Warrant of a his Deputy; in which Warrant the Name of such Sheriff or under sheriff shall be particularly inserted, Act shei ist" ash his Offence particularly specified and expressed.

Name and his Offence to be inserted.

diflnufed without Fee.

Sheriff shall be

Xo clerk, C

VI. And for preventing Delays and unnecessary Attendance of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, Be it concerned in enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of michaelmas term in the Year of a'craim' sour l°rd one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, if any Officer, Clerk or other Person concerned in binder the same, or about the passing of Sheriffs Accounts, shall wilfully retard or hinder any Sheriff' in the passing of his or prevent h's Accounts, or by his wilful N eg left or Absence, or by other undue Means or Ways, prevent any Sheriff being apposed, from being apposed or caff out of Court in due Time, or after Payment or Tender of his or their due Payment" Fees herein ascertained, shall refuse or neglect to inrol, make out, sign and deliver his Quietus in due Tender of the Time, in every such Case the Person so offending shall make such Recompense and Satisfaction to the Party Tee, shall re aggrieved as shall be adjudged, ordered or decreed by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, upon Complaint fn >, C to thereof made and exhibited before them, in such short and fumnrary way and method as to them shall seem meet,

masce out, &c.

his Quietus, on Penalty of such Satisfaction as the Barons shall order in a summsry Way

No Sheriff in England, (except for Chester, C who shall be in Surplusage by any disburse ments for the icing's Service, (except ths Revs ards appointed by the acts supra) shall be 6 bhged to take out a Record of such Surplusage, but may apply to the Ld. Treasurer, who is to pay the same on producing the

VII. And whereas it frequently happens that a Sheriff may disburse more Money for the Service of the Crown than his whole Charge amounteth unto, by reason whereof such Sheriff' muff necessarily be in Surplusage upon his Account: And whereas such Surplusage cannot be obtained by the usual Course of the Exchequer, but by Record of Surplusage, which is very dilatory and expensive to the Sheriff Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of michaelmas term aforesaid, if any Sheriff of any County in England, except the Counties Palatine of Chejlrr, Durham and lancajhi'i and the several Counties of jfales, which do not pass their Accounts before the Clerk of the Pipe) shall happen to be in Surplusage upon his Account, by reason of any Disbursements whatsoever by him made for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (other than for the Rewards of forty Pounds severally and respectively allowed and given by virtue of the several Acts herein before mentioned, to such Persons as shall. apprehend a Clipper, Coiner, Highwayman or houi ebreaker) such Sheriff' shall not be obliged to take out a Record of Surplusage for the same, hut shall and may apply to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for the Payment of such Surplusage, who are hereby required and authorised to pay the same upon the sheriff's pro during a Certificate of such Surplusage from the Clerk of the Pipe, or his Deputy.

Clerk of the pipe's Certifi rate thereof.

sheriffdjingbe 4

VIII. And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen by the Death of Sheriffs during the Time of expired h^s'u's 4 t^eir Sheriffalty Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any iligh sheriff' of any County of ocr 'ilenff th M England or jfales shall happen to die before the Expiration or Determination of this Year, or before he erec.ite ihs rfm. he lawfully superseded, in such Case the under flicriff or deputy ihcriff by him appointed shall never in tly dece.ifej theless continue in his Office, and shall execute tyre same, and all Things belonging thereunto, in the shv.rft'sn"^ Name of the said deceased Sheriff", until another Sheriff' be appointed for the said County and sworn, in sworn^=and he m3nne!r 33 Is herein after directed; and the said under sheriff or deputy sheriff shall he answerable for the answerable for Execution of the said Office in all Things, and to all Respects, Intents and Purposes whatsoever, during the Execution such Interval as the high sheriff so deceased would by Law have been if he had been living; and the sc thereof as the curity given to the high sheriff so deceased by the said under sheriff, and his Pledges, shall ffand, remain, Ctccafed shoum anja Security to the King, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Persons whatsoever, for such Undertime Security gi sheriff's due Performance of his Office during such Interval.

Ven by the u tjer i'heji.tfis to corit nue0

3

IX

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

C

i5

*5

IX. And whereas it frequently happens that the Process issuing out of the Court of Exchequer, for levying Debts and Duties due to the Crown, may lie in Dart executed by a Sheriff before he be super feded, and afterwards in Part by the subsequent Sheriff, and no Provision hath hitherto been made for settling and adjusting the Distribution of the Fees and Poundage claimed and demanded by them in such Cases Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Shcriif shall, wlv n a Sheriff by Process out of the Court of Exchequer, fei/.e or extend any Goods, chattjs or personal Estate, into k'12' tiyo.ts.&c. the Hands of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Debts or Duties due to the Crown, and shall die, or be superseded, before a Writ of Venditioni Exponas be awarded to him for Sale of the same, or be or j, Vun;, ..i fore such Sheriff hath made actual Sale thereof, and a Wiit shall afterwards be awarded to a subsequent before Suit; and Sheriff who by virtue thereof shall make Sale or Disposition of ltich Goods, Chattels and personal lftate llc fabfcqucnc so seized or extended by such preceding Sheriff, as aforesaid, in such Case the Barons of the Court of Ex ^lcrl<^7jkcs chequer, if then sitting, and if not sitting, the said Barons or any one of them, being of the Degree of the yhaciicqurr Coif, shall order, settle and apportion the Fees or Poundage due for such Seizure and Sale betwixt such mayapportion preceding and subsequent Sheriffs, in such Manner and Proportions as to him or them shall seem meet, the Fees, C with regard to the Expense and Trouble each respective Sheriff hath had or shall have in the Execution |wtw "n, tic of the said Process.

And whereas the Office of under sheriff, and other Offices and Places in the Disposal of the High shetiff.

ilieri/f, have of late Years been frequently sold, and let to Farm, contrary to the fever.il Statutes here tofore made for restraining Sheriffs from such Practises, and contrary to the Oath and Duty of a Sheriff,

whereby many and great Inconveniences have happened to the Subjects of this Realm by the Opprcf

fions and Exactions of under sheriffs, Bailiffs, and other Officers concerned in the Execution of the king's Process For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after After Sept. 29,

the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen,

it shall not be lawful to or for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to buy, fell, let, or take to Farm, office nf Under.

the Office of Under sheriff, Deputy sheriff, seal keeper, county clerk, shire clerk, Gaoler, Bailiff, orfteriff, C

any other Office or Place pertaining to the Office of high sheriff of any County or Shire in England or

Wales, or to contrail for, promise, or grant for Money, or other Reward or Benefit, the said Offices or

Places, or any of them; nor to give, take, promise or receive any other Consideration whatsoever for theon Forfeiture cf

laid Offices, or any of them, directly or indirectly by themselves, or any Person in Trust for them, or for Kw the

their Use; whosoever shall offend therein shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, a Moiety other totltewo

whereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons fecu for; to be

as shall fuc for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the recovered in any

Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor " "

more than one Imparlance; Provided, That such Suit be commenced within two Years after such pr ofe'cuiipn

Offence committed and not otherwise. within a Years.

XI. Provided, That nothing in this act before contained shall any ways hinder or prevent such High nothing ante sheriff from constituting and appointing an Under sheriff or Deputy sheriff, to act in his Head, as by Law shall hinder a he may and ought to do; nor to hinder the Under sheriff in case of the high sheriff's Death, when he acts high sheriff as high sheriff, from constituting or appointing a Deputy, which he is hereby impowerei to do; nor to f'Of' fpoftl.y

Sheriff or Under sheriff, from demanding, taking or receiving tu: r' er "r, '

hinder, prevent or abridge such Sheriff or Under sheriff, from demanding, taking or receiving the just[, [, noranun_ and lawful Fees and Perquisites of the Office of Sheriff, or any Place or Employment pertaining thereunto, der (hcriffafling or for taking Security for the due answering the same; nor to discharge, hinder or prevent such under as high sheriff sheriff, Deputy sheriff, seal keeper, county clerk, shire clerk, Gaoler, Bailiff or other Person, having 1, 11 Dc, tll» or executing any Place or Office under such Sheriff, from accounting to the High sheriff for all such just po?ntin°"ade and lawful Fees and Perquisites as shall by them, or any of them, be taken and received in their respective nnr from Offices, Places or Implovinents, nor for giving Security so to do; nor to hinder or prevent the High ihe taking thefees, riff from allowing or securing such Salary or Recompense to his Under sheriff, Deputy sheriff, seal keep u 1101 if er. county clerk, shire clerk, Gaoler, Bailiff or other Officer, for the Execution of the said Offices, sheriff Places or Employments, or any of them, as to him shall seem meet; nor to hinder or prevent the Under &c.rromaccoua sheriff, deputy sheriff, seal keeper, or other Officer or Person aforementioned, from taking and receiving ting for Fees, such Salary and Recompense for his or their Pains and Services therein.' C nor hinder

the shcult tiom

allowing sauiies to his Under sheriff See, nor the under sheriff from receiving the i.ime.

XII. And for the more effectual enforcing and obliging the respective Clerks of Affixes, Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Commissioners of Sewers, Clerks of the Market, town clerks, or other Persons to whom it doth or may belong to make Returns of Ellreats into the Court of Exchequer to make out and deliver their respective Ellreats, Duplicates, Certificates and Schedules in due Time,

so teat the Sheriff may not be hindered or retarded in the passing his Account for want of the said Ellreats according to the Direction, Purport and Intent of an Act made in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, entitled. An act' al for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty, and made per pctual by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King ivil

b. c. it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the penaltiesbefidcs the Pe

Ham and Queen Ma.

mentioned in the said Acts, Court of Exdiequer, from Tin Peace, Clerk of the Commissioners or ei her of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Barons ofnajllcs in tiia e to Time, to amerce such Clerk of the Affue, Clerk of the of Sewers, Clerk of the Market, town clerk, or other Per mad(. rec, pet uii '

son.

by 4 & 5 V Sc son, to whom it doth or may belong to make Returns of Estreats into the said Court of Exchequer, as

mc. 24. §. 4. aforesaid, for refilling, neglecting, or omitting to perform and do his or their Duty in returning the said am\aarcierk sof ^: reats' at the Times and according to the Direction, Purport and Intent of the said two Aits, and to the Affixes cause the said Amerciaments to be levied and answered by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as

for refuting, other Amerciaments let in the said Court may or have been uled to be done.

Scc. to return

Estreats, and may cause such Amercements to be levied as usual. T

XIII. and for preventing of Oppressions and Injuries which may happen to his majely's Subjects, by the Abuse of Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and others, employed in levying and collecting any Debts, Duties or Sums of Money, due or hereafter to become due to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Process of the Court of Exchequer: ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid - no Sheriff, under sheriff, Bailiff, or other Person employed in levying or co lecting any of the said Debts, Duties or Sums of Motley, Ural I take, alk, or receive any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward v'hatfcever, of the Person or Persons liable

levied or collected; which Acquittance such Officer is hereby required to give and deliver to the Person upon or from whom such Debt shall be levied, collected or received; and the Bailiff or other Person receiving such Debt or Sum of Money shall, from Time to Time, answer and account for the same to the Sheriff or his Deputy, and may require an Acquittance also from such Sheriff or his Deputy for suck Sum, who are hereby required to give the same without any Fee or Reward; and of and from such Debts or Sums of Money so levied, collected or received as aforesaid, the said Sheriffs and every of them, shall effectually discharge the said Debtors and Persons respectively by totting and answering the same to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon their respective Accounts in the Exchequer: And in case any Sheriff, Under sheriff' or Deputy sheriff shall nichil or not duly answer to the Crown any Debt or Sum of Money so levied, collected or received, such Sheriff, Under sheriff', or deputy sheriff for every such Offence shall forfeit treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, and double the Sum so nichil led or not duly answered as aforesaid; which said Damages and Penalty shall be ordered, decreed and given to the Person aggrieved, by the Court of Exchequer, upon Complaint and Proof of such Abuse as aforesaid made and exhibited before the Barons of the said Court, in such Short and summary Way and Method, as to them hall seem meet: And in case any Sheriff", under sheriff', Deputy sheriff, Bailiff or other Person shall presume to demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, be the same more or less, of any Person whatsoever, from whom any Debt or Sum of Money is or shall be due and payable to the Crown by Process out of the Court of Exchequer, for or in respect or upon Pretence of executing the said Process, or for or in respect or upon Pretence of Fees due to them, orany of them, for collecting or receiving the same, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any of the Officers or Persons aforesaid shall demand, take and receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever for not levying or forbearing to levy any Debts, Duties, or Sums of Money, which are or shall be due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and written out to them or any of them, by the Process aforesaid: In all and every such Case every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken, and is and are hereby adjudged, deemed and taken to be guilty of Extortion, Injustice and oppress ft011; and all and every such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit for every such Offence treble Damages and Costs to the Party aggrieved, and double the Sum so extorted: All

which Damages and Penalties shall be ordered, decreed and given by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer upon Complaint and Proof of such Extortion made and exhibited before them, in such Short and, summary Way and Method, as to them shall seem meet as aforesaid; such Conviction be had and made within two Years after such Offence committed, and not otherwise.

Extortion; and forfeits treble Damages, C to the Party grieved, and double the Sum extorted to be ordered as above, if Conviction be after such Offence.

But the Sheriff'

XIV. Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to deprive any Sheriff of such may take such poundage or Allowance as is allowed and given to them by virtue of this Act, or of such Poundage, Al -- potirid^age, C ]ov/ance or Reward as may hereafter be made, allowed and given to them, or any of them, by Warrant a<ajvo"by war or Order from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer ranr of thetrea or Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, for or in respect of any extraordinary Service to fury, C for any the Crown that may happen to be performed by them, or any of them; but that the said Sheriffs shall and esfvicfnathe may eajoy DU Benefit and Advantage of such Poundage, Allowance and Reward without any Impeach crown to'6 mentor Moleliation whatsoever; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not withfhnding.

All Orders C

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Orders or Decrees shall be made by for Softs, C the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for Costs, Damages and Penalties in the Cases aforementioned, ordered by this or any of them, or in any other Case in this Act hereafter mentioned, by virtue and in pursuance ot ui; Aa, in alum Act, in such Short and summary Way and Method as is herein before directed and prescribed, shall Dye ft^thave^the 'he faitle Effect, Force and Virtue, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Order or Decree of the same same Force Court; and the said Costs, Damages and Penalties shall be raised, levied and obtained by such Process, or other Orders 'v/ays and Methods, as are used in the said Court to enforce a Compliance with any other Orders or de of the Exche crees of the same Court. 2

ftuer. And such

Sorts, &c. iliail be raised, C by such Process, cas are used there.

XVI

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 15. 153

XVI. And for iifctrtaining the Fees for executing of Writs of Elegit, so far at the fmc relate to the £' extending of real Estates, and for ascertaining the Fdcs for executing of Writs of Ualcre facias Pffififionan fl, aut seifiimln; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, '1 hat from and after the last Day of Michaelmas fac? i'offci: '. &c. term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen it shall not be lawful for any take jbovc i Sheriff, under fhctiff, Deputy ihei iff or their Bailiffs, or for the Bailiff of any Franchise or Liberty, orpcr j

in.y of them, by Reason or Colour of their Office or Offices, or by Reason or Colour of their executingl^ f', 5'^'116 Of any Writ or Writs of Habere facias Peffcjfimcin aut Seifinam, to demand, ask or receive any other or, ha0 die greater oo nfidcra tion, See, Gratuity or Reward, than is hereafter mentioned, (which shall be lawful to whole «c«qi lie demanded rind taken) that is to say, the Sum of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings of the yearly not tocl pc Value of any Manor, Messuage, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof Possession or Scifin (cr

b. c. by them or any of them given, where the whole exceedeth not the yearly Value of one hundred 70i- jjrr)c Pounds, and the Sum of sixpence only for every twenty Shillings per Annum over and above the said year tic nid yoiy -

ly Value of one hundred Pounds. v*luc

7 3; sc'ci,

C ret. 5. ni moryit to ie tj!: ca oaui Itsunt uit i u.

XVII. And whereas it often hnpperts that small Sums only ate remaining due prunes and Recognizances given, acknowledged and entered into for.gre j Sums and

theless in these Cases upon 'executing of Writs of Capias ad fati V ./? takes for his Fees Poundage for the whole whole Money for which fuci ju

'imtrr. ur '.vtv, the iftierht jvr.isrup. and lujc menu, 'S'ruitcs r ilcnog nizances are entered or acknowledged; which poundage/often far exceeds t!". 1/chts due to th r tinti. in such Writs : For remedying of which Grievance and Inconvenience, Be it enacre L try h. avpkority pountjigo shall a so repaid, That from and after the said last Day of michachnas term one thousand seven hundred and seven net be taken for teen Poundage shall in no Case be demanded or taken upon executing of any Writ of Capias ad satisjacien executing any Hum, or 'uptin charging any Person in Execution by virtue of such Writ, for any greater Sum than the real 'Debt bona fide due and claimed by the Plaintiff amounfeth 'unto; which Sum the Plaintiff shall he and (of whichv»t is hereby obliged to mark and specify on the Back of such Writ, before the same be delivered to the Sheriff is paid) to be executed j and in case any Sheriff, under sheriff, deputy sheriff, Bailiff or other Person shall of fr any greater send agaitift the true Meaning hereof, by taking any greater Fees, Gratuity or Reward, than is herein be fore allowed, every such Person so offending as aforesaid, 'and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be puinoff'0 adjudged, deemed and taken, and is and are hereby adjudged, deemed and taken to be guilty of Extortion, wh0 is to mark Injoffice and Oppression; all and every such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted as the same on the aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit to the Party aggrieved treble Damages, and double the Sum Bsck f the so extorted; which said Damages and Penalties shall be ordered, decreed and given to the said aggrieved 'Vrt ._ by the Court out of which such Writ or Writs issued, upon Complaint and Proof of such Extor ctrjnding, tion made and exhibited before the Judges of such Court, in such short and luminary Way and Method, is guilty of Leas to them shall seem meet; and over and above the said Damages and Penalties, every such Person so of tortion. C sending and convicted as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof {haldn ", or be to the ring's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Per"] fetns as shall sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of party crieved the Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Eifoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, treble Damages, nor any more than one Imparlance; Provided such Suit be commenced within two Years after such of anii double the fence committed, 'and not otherwise; provided likewise, That no Person be sued or prosecuted virtue of this at 'for any Offence of this kind committed before the said last Day of michaelmas term one fc com which thousand seven hundred and seventeen. jfiued the Writ,

*. 1 n 2 fatnniary

Way, and also Col, one Half to the King, the other to the Prosecutor, in any Court at Westminster, if such Suit; be commenced within two yeas.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That instead of the Oath usually administered to Sheriffs at the entering upon their Offices, the following Oath 'shall be taken by them and each of them respectively, excepting the Sheriffs of the several Counties in Wales., and of the County Palatine of Chesters,

(videlicet, )

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly serve the King's Majesty in the Office of Sheriff of the xhe highsh? ' i 'County of ', and promote his Majesty's Profit in all Things that belong to ijffw* oh

Office, as far as I legally can or may; I will truly preserve the King's Rights, and ail that belongeth to the Crown; I will not assent to decrease, lessen or conceal the King's Rights, or the Rights of his

"* Franchises; whensoever I shall have Knowledge that the Pvights of the Crown are concealed or

withdrawn, be it in Lands, Rents, Franchises, Suits or services, or in any other Matter or Thing, I wall do mykitmost to makethem be.restored to the crown again,; tanduf I may not doit myself. Twill certi fy and inform the King thereof, err forne of his Judges; I will not tefpite cor delay to levy the King's ' Debts For any Gift, Promise, Reward or "Favour, where; I may raise the dame without great Grievance

to the Debtors; I will do Right, as well to Poor as to Rich, in all Things belonging to my 'Office; {

will "do no Wrong to any man.'for any Gift, Reward or Promise, nor, for Favour or Hatred I will di flurb no man's Right, and will truly and "faithfully acquit at the Exchequer all those of tvhom I shall receive any Debts or Duties belonging to the Crown; I will take nothing whereby the king.may.lose, or whereby his Right may be disturbed, injured or delayed; will truly; ret urn anthtruly serve all the king's

15 + C 15. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Writs according to the hest of my Skill and Knowledge; I will take no Bailiffs into my Service, but such as I will answer for, and will cause each of them to take such Oaths as I do, in what belongeth to their Buffness and Occupation; I will truly set and return reasonable and due Issues of them that be within my Bailiwick, according to their Fflate and Circumstances, and make due Panels of Persons able and sufficient, and not suspected or procured, as is appointed by the Statutes of this Realm; I have not sold or let to farm, nor contracted for, nor have I granted or promised for Reward or Benefit, nor will ' I fell or let to farm, nor contract for, or grant for Reward or Benefit, by myself or any other Person for me, or for my Use, directly or indirectly, my Sheriffwick or any Bailiwick thereof, or any Office belonging thereunto, or the Profits of the same, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; will truly and diligently execute the good Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and in all Things well and truly behave

myself in my Office, for the Honour of the King and the Good of his Subjects, and discharge the same

according to the befi of my Skill and Power.

So help me God.'

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Oath shall be taken by all under sheriffs of any County or Counties of South britain, except the several Counties of Wales, and County Palatine of Chester, before they enter upon the execution of their Offices respectively (videlicet)

Tin; under the ' T AP. do swear. That I will well and truly serve the King's Majesty in the Office of under sheriff

riff's new Oath. C j[ of the County of, and promote his Majesty's Profit in all Things that belongto

C the said Office, as far as I legally can or may; I will preserve the King's Rights, and all that belongeth to the Crown; I will not assent to decrease, lessen or conceal the King's Rights, or the Rights of his Franchises; whensoever I shall have Knowledge that the Rights of the Crown are concealed or withdrawn, be it in Lands, Rents, Franchises, Suits, or Services, or in any other Matter or Thing, I ' will do my Utmost to make them be restored to the Crown again; and if I may not do it of myself, I ' will certify and inform some of his Majesty's Judges thereof; I will not respite or delay to levy the King's Debts for any Gift, Promise, Reward or Favour, where I may raise the same without great Grievance to the Debtors; I will do Right as well to Poor as to Rich, in all Things belonging to my Office; I will do no Wrong to any Man for any Gift, Reward or Promise, nor for Favour or Hatred;

I will disturb no man's Right, and will truly and faithfully acquit at the Exchequer all those of whom ' I shall receive any Debt, Duties or Sums of Money belonging to the Crown; P will take nothing whereby the King may lose, or whereby his Right may be disturbed, injured or delayed; I will truly return, and truly serve all the King's Writs to the best of my Skill and Knowledge; I will truly set and return reasonable and due Issues of them that be within my Bailiwick, according to their Estates and Circumstances; make due Panels of Persons able and sufficient, and not suspected, or procured, as is appointed by the Statutes of this Realm; I have not bought, purchased, or taken to Farm, or con trafted for, nor have I promised, or given any Consideration, nor will I buy, purchase or take to Farm, ' or con trade for, promise or give any Consideration whatsoever, by myself, or any other Person for me or for my Use, directly or indirectly, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the Office of Under sheriff of the County of, which I am now to enter upon and enjoy, nor for the

Profits of the same, nor for any Bailiwick thereof, or any other Place or Office belonging thereunto; I ' have not sold nor contracted for, or let to Farm, nor have I granted or promised, for Reward or Bene fit, by myself or any other Person for me or for my Use, directly or indirectly, any Bailiwick thereof, ' or any other Place or Office belonging thereunto; I will truly and diligently execute the gcod Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and in all Things well and truly behave myself in my said Office for his Majesty's Advantage, and for the Good of his Subjects, and discharge my whole Duty according to the best of my Skill and Power. *- 1

'so help me God.'

How and by Which said Oath is hereby ordered and enacted to be administered and given by such Commissioners as whom the said shall be named and authorised to administer the foregoing Oath to the High Sheriff in the Country, when udniinifired nr 1° often as a Commission or Dedimus shall be sued forth of the proper Court for that Purpose, or by 'larmn' 1'the Barons of the said Court, or one of them, when the said Sheriffs desire to be.sworn in Town,

Sheriffs of

XX. Provided that the Sheriffs of jfales, and the County Palatine of Chester, shall not be obliged to

the he aforesaid Oaths, or either of them, but shall still take the usual and accustomed Oaths as they eld Oath with have formerly done (except the Words following, C videlicet, Ye shall be dwelling in your own proper an omat.on. ' Person within your Bailiwick, for the Time ye shall continue in the same Office, except ye be other wise licensed by the King)' which Words shall hereafter be left out of the said Oaths,

This Act not to

XXI. Provided that this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the Sheriffs of lon extend to she an(j Middlesex, the County Palatine of Durham, the County of Westmorland, or to the Sheriffs of any as to°thdr' City or Town being a County of itself, or to any of them, as to their placing in or disposing of any of (fifpofing of the the Offices, Places or Employments of their under sheriffs, county clerks, Bailiffs, or other Officer?, Offices of Un or their Continuance therein.

k r sheriff, C '

XXII. And whereas by an Act made in the four and five and thirtieth Years of King Henry the

34 & 35 H, 3. ' Eighth, entitled. An act for certain Ordinances in the King's Mapefy's Dominions and Principality of C a6. ' Wales, It is (among! other Things) enacted, That there shall be Sheriffs in every of the twelve Shires.

of ifales, yearly appointed by the King's Majesty; that the said sheriff's shall yearly account before

such.

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 15. 155

such the King's Auditor or Auditors as shall be assigned and appointed by the King's Majesty for his Do sheriff". in Walei

minion of I vales b. c. it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said She

rift's of ivales shall not be compelled to appear to be appofid in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, hut b foie the jiinii* ilial! account before his Majesty's said Auditor or Auditors of the Principality of Wales, and not else tonof wjic. where.; any Law, Statute, Custom. or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: that the Quietus oonj havcther the faiil Sheriffs, under the auditor's Hand, or his Deputy, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the said She tt'p113 llsn '1 rifts in that Behalf. _. b; t', cm'

XXIII. And whereas by the Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King '3*4 Csr -

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing t!: C unnecejfnrj Charge of Sheriffs, and for Eafc in'21 "

passing their Accounts, It was (amongst other Things) provided, i'hat the Sheriffs of the County of

Chester, Lancajkr and Durham, being Counties Palatine, as to their Manner of accounting, should ac c ' count before the respective Auditors of the said Counties only, and not elsewhere; ' Be it enacted and acc^n't'l"a5 (iy declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Auditors of the said Counties, oi their Deputies, the said Act, by virtue of their respective Offices, shall and may take, state and allow the Accounts of the Sheriffs ofbeiorcilieau the said respective Counties, and appose the said Sheriffs respectively touching the Execution of the pro l|t0rs bofl cess to tlrtm respectively directed, called the King's Process; that the said respective sheriff's, nponttcu their such their Accounts touching the premiil'cs, shall and may have, sue forth, and obtain their respective Quietus &c. Quietus ef and Discharge from the said respective Auditors or their Deputies, according to their ancient from those couife and Usage of the sheriff's of the said Counties Palatine only. Auditors.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs of the City and County sheriff of the

of the City oi Chester, and their Successors, shall and may account, as formerly, before the Mayor of the cily chester same City, and his Successors (for the Time being) for and touching all such Matters and Things as mcrmic'.;: have been heretofore granted from the Crown to the same City in and by their several and respective Charters.that Cty, for all

- Things granted by their Charters.

XXV. And as for and concerning all other Matters and Things whatsoever, not mentioned to be grant Eot for other ed in or by the Charters of or to the same City, and for which the sheriff's of the same, City are or ought Matters before to be accountable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors: It is hereby further declared and enacted by Oounw" as the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs of the said City of Chester, and their Successors, shall at all the sheriffs'of* Times hereafter account for and concerning the same, before, and be apposed by, and obtain their Quietus that County ejl and Discharge from, the Auditor of the County of Chester, or his Deputy, in like Manner as the she a above ap riffs of the said County of Chester are by this Act appointed to do, and not elsewhere, or in any other p0lnti: J to ia manlier whatsoever.

The SCHEDULE or LIST in the act mentioned, viz.

A SCHEDULE of FEES to be paid for passing the Patents of the several Sheriffs of England and Wales,

The Charge taken and received in the Court of Chancery on account of suing out of the Patents of the several Sheriff's of England, and Wales, that are sued out there, for each the Particulars are as followeth.

I. s, d.

THE King's Duty for Stamps — 12 6

To the Sergeant Trumpeter '3 -

To the Mailer of the Rolls - 8 8

Signing the Docquet - 4. —

hanaperfec - 15 —

The Six Clerks See on the Patent, 1 Writ of Afiiilance, Writ of Dif > 1 7 —

charge, and Dedimus Potejlatem j For ingrossing the Patent, Writ of Af "Writ of Discharge, dea'i 1 mus Potejlatem, the three Oaths, the >.1 14

Docquet Parchment, and attending the sealing the Patent The Recognisance and Duty in iveljh Patent mere.

A SCHEDULE of feesto be paid by the Sheriffs of England and Wales for passing their Accounts.

FEES to be paid to the Clerk of the Pipe at the A, pa fal of Sheriffs.

cant' Cumbr' Ebor'

Hunt'

/. s. d.

I U 4

I 13 4

5 -

X 6 8

A. 2 13 4

I 13 4

1 i3 4

r 6 8

1. 6 8

Lond' and mid sex*-- --

Lincoln ——

Monmouth ——

Northumbr' ——

Rutland ——

Westmor' -

The rest of the Counties of England, each

FEES to le paid to the Clerk of the Pipe at catling out of Court, and for the Quietus, and chancellor's allow ance.

gant' Hunt' Cumb'

Ebor' -

Kent' —

Lond' mid sex Monmouth Northumbr' Rutland —

Westmor'

I. s. d.

4 3 4

n 16 8

10 '3 4

4 3 4 6 8

5

2 16 8

2 16 8

1 16 .8

2 3 That

C

*5«

Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

L s. d.

A.D. 1716.

The Rest of the Cotmtie^ of eaand,

each ... j > -> t

CASUAL EE ES to the Clerk of the Pipe far the Allow? <tfux of justices wages, hi the Countiesfollowing, viz.,

I. s, d.

Bor' -- > -

___lond' mid sex -

Lincoln -

'The rest of the Counties of England, it any such Allowance be made For letting of a Seizure or Debt by Petition or Judgement, of Court, when, it happens For Allowance of a Record of sur plufage for the first five Pounds For every other five Pounds' —

*3;

IQ;

6

3

FEES to be paid to the Clerk of the Pipe for the several Cities and accounting Towns for their whole act - n '

count, and Quietus thereupon Ivit' Bristol'

C' r.

1 Civit' Glouc'

Civit' Ebor'

VII' Novi Castri

Civit' Cantuar'

Civit' Coventry

Civit' Exon'

Civit' Litchf'

Civit' Lincoln

Civit' Norwic'

VII' Kingston super Hull

VII' Not'

I

d.

of each 1 10 r —

VII'

VII'

Pool

south ton

FEES to be paid to the Secondaries, and others the Sworn Clerks in the said Office, at the Appofals of Sheriffs at their coming into their Account, and writing their annual Books, together with the Vicontels of the Foot or Charge of their whole Account

beds' Berks 1 Bucks j Cant' Hunt' Cornub' Cumbr' Derb' — Devon

each

Dorset'

Essex

Eibor'

giouc:

; 5

each

n

each

Heres Hert'

Kant' --

Lincoln -

Leic' ——

Lond' mid sex, two Sugar loaves and

Monmouth -- - < —

Norf' ——

north ton -

Noithumb' ——

/. r. 6 d.

A 6 j3 4

6 —

3 j3 4

5

U 10 6 8

17 -

6 rr T

5 6 8

6 1.3 4

4 13 4

6 13 4

4 O

5 b 13 4

4 10 —

4 13 4

Nott' Ox on'

Rutl

Furr'

il \cath

each

ilfh

south toii

Staff' —

S'omerf'

Wcihnorl'

wars

Wigorn'

Wilts

/. s. d.

5 A 10, —

3 6 8

5. «3 4

6 —

73 4

5 13 4

9 6. 8

2i i 16. 8

8.

FEES for cajling out of Court, and for Quietus, viz.

d.

Edf Bucks Berlfs' — rr cant' Hunt' Cornub' — Cumbr' — Derb' — Devon'

Dors'

Essex — — Ebor — — Glouc' — Heres' -

Hert' -

Kant' — Lincoln Leic' — Lond' midd'x, Monmouth. north ton Norf'

Not'

Northumbr' Oxon'

Rutl'

Staff'

Surr'

Sussex Salop

Stiff'

south ton somerp Westraor' Warr'

Wigorn'

Wilts'

6 8

two Sugar loaves, and 4 -

each

each

I.

6

5

5;

5

4

5 8

6 11 23

7 6 6

11

6

8 4 3

7

6

4.

8 2 6

1

8

10

2 5

7

8

6; 63 133. 6 6 O

6

6

13

13

a

a

4

4

4

a

8

4

8

8

4

4

6

6

13

6

13

16

6

8

10

6

13

8

8

4

8

4

8

8

8

4

FE ES of Sheriffs for Chics and accounting Towns.

Civit' Bristol' Civit' Cantuar' Civit' Ebor' —

Civit' Coventry r

Civit' Exon' —

Civit' Glouc'

Civit' Lincoln

Civit' litchp r.

/. (I.

3 6 8

2 13 4

0 23 4

I 10 —

2 13 4

2. 1.3 4

I 6. 8

Civit*

A.D. 1716.

Civit' Norvvic' --

Civit' Wigorn' -

VII' Kingston super Hull

VII' Nott' -

Nov' Cad rum -

VII' Pool -

VII' south ton -

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C. 15.

I. s. d.

3 6 8

A 3 6 8

2 -

2 13 4

1 10 —

2 -

Memorandum, The Sheriffs of the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster do not account before the Cleric of the Pipe, but before the respective Auditor of those Counties; but their Books being writ every Tear, and Certificates made (of what they take in Charge) to the Auditor, the following Fees are to be taken by the Clerk of the Pipe, and the worn Clerk for those Counties, viz.

Chester

Lancaft'

FEES to be paid to the firfil Secondary.

Jp of Proser in each County in each City and Town

IF — f U n C I'r»L '

Making up the sheriff's Sum, containing his whole Charge in York

Lond' midd sex -

For the rest of the Counties, each Allowing a Talley de remanente Compi' or any other Talley de Sol' in his Account, when such happen For charging a Post scrow, which rarely happens --

For the Allowance of jnjiu.cs I Pages.

york -

Lond' Ivlidd sex Lincoln

d.

2

I

The rest of the Counties of England, 1 each — — J

For Sheriffs Allowances.

13

Bor*

Lond' midd sex

I.

3

Lite rest of the Counties, each -

Record of Surplusage for the first five 7

Pounds -

For every other five Pounds —

6

6

3

d.'

4

8

8

8

4

To the second Secondary.

Fieri facias, from either of the remembrancer's Office upon thescrow

back --

If an extraordinary Length —

- To the Portubag.

FOR ingrossing the Scrow of Green Wax of the Sheriff of the County of York ——

Lond' m idd sex --

each or the each

FOR a Constat of a Seizure or Debt, in order to be ruled of, or discharged- ——

the Debts therein contained, each i. —

/. s. d.

2 3 4

4 6 8

idary.

1. s. d.

}- 6 8

*) 3 4

h 13 4

1.3 4

- 6 8

1 —

h 3 4

s. d.

- 3 4

- 6 8

1. s. d.

- —

J I.

}- 10 —

}- 3 4

Clerks in their

I. s. d.

}" 1 4. 4

r > 3 4

1- 6 8

To the writing Clerk for the Btiftness of the whole Year.

cant' Hunt' -

Cornuh' -

Devon' ——

Ebor' ——

Kant.' -

Lincoln ——

Lond' midd sex*-- -

Monmouth -

Rutland — — -; -

Somers' -- ->

Sussex

The rest of the Counties, each.

Civit' Bristol- -

Civit' Norwic' -

Kingston super Hull -

Novum Castrum- -

The rest of the Cities, each

Com' Pal' Ceftr' -

Com' Pal' Lane' -

d.

I:

5

6 6 15

7 6 6.

3 1

7

3

5 -

- 184

- 68

- 13 4

10 —

j3

10

To be paid to the Bagman of the Office at the Apposal of the Sheriffs. _ /. r. d.

Of England, in each County, two Shillings and sixpence, and the casting > -

out*j

And for each City and accounting 7__________

Town J

FEES to be paid to the Controller of the Pipe.

I, s. d.

FOR Apposal of Lond' Midfex, and 7

York, each -

For Apposal. of Surry, Sussex, Rutland,

and ipejbnorland, each -

For Apposal of every other County For casting out of Lond' Midfex, and

York, each f 2

For casting out of Surry, Sussex, and 7___

Rutland each.

For casting out of every other County 1

For Return of Summons for London 7________

Middlesex, and York, each y

For Return of every other Summons —

For Petitions, which seldom happen —

15

7

IS

10

5.

6

6

157

---

158 C. 15. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

The FEES to be taken by the three Clerks of the Controller of the Pipe in passing Sheriffs Accounts.

Apposals - Casting out.

l. s. d. - l. s. d.

---

Bedf' }

Hertf' } each - 1 2 6 - 1

North'ton }

Surry }

Rutld' }

Lond', Mid'sex -

Cambr'

Heref'

Leic'

Norf'

Nott'

Staff'

War'

Sussex -

Oxon'

Cant' Hunt'

Glouc'

Kant'

Essex

Bucks

Monmouth

Berks

Suffolk

south ton

Worcester

Wilts

Salop

Northumbr'

Lincoln

Cornwall

Devon'

Dorset

Somerset

Ebor'

Wellmor'

- each Appofals A 1 2 d. .6 Calling cut. /. r. d.

each 1 5 — i $ —

1 X 5 1 3 5 —

leach; 12 6 1. 10 —

15 - I 15 -

each i'>9 i i 16 8

each z 2 6 2 — — 1

each

each

each

16

17

16

*7

For Return of every Summons, seven Shillings and sixpence; except Lond' Midfex, fifteen Shillings; York one Pound and five Shillings; and Cornwall, Demon, Dorset, Lincoln, Somerset, Suffolk, South ton, wilt's and Salop, each seventeen Shillings and sixpence. For the Petition of Allowance, three Shillings and sixpence; except in London, Middlesex, and York, thirteen Shillings and fourpence; and in Cornwall, Demon and Somerset, six Shillings and eight Pence each; for every other Petition one Shilling; and for the Justices Wages in London and Middlesex, ten shillings.

FEES to be paid by Sheriffs in ccr's Office, upon giving Security Offce.

the King's Retnembran

T

H E Stamp-duty of zance -

the Recogni

The Caption See before the Baron

same, for the Counties of Norfolk, for each of them

York

enters into his

L A J. d.

IO —

J 8 8

-3 4

A.D. 1716.

h d.

To him for every other County of England, except Lancaster and Durham, and the several Counties of Wales, }> — to which give no Security in the Exchequer -

To tile Attorney for making the Recognisance, attending the Baron, entering / and inrolling the Recognisance, making > — the Fiat, and Duty for the same, and t filing the Warrant of Attorney J

Upon the Apposal of every Sheriff upon the Process returnable in Eafer Term to the Deputy Remembrancer To the Attorney that receives and files the Writs, -, and attends the Apposals of the

Sheriffs -

The like upon the Process returnable in

I a —

- 44

9 4

b

upon Michaelmas Term

For making the Certificate when the she "i riff enters upon his Account of what I Seizures are by him made upon the .4 4

Process returned in that Office, during \ his Year J

treasurer's remembrancer's Office in the Court of Exchequer.

FEES taken of Sheriffs in the said Offce on passing their Accounts by the Remembrancer,

u

a sheriff's Appofals, or for a Day

over to finish his Accounts --

Upon the View of a sheriff's Accounts in Eafer and Michaelmas Term Upon, the Commission to swear a Sheriff in the Country to account Upon examining and ruling a sheriff's Petition of Al'owance for the two Days granted ex Gratia Curia: for finishing his Account, and for filing his Affidavit of

Felons Goods -

Upon examining and ruling any other Petition in a sheriff's Account, when any such happens -

five Pounds -

For every other five Pounds -

For filing any Conffat Warrant, or other

Exhibit —

A j s. d.

- 4 -

J b 6 8

b i'6 .8

r 12 —

9 [- 3 4

b 6 8

3 '4

b 1 —

By the f worn Clerks.

F

1.

0 R making the View of a sheriff's Account in Easter and Michaelmas —

s. d. 10 "

Term, five Shillings each Term, viz.

For giving a Sheriff Notice termly, during" his Year of Office, of any Information or Plaint against him, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided, and for attending his Appofals before the Barons, and in Easter and michael mas Terms, twenty Shillings each Term, viz.

2 —

Sot

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

if -

- 6 8

I.

For drawing any Warrant to be signed by ?_____

the Chancellor, or a Baron J

For attending a Baron for his Hand there 7 to — - 5

For directing a Sheriff" in his buftnefst during the three Terms he is upon his ( Account, ten Shillings each Term,

viz.

For making the Commission to swear Sheriff in the Country to account pursuant to Warrant from a Baron for that Purpose ——

the Oath thereunto annexed For a High sheriff's Warrant to be sworn A

to account, (when he comes in Person) I 1 —

and/or attending his being sworn 3 For an under sheriff's'warrant —. 3

For attending and putting in a sheriff's Bill of Profers at the Receipt of Exchequer in Cro' CL Pafcbe & Cro' Sc?

Mich' when his Year is ended, at his swearing to account For entering the two Days ex Gratia Curbs _ 7 S

1 For drawing a sheriff's Oath touching f

Felons Goods -

For a Copy thereof to transmit to they.

Pipe -. i,

For a Certificate of the Execution of a Pro 7

cess- -- - '

a Search in order to make such Certi'

cate -

For drawing any Petition in Parchment 7

and inro ling it j 1

For inrolling ance

a sheriff's Bill of Allows.

d. 6 S

"10 —

Allow 1 __

For enrolling any Schedule in Onere Con 7 stat or Warrant by the Roll For a Record of Surplusage, for the first 7__

five Pounds -- -. j

For every other five Pounds -

For copying any Seizure made by a Sheriff, per Sheet -

For examining and signing the same For a Writ of Assistance and Seal —

For attending at Westminster to dismiss a 1 Sheriff the Court, on frnifhina: his Ac > — 3

Ty the Filazcr.

FOR entering a High sheriff's Commission or Warrant ad Computand' on the Scroll of Accountants -

For an under sheriff's Warrant, and any) Warrant ad recipiend' Brevia J

For the sheriff's Tallies of Profers For entering a sheriff's Writs on the Bills And when he comes poji Diem, and Amer t ' ciaments are set by the Court, then for { each Amerciament one Shilling, being f cfually six, during his Year, viz, J

3

6

3

1

6

13

6

6

3

3

10

d.

2 —

2 —

- 6 —

When any Plea, Composition, Order, or the like, happens during a sheriff's Account, through his Defaults or Contempts, he pays the same Sees that are paid by other Suitors.

There have been owe mall Sees Time out to the under clerks, viz.

C 15.

of Mind paid d.

*59

/. J.

- I

S 10

}- 5

- —

- 1

h 4

i 5

d.

6

O R writing a Warrant or Affidavit On Return of l'roccfs twice a Year, five Shillings, viz.

For engrossing a Commission and Oath annexed -

As liicvsife to the Portubag, viz

FOR carrying any Writ to be sealed

For a Commission -

A Sheriff pays him at each of his Appc

fals two Shillings, viz.

And forpostage ot all his Business, durin the Time he is upon his Account

A Particular of such Fees as are to be paid by Sheriffs in the Office of Remembrancer of the Fir fruits and Tenths in his Majesty's Exchequer.

I. s. d.

FOR attending the sheriff's Appoints at Westminster upon their returning of Writs issued for Arrears of first fruits, S -

and for filing the same in Eafcr Term,

each -

The like for Michaelmas Term — — 4

FEES to be received by the Foreign Appofer, his Deputy or Chief Clerk, of all Sheriffs of Counties, Cities and, Towns, at their Apposal upon the Summons of the Green tvax, and for making out the jujjiccs Wages when craved by the Sheriff.

Counties,

Ed ford Berks

Bucks ——

Cambr' Hunt' Cornwall r - Cumberland -

Devon -

Dorset- -

Hereford

Hertford -

Kent -

Leic' -

Lincoln —

Lond' and mid sex Monmouth —

Norfolk -

north ton Nottingham -

Oxford -

Rutland -

Salop -

Appofals. Justices

Wages.

/. s. d. /. sd.

3 5 — I 12 6

3 S — I I 2 6-

3 S — I 12 6

3 s — I 12 6

6 s — I 12 O'

3 s — I I 2 6,

3 18 4 I 12 6

7 5 — I 12 6

4 S — I 1? 6.

6 5 — I 12 6

4 S — 12 6

3 5, — I 12 6.

3 is. 4 I I 2 6

6 s — I 12 6

3- s — I 12 ft

6? — I I 2 6

7 10 — 5 10

3 S — 1 12 6

6 S — 3 5

s 5 1 I 2 6.

3 is 4 1 2.. '6

1 5 12 6

3 S 1 12 6,

1 13 —

4, 5. 1 12 -6

Somerset

LI

16©

Counties

Somerset south ton -

Stafford —

Suffolk -

Surrey — Sussex — — Westmoreland Worcester

York -

Cities.

bristol

Coventry Canterbury Exeter —

Glouc' —

Litchfield Lincoln —

Norwich —

W orcester York —

Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

Apposal.

6

3

3

7

3

3

3

i

3

5

9

s.

5

18

5

5

5

5

5

15

5

5

5

Justices

Wages.

1. Si d.

Towns.

Klpgfton super Hull Nottingham Newcastle upon Tyne

Pool -

south ton -

I 12 6

I 12 6

I 12 6

3 5 —

i 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

3 5 -

Appofals.

/. s. d.

- 17 6

- 17 6

- 17 6

I 12 6

- 17 6

75 10

- 15 10

I 12 6

- 17 6

17 6

Appofals.

/. s. d.

- i 5 10

17 6

- i 6

- 14 2

- 17 6

FEES to be taken by the Clerk of the Extracts in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and by the sworn Clerk in that Office, of all Sheriffs accountable in the Exchequer, upon their jlppofals on the Summons of the Green lptax.

I. s. d.

'O the Clerk of the extras for Northumberland and Westmorland.

each -

Of London and Middle six Of the County of Rutland Of every other County, each Of the City otexin

'I"

io

73

Of every othercity and Town, each —

io

6

8

To the fv/otn Clerk for writing out the Summons twice every Year and attending the Appofals.

Of the County of Rutland

Of Ebor'-- = --

Of Strrcy

Of tv ejimorelsricl; --

Of the Counties of Here/', Her If, Ox on, Suff' etndsoihb ton, each Of every Other County Of the Cities of Bristol, Litchfield, an Town of Pool, each Of the City of 'ex'oh

Of ev&ry other' City and Town, each —

/. s. 11.

- 92

1 .16 8

A 73 4-

I T lb 8

s 1 1 6

5 10

To —

- 8 4

The See due to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, his Secretary and Clerk for passing a sheriff's Allowance be -

A.D. 1716.

I. s. d,

)f the')

J'krk, ( __

CC to f

FEES to be taken by the curftor baron, and his Clerk, of the several Sheriffs of England,

I.

2.

TO the Baron for swearing to their 1

Account, and signing their War — — 8

rant

To his Clerk ——

To the Baron at their Appofals

To his Clerk -

To the Baron at their calling out o

Court -

To his Clerk

- -

—, !7 6

Sheriffs of london and Middlesex, and Sheriffs of the County of York, pay double Fees, and the Sheriffs of Suffix, Surrey, Rutland and ivcfnusr land, pay half Fees.

SEE S certain and casual to be paid by the Sheriffs to the Marshals of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, granted to them by Patent under the Great Seal without Salary.

Eqfier Term.

AL L Sheriffs of the Counties of I England come then to be api posed on their Writs and Process I before the Barons, anj pay the said f Marshals (except Rutland and York \

I. s. d.

10,

Rutland to pay Half that See, viz. Yorkshire double ——

Michaelmas Term.

7

11

11

8

The same Sheriffs are apposed again on the same Writs and Process, and to pay their Fees as above.

Easter Term.

Sheriffs of the Cities and Towns, and Deputies of the cinque ports, "each of them to p'.ty severally upon their Appofals then, as followeth, viz.

Lincoln, Canterbury, Pool, Gloucester, jvigorn, Nottingham, Coventry, [ South' tonne, Litchfield, and Deputy' of 1'

the cinque ports -

York, Norwith, Exon, neivca/lle, Hidl Bristol Ciry ——

I.

d.

- 8 8

73

10

Michaelmas Ter

mi.

T

HE Sheriffs of Cities and Towns') above, apposed then, are to pay the same Fees as paid in Easter Term, and when sworn to account, \ are, to pay no more

I.

4

6

d.

3 —

Bailiffs of Liberties sworn to account,) are to pay each -

Bristol Ffdicator is to pay

Michaelmas

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C. 15.

6t

Michaelmas Term.

H E R IF F S of Counties prefixed'

that Term to be sworn, and to take their Accounts in Charge before the Cursitor baron, on the Summons of the Pipe, and before the foreign ap pofcr upon the Green Wax, viz. Ef jex, Hertford, Kent, Cambr', Hum', north ton, Lincoln, Stafford, jvigorn, ivilts, Cor nub', Salop, Berks, and Bucks, are to pay each Rutland is to pay Half that See London and Middlesex is to pay his Fees?

for a whole Year f 5

London Gauger then sworn in Court is

>*9

"H

to pay

Hillary Term.

SHERIFFS of Counties sworn and" apposed before the Cursitor baron " and foreign Appofer, as in Michaelmas Term, viz. Surry, Sussex, Oxon, Berks, 'Norfolk, Suffolk, Hereford, Dorset, Monmo iltb, Somerset, Derby, Nottingham, Devon, Gloucester, Warwick, south ton, and Leicester, to pay

each -

York pays double ——

or j

1

Easter Term.

SHERIFFS of Cumberland and Northumberland, then prefixed and ap posed on the Summons of the Pipi and Green Wax, before the Cursitor baron and foreign Appofer, to pay each -

II. ejlmorland then to the whole Year

Lancashire for the whole Year -- 3

Cheshire for the whole Year -- 3

All Sheriffs discharged by Proclamation ?_

in the Court, except York J

York is to pay -- t

Casual FEES.

pay his Fees for

s

Sheriffs attached

Court or Warrant

by Order of]

s.

Sheriff's in Custody per Diem, until dif 7____

charged -

d

12 —

8 8

I. s. d.

d.

6 8

xo —

6 8

15 10 11 8

6

d.

4

If the Marshal rides into the Country, sixpence per Mile forwards, and the same backwards, towards his Charges, from the Sheriff on whose Account he goes.

/. r. d.

Every Sheriff that hath further timet given him by Order of Court or

Warrant to pass his Accounts, or f" 6

to be apposed, to pay --

The FEES to bi taken by the four tjjhers of his ala j fly's Court of Exchequer.

Vol. V

1.

V

OF every High Sheriff when he enters on Recognisance in the Exchequer —

Of every Sheriff of a County sworn to V answer upon his two Appofals on / the King's Remembrancer, Treasu V — rer's Remembrancer and First fruits \ for each the said Appofals J

Of every Sheriff of a City, (Jc. on each I

of the said two Appofals --

Of every sheriff of a County sworn to Account in Court or elsewhere, (

8 —

8 —

4 —

his

and on his Apposal on the pipe pro f cess before the Cursitor baron J

Of every Sheriff of a City, Wc. on the?

like Apposal --

Of every Sheriff of a County at his calling out of Court, or finishing his Account

- 18 6

4 —

SI "

8 —

London Middlesex and Yorkshire to pay double.

t.

H

d.

FEES to be taken by the Court keeper of his alaje jly's Court of Exchequer.

I. s.

OF every High Sheriff when he enters on Recognisance in the Exchequer

Of every Sheriff of a County town to) answer upon his two Appofals on the /

King's Remembrancer, treasurer's / remembrancer and first fruits Pro \ for each of the said Appofals J Of every Sheriff of a City, sv. on each

of the said two Appofals -

Of every Sheriff of a County sworn to his Account in Court or elsewhere, and on his Apposal upon the Pipe process before the Cursitor baron Of every Sheriff of a City, con the

like Apposal -

Of every Sheriff of a County upon his "J

Apposal on the Summons of Green f

Wax before the foreign Appofer and f

Clerk of the Estreats --

If apposed out of Term - 2

Of every Sheriff' of a City, is'c, on the 7_

like Apposal --

Of every Sheriff of a County, con his calling out of Court, or finishing his Accounts ——

2 —

L —

3 -

2 —

1 —

I"

s.

London Middlesex and York are to pay double.

FEES to le received by the Messenger of the said Court, viz.

OF every Sheriff of a County sworn" to answer upon his two Appofals on the King's Remembrancer, treasurer's Remembrancer and first fruits Process, for each of the said Appofals

- 6 8

Of every Sheriff of a City for each of 7 __

the said two Appofals -- J

London Middlesex and York to pay double.

3 4

'FEES

62 C 16. Anno tertio Georgii Regis.

FEES to be received by the Ttpfaff in the fold Court.

A.D. 1716.

F every High Sheriff when he enters on Recognisance in the Exchequer

I.

s.

d.

r 2 -

Of every Sheriff of a County sworn to 7 answer upon his two Appofals upon / the King's Remembrancer, Treafu — 2 —

rer's Remembrancer and first fruits \

for each of the said Appofals J Of every Sheriff of a City, Or. sworn > _ answer the like Appofals 7 1

Of every Sheriff of a County sworn to") his Account in Court or elsewhere { on his Apposal on the Pipe pro j 3

cess before the Cursitor baron j Of every Sheriff of a City, Or. on his 7 Apposal. on the pipe process before 5- —. 1 —

the Cursitor baron --

Of every Sheriff of a County at his calling out of Court, and finishing > -

his Account

s.

d.

London Middlesex and York to pay double.

SEES and Allowances to be paid to the Auditors of the Exchequer, for making up and passing the undermentioned Sheriffs Accounts, viz.

FOR inrolling a sheriff's Patent, fi "7 ling the several Certificates, draw I ind and ingrossing the Account, and for the Quietus of the Sheriffs of Chef ft Are and Lancashire, the Fees for each 1 County to be. -- J

20 -

For the County Palatine of Durham, 7 according to ancient Custom J

For calling out of Sheriff's in open 7

Court, except London and Middlesex > and Lincoln, each County 3

For London Middlesex, York, and Lin 7 coin, each County -

s.

d.

8

- 10 —

1 —

FEES to be paid by the Sheriffs of xvales to the Auditor of Wales and Cheshire, for the several Sheriffs of xvales.

OR every old Seizure charged in 7 _ the sheriff's Account -

For every new Seizure charged in the 7______

sheriff's Account -- - S

'...1

X —

2 —

8 18

For inrolling a Sheriff's Patent, filing the several Certificates, drawing and ingrossing the Account, and for the Quietus ejl, for each County --

---

The FEES due to the Receiver of North and South Wales.

l. s. d.

FROM every Sheriff upon passing his Accounts at the Audit for signing his Accounts and entering in the revenue book - 2 13 4

For the Sheriffs of Cheshire.

l. s. d.

FOR inrolling the sheriff's Patent, filing the several Certificates, drawing and ingrossing the Account and for the Quietus est - 20 0 0

For farther Provisions concerning Sheriffs, see 20 Geo. 2. c. 37. 24 Geo. 2. c. 48. s. 12. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better enabling sheriffs to sue out their Patents and pass their Accounts.

I. WHEREAS it is not reasonable that the Sheriffs of this Kingdom, who are obliged to take upon them that troublesome and expensive Office for the Service of their Country, should pay those large Fees that are demanded of them, and of Right belong to the Officers and Clerks of the Chancery, Exchequer and Pipe, for passing their Patents and Accounts and obtaining their Quietus's: And whereas it would be unreasonable to take their due Fees from the Officers and Clerks, or to expect that they should do the Duty of their respective Offices without a reasonable Reward for their Labour: And whereas the whole Expense of passing the Patents and the Accounts of the several Sheriffs herein after mentioned amounts to four thousand Pounds:' Therefore, to the End that the Sheriffs may be eased and Justice done to the said Officers and Clerks, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After Sept. 29, 1717, the yearly Sum of 4000l. shall be set apart in the Exchequer.]

That from and after the the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen the yearly Sum of four thousand Pounds shall be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of such Fund as by any Act of this Session of Parliament shall be charged with the said yearly Sum, and in such manner as shall be thereby appointed, for the Uses and Purposes hereafter mentioned.

[Out of the Monies so set apart the Sums hereafter expressed shall be paid to the several Sheriffs, for thier Expences of their Patents, &c.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be yearly and every Year paid out the Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, be so set apart, upon the first Day of Michaelmas-term, to the several Sheriffs for the Time being, of the several Counties herein after mentioned, the several and respective Sums herein after expressed, to enable them respectively to bear the Expenses of the respective Letters Patents for their Offices, and to pass their respective Accounts, and to obtain their respective Quietus's: The said yearly Sums to be received without any Account or Imprest whatsoever to be set upon them, or any of them, and without paying any Fees or Charges for the same, or any Part thereof: That is to say,

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 16. 17. 163

TO the respective Sheriffs which shall be appointed for the County of Bedford, ninety three Pounds and six Shillings.

For the County of Berks, ninety six Pounds.

For the County of Bucks, ninety six Pounds.

For the Counties of Cambridge and Huntington, ninety five Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the County of Cheshire, sixty two Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the County of Cornwall, one hundred and two Pounds and sixteen Shilling.

For the County of Cumberland, ninety Pounds and two Shillings.

For the County of Derby, ninety three Pounds and nineteen Shillings.

For the County of Devon, one hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings.

For the County of Dorset, one hundred and one Pounds six Shillings.

For the County of Essex, one hundred and eight Pounds ten Shillings.

For the County of Gloucester, ninety-eight Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the County of Hereford, ninety four Pounds and six Shillings.

For the County of Hertford, ninety three Pounds.

For the County of Kent, one hundred and eight Pounds ten Shillings.

For the County of Lancaster, sixty seven Pounds and seven Shillings.

For the County of Leicester, ninety four Pounds and six Shillings.

For the County of Lincoln, one hundred and one Pounds three Shillings.

For the County of Middlesex, one hundred and nineteen Pounds three Shillings.

For the County of Monmouth, eighty nine Pounds and three Shillings.

For the County of Norfolk, one hundred and one Pounds fifteen Shillings.

For the County of Northampton, ninety six Pounds.

For the County of Northumberland, ninety one Pounds.

For the County of Nottingham, ninety five Pounds and thirteen Shillings.

For the County of Oxon, ninety seven Pounds and seven Shillings.

For the County of Rutland, sixty nine Pounds and eleven Shillings.

For the County of Salop, ninety-eight Pounds and three Shillings.

For the County of Somerset, one hundred and twelve Pounds and nineteen Shillings.

For the County of Southampton, one hundred and one Pounds three Shillings.

For the County of Stafford, ninety five Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the County of Suffolk, one hundred and two Pounds twelve Shillings.

For the County of Surry, ninety Pounds and two Shillings.

For the County of Sussex, ninety Pounds and five Shillings.

For the County of Warwick, ninety three Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the County of Wilts, one hundred and four Pounds ten Shillings.

For the County of Worcester, ninety-eight Pounds and three Shillings.

For the County of York, one hundred and fifty Pounds.

For the County of Anglesey, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Brecon, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Cardigan, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Carmarthen, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Carnarvon, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Denbigh, thirty Pounds.

Far the County of Flint, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Glamorgan, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Merioneth, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Montgomery, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Pembroke, thirty Pounds.

For the County of Radnor, thirty rounds.

And to the Sheriff of Westmorland for the Time being, forty Pounds six Shillings.

[See the References to the foregoing Chapter.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army.

EXP.

164. C. 18. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for explaining an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real estates; and for enlarging the Time of such registring; and for securing Purchases made by Protestants.

I. WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Parliament,

---

[1 Geo. 1. ft, 2, C 55.

3 Geo. 2. c. 29.

intituled, An Act to oblige papijis to re gijler their Nantes and real estates, it is enacted, That all and every Person and Persons not having taken the Oaths therein mentioned before the last Day of trinity term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, having any Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or who should thereafter have any Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments lying, being or arising in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in If'ales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, who was or should be a Popish Recusant or rapift, or was or should be educated in the Popish Religion, or whose Parent or Parents should be a Papist or Papists, or who should use or profess the Popish Religion, should take the Oaths and repeat and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned, at such Times and in such manner as is therein exnrefled, or in Default thereof should, within the Space of six Months next after the i ime thereby appointed for him, her or them to take the said Oaths, register or procure to be registered his, her or their Name or Names, and all such Lands, ' Tenements and Hereditaments whereof he, she or they, or any Trustee or Trustees for him, her or them, or his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, should be in the Possession or in Receipt or Perception of the Profits, in such Manner and Form as is therein expressed; upon pain that the Person and Persons wilfully neglecting or refuting so to do, or committing any Fraud in such Registry, should forfeit the fec fi i.ple and Inheritance of all such Lands; Tenements and Hereditaments not registered or frau dulently registered, whereof he, she or they, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them,

was or were seized in fce simple at the Time of such Default or Fraud in registring as aforesaid, and the fu 1 Value of the Inheritance of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments not registered or frau dulently registered as aforesaid, whereof he, she or they, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, was not or were not seized in fee ftmple at the Time of such Default or Fraud as aforesaid; ' Third Parts whereof to the King, and the other Third Part thereof to such Person or Persons, ' being a Prot stant or Protestants, as should sue for the same at the common-law in any of his Majesty's ' Courts at Westminster or in the High Court of Chancery, as by the said Act more fully appears For The Time for t^lc amending and explaining the said Act, and giving a further Time to Papists to register their Names and Papists to rrgiftrrreal Estates; it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and their Names and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and real Estates en by the Authority of the same, That the Time for such registring be enlarged, and the same is hereby en^7 oa larged to the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and seventeen.

Farther enlarged by 31 Go. i. C 21. end 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

No Suit for

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Penalty or firln^shall be'" Forfeiture contained in this or the said former Act, for wilfully neglectrng or refusing to register, or far commented af committing Fraud in such Registry, shall be commenced or brought after two Years after the Offence ter two Years, committed, against any Person offending therein.

"wheremanors,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall happen that any Manors

C lie in more or reputed Manors, Demesne or other Lands, or entire Farms, do lie in more Counties than one, the re counties than gifting of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County only where the manor be'r'cvftred in h°use or the House or Houses to the said Fagrm or Lands do lie, and not in several Counties, taking Notice the County only thereof in the said Registry that the same do extend to such other County or Counties, shall be a sufficient where the Ma registring of such entire Manors, Farms or Lands within the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited

jior House

IV. And whereas some Doubts have arisen, as well upon the said recited Act, as also upon one other Act made and passed in the Parliament held in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late ntiiw.3, < King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery; and upon tpi: 1 C 4. C another Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the First, for the due Execution j"i. C' of the Statutes against Jesuits, Seminary 1'riefts, Recusants, and other Acts made aginft Papists and Popish Recusants, touching the Sale of the real Estates of Persons professing the Popish Religion, or in wn talc for a full] ' curring the Disabilities and Incapacities in the said Acts mentioned: ' Be it enacted by the Authority confijeration ofaf0resaid, That no Sale for a full and valuable Consideration of any Manors, Meffhages, Lands, tene any man^e&c, ments or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Person or Persons being reputed Owner or Owner Remade Owners, or in the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, heretofore made or hereafter to or to kc made to be made, to and for any Protestant Purchaser and Purchasers, and merely and only for the Benefit of pro any Erotestant, testants, shall be avoided or impeached for or by reason or upon Pretence of any of the Disabilities or In

shall be avoided capacities in the said Acts or any of them contained, incurred or supposed to be incurred by any of the th dif bilitiesin persons making or joining in such Sale, or by any other Person or Persons from or through whom the Ti

on Ptetence of the recited Acts. tie to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, is or shall Unless such Ma be derived or supposed to be derived, unless before such Sale the Person entitled to take Advantage of such nors. C were Dliability

A.D. 1716. Anno tertio Georgii Regis. C 19 — 21. 165

Disability or Incapacity shall have recovered fuel) iv^anors, messuages, Lands, Tenements and Heredita recovered before ments, or given Notice of his Claim and Title thereto to such Purchaser, or before the Contrast for such thcsalc, or No sale shall have claimed the said Manors, Messuages, i/ands, Tenements and Hereditaments by reason of!, ccof theciaim such Disability or Incapacity, and have entered such Claim in open Court at the general Session of the Peace pu^ifer ° for the County, City, Riding or Division wherein such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or he or, h claim ea reditaments lie or arise, and bona fide and with due Diligence pursued his Remedy in a proper Course of trrd at thcqnar justice fr the Recovery thereof: The said several Acts abovementioned and referred to, or anything tcr fcfl ons therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That whereas it was, amongst other Things, enacted by the said Act oft1>cela "k m ' Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third,

That from and after the tenth Day of apj il which should he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven Ripifts are dir hundred, every Papist or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion should be disabled, and was abled from pm.

thereby made incapable to purchase either in his or her own Name, or in the Name of any other Person chasing or Persons, to his or her Ufc, or in Trull for him or her, any Manors, Lands, Profits out of Lands, "ntb/iicrchv ai Tenements, Rents, 'i'erms or Hereditaments within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales and tered orrepeiled.

Town of Bcrivick upon Tweed; and that all and singular Estates, 'Perms and any other Interests or Pro '.

C fits whatsoever out of Lands, from and after the said tenth Day of April to be made, fustered or done, to

or for the Ufc or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trull or Confidence mediately or 1 immediately, to or for the Benefit or Relief of any such Person or Persons, should be utterly void and of no Eftest, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever:: 'is hereby declared and enacted, u & 12 W. 3. That the said recited Part of the said Act of Parliament shall not be hereby altered or repealed, but the C 4 same shall be and remain in full Force, as if this Act had never been made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth afterscpr. 29, Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen no Manors, Lands, i7>7, n Mj tenements, Hereditaments or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, shall pass, alter or change " ors lmuij, &c' from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed within papist?by dct d six Months after the Date, and such Will within six Months after the Death of the 'Pcftator, be enrolled or Will, imless in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties wherein enrolled in six the Manors, Lands and Tenements lie, by the Cujhs rotu/orum and two Justices of the Peace, and the ^iontlia;

Clerk of the Peace of the same County or Counties, or two of them at the least, whereof the Clerk of the (ece° ' Peace to be one. [Such Deeds, fsc. are good, if enrolled on 29 September 1731. 3 Geo. Geo. 2. c. 29. Provision i.

Pest. 6. And see 8 Geo. 2. c. 25.] made lor Deed;

t nor intfcucd

Gnce Srpt. 20, 1717, if enrolled on 29 Sept, 1724. Farther Provljhm concernm?!*afiju, 9 Geo. X C 18 C 24. 11 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the King's most gracious, general and free Pardon.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enlarge the Time for making Claims before the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the forfeited Estates.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irifiy Linen Cloth to the Britify Plantations in America duty free; and for the more effectual Discovery of and prosecuting such as shall unlawfully export Wool and Woollen Manufactures from Ireland, and for Relief of John 'Fletcher in respect of the Duty by him paid for a Quantity of Salt lost in the Exportation for Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her lat Majesty - C S. 1 W Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations,

and to prohibit the Importation of Scots Linen into Ireland; It was enacted for the Support of the Prote stant Interest in Ireland, and for the Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture of that Kingdom, That it should and might be lawful to export from Ireland directly to the Britsfn Plantations, all Sorts of white and brown Linen Clothes, being the proper Manufacture of the said Kingdom, under certain Restrictions and Conditions in the said Act mentioned, for the Term of eleven Years; which Act hath been since continued for one Year and to the End of this present Session of Parliament, by an Act passed ill Continued by the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for continuing several 1 Geo. i. fi. 3,

Laws therein rn ntioned relating to Coals, Hemp and Flax, Irish and Scots Linen, a id the Assize of Bread, C i6,

and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter sessions for the Count of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas it hath been found by Expedience, That the Continuance of the said Act is and may be beneficial to both the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland: ' Be it therefore enacted by the The Ass 3 & 4 King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo ftno ? s 10 ral, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, thee^poitmi of the third and fourth Years of Queen Anne, £0 far forth as the same relates to the Exportation of Irish on ofirift Linen

Linen to the piaata

3

166

C 21,

Anno tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1716.

Linen Clothes to the British Plantations, shall be and the same is hereby continued in full Force so long as the Merchants and other Persons of Great Britain are or shall be permitted to import into Ireland, free of all Duties, such white and brown British Linen Cloth as is or shall be made and manufactured in Great Britain.

1, be imported to Ireland duty free. 1,'-

f!:;

II. And whereas foine Doubt has arisen, i whether Linens imported into this Kingdom from Ireland

tin ns shall continue in Force {) long as british Linen may

Aftrr June 24,

571 y^irish Linen impotted into

miy be exported en? stead, That all Linens made in Ireland and imported from thence into this Kingdom may, from and to the Planta after the twenty-fourth Day of Jane one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, be shipped off again and rions without exported for any of his Majesty's Plantations in America without being liable or subject to pay any Duty

paying any Duty. whatsoever..;:

not subject to pay any Duties upon the said Importation, should, upon being exported again for any of the British Plantations in America, become liable to pay a Duty ad Valorem Be it declared and enacted, That all Linens made in Ireland and imported from "thence into this Kingdom mav. from and

arm. ia. Clause for the Relief of John Fletcher, and for discharging his Security.

After Sept. 29, 1717. One C Mircty of the Penalties in ilidled by

Sc XI W. 3. < C 10. to prevent the Export tation of Wool, C from Ireland, other thane into England or Wale?, shall be to the Crown.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in that fourth and fifth Years in the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it was enacted, That where any salt or rock salt should be shipped in order for Exportation to Ireland', and the same should perish by sinking of the Ship; or Vessel on which the same should be shipped or laid on board, or should be taken by the Enemies, then and in such Case the Exporter or Proprietor of such Salt or rock salt so perishing or lost should, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace ait '* the General quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the Place from whence the same was so exported,

of the Loss of such Salt, receive from the Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them;

and upon producing the said Certificate to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on such Salt should have been paid or secured to be paid, such Security should be discharged, and so much Monty as was ac tually paid for the Duty of the said Salt, should be repaid upon Demand, provided such Proof be made within six Months after such Loss or taking as aforesaid: whereas John Fletcher did on or about the tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twelve put on board the Ship called the Salmon of Belfast one thousand and forty Bushels of white Salt for Belfast in Ireland, and in the said voyage the said Ship and Cargo and all the Crew, except one Man and a Boy, were lost in a violent Storm, and the £ Exporter having no Notice thereof in due Time, could not make Proof of the Loss of the said Salt with in the Time limited by the said Act of the fourth and fifth of her late majesty's Reign Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Proof made by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, as the said Act directs, and upon producing a Certificate, to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on such Salt shall have been paid or secured, such Security shall be discharged, and so much Money as was paid for the same shall be repaid by the said Officer without Fee or Reward.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled, An Aid to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen, Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted for preventing the Exportation of Woo! and other Woollen Goods therein mentioned out of the said Kingdom of Ireland, other than into the Kingdom of England or the Dominion of Wales, is given to' the Encouragement of setting up the Linen Manufactures in Ireland, to be disposed of by the Court of Exchequer there for that life only; which Disposition of the said Moiety has been found of very little Advantage to the said Linen Manufactures, but has tended very much to the Discouragement of Prosecutions made in pursuance of the said Act For the mote effectually putting the said Act in Execution, Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen the said Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures (after a Deduction made out of the said Moiety of the Charges of prosecution.and Condemnation.) shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his

After the said i2qth of Sept. Actions commenced in Ireland relating to

Hem

V

and Successors. And for the better

m.d. more impartial Trials of all such Actions and Informations which shall be commenced or prosecuted by virtue of any Act now in being made for the preventing the unlawful Exportation of Wool or Woollen Manufactures from the Kingdom of Ireland: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seven ot- wnol°rt&'on teen'UC^ Actions and Informat ons shall be tried in any of his Majesty's four Courts at Dublin, by a Jury a, 11 be tries by f g00^ and lawful Freeholders to be summoned out oft any other County than that wherein the Fast shall a Jury of any " be committed: And to encourage Persons to discover the said Crime, the first three Persons who have been

or assisting in carrying out or exporting of Wool or any other of the Commodities as afore

and (not of the said Penalties or kumliiment to De initiated oy tins or any other Act.

o; hri County aiding, abettin

Disco veters exempt from punishtnenr. Geo. 2. C

See farther concerning Linens 17 Geo. 2. c. 30. And concerning fyov!, fe farther Geo. 1. C I 25 Geo. 2. c. 2j. 25 Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Geo. 2. cs XI

13 Geo. 2. C 24, 27, & 36. 2. 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. 1?. Geo. 1. c. 34, 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

Geo. 'z. C 26. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46.

Geo. 1.. 23. 5 Geo. 2. C

29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 2 & 12 Geo. 2. C

32

21.

Anno

A.D. 1717. C 1 — -3.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnas Britannia, Francis Sc

Hibernias, quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Dtrnini one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Adjournments and Prorogations to the twenty - first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; the third Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised In Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen. 3*. in the Pound.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and for making forth Duplicates of exchequer bills, Lottery tickets and Orders lost, burnt or destroyed, -, for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

VIII. AND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and 1 o. Ann. p. t.

ljl. for any Perfort or Persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by this Act payable*, 6"' ' for any Cyder or Perry made in Great Britain, and to or for any other Person or Persons who shall buy der or heriy or be lawfully entitled to any such Cyder or Perry, for or in respect whereof the said Duties to his said that have paid Majesty hereby granted have been duly paid, to export such Cyder and Perry for any foreign Parts by waythe optics may of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the hipping thereof for Exportation, that the particu "i^not" lar Quantity of Cyder or Perry which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every Part there berelanded. ° of, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the Customer or Col left or of the respective Port from whence such Exportation is to be (without any Fee or Reward j is hereby directed and authorised to take in his Majesty's Name and to his Majesty's Use.

IX. Provided always, That if after the shipping of any such Cyder or Perry to be exported as afore Related, for said, and the giving or tendring such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback fdtedi and ll*e herein after mentioned, the Cyder or Perry so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be reland Gonci,

ed in any Part of Great Britain, That then and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty Use, all the Cyder and Perry which shall be so relanded, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall exon certificate port any Cyder or Perry into foreign Parts by way of Merchandise, fttall produce a Certificate or Certi that the Duties jicates from the Collector or Officer who received the Duty of such Cyder or Perry, that the Duty imposed k*ve kee|) paid, thereon by this Act hath been paid (which Certificate the Collector or Officer is hereby required to give, j; ve°, ner gratis) and making Oath before the Officer or Collector of the Port where the same shall be so exported, benture thereof, that the Cyder or Perry so exported is the same as is mentioned in such Certificate, then the Collector or chief Officers of the Port whete such Cyder or Perry shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate or Debenture expressing the true Quantity of the Cyder or Perry so exported or ship ped for Exportation; which Certificate or Debenture being produced to "the Collector or other Officer appointed to receive the said Duty in the County, Shire, Stuartry or Place where such Cyder or Perry was and the Duty exported, he is hereby required to pay the said Duty of four shillings\j>er Hogshead to the Persons or their to be repaid to agents so exporting the same; and in case the Collector or other Officer shall not have any Money in.tlleexporter, their Hands arising by the said Duties on Cyder and Perry to pay the same, then the respective of appointed for executing this Act are hereby required to pay the same out of the Duties arising by the said Act; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas diverse Dealers' in Cyder and Perry, and Persons receiving into their Custody great Quantities of Cyder and perry sent or brought to them front distant or remote Places, have frequently refused to permit the Officers of and for his Majesty's Duties of Excise to enter and go into the Cellars,

Storehouses and Places to them belonging, or by them used for the laying or keeping of such Cyder and Perry, and to gauge and take Accounts thereof for theascertaining and charging the Duties on such Cyder and Perry imposed thereon by several Acts heretofore made for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry, whereby his Majesty hath been defrauded in the said Duties granted by such Acts here

tofore*

16 7

r 6 8 ct

3*'

Anno quarto Georgii Regis. A.D. 171?*

tofore made; and whereas upon such Occasions such Dealers in Cyder and Perry and such other Persons have infilled, That such Cyder and Perry sent to or received by them ought not to be surveyed, gauged or taken Notice of by such Officer or Officers of Excise, unless Proof be made or produced of the re speiftive limes and Places when and where such Cyder and Perry were bought; and whereas the producing such Proof is altogether impracticable to be made by the Officer for the said Duties, especially in Cases and inllances. where such cyder.and Perry have been brought from remote Places Be it there ciiaigeabie/un fore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Dealer in Cyder or Perry, and icis they make Person or Persons as aforesaid so receiving into his, her or their Custody or Cullodies such Cyder and Perry, or either of them, shall be chargeable and hereby is, are and shall be charged v.sith the Duties upon Cyder and Perry by this Act granted and imposed, unless they respectively do and shall make it appear either that such Cyder and Perry was made of and from Fruit of his, her or their own Growth, and not of or from bought Fruit, or that the Duties on cyder and Perry hereby granted were and have been duly or that the Duty charged or duly paid for or in respect of such Cyder and perry; if any such Dealer or Dealers in cy rehifieci' rd'd' er lln<^ Perry or n ehher of them, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, upon due Requell or Demand re eras a t, na(je by any Officer or Officers of Excise in the daytime, shall refuse to permit or shall not permit such Officer or Officers to enter and go into all and every such Cellars, store houses or other Place or Places belonging to or used by such Dealer or Dealers, Person or Persons as aforesaid, and by gauging or otherwise to take Account and Accounts of all Cyder and Perry or of either of them, from Time to Time there found, every such Dealer and Dealers in Cyder and Perry or either of them, and every such Person or per fens as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be fried for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such ways, Means and Methods, as

Dealers in Cyder or Perry

it appear that the Cyder, &: C was made of Fruit of their own Growth,

to nee to Officers forfeics 20 I.

fines, $; C how to be sued for,

c&ccrnrg Malt any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by s>c.fiefinhr' Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, of 6 Gti. i. c.zi. in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary or Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one q Geo. i. C 3. Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and G' V - - other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or fuc for the same,

2 Gilt z. C u 8 Geo. 2. C I 15 Geo. 2. c. 1. 20 Geo. 2. c. 5k 27 Geo. 2.

33 Geo. 2. c. 3 6? 7. and see annual Malt aeh.

"clause for making forth Duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets and Orders lost, burnt or de "EXP."

Appropriation XIV and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent to his ma-01 'fe; Money jesty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Session r a band tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen;

"Parliament. find much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise and remain after all the

Loans made or to be made on that Act and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon this present Act, except so much thereof as is to be applied to the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest of the unsatisfied Loans upon the Lid former Act for the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry; and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry by this Act granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the Loans made and to be made on this Actor hereby directed to be discharged, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges by this Act allowable for raising the same Duties, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same, shall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be issued or applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seven hundred forty-four thousand eight hundred fifty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence, for or towards the naval Services following; that is to say, for or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea officers, and for or towards Victual, Wages, Wear and 'Fear of the Navy and victualling thereof, performed or to be performed; and for or towards sea service in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed; and any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred nxty five thousand three hundred and seventeen Pounds, for or towards Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy three thousand three hundred twenty seven Pounda twelve Shillings and eleven Pence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for or towards land services performed and to be performed; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of nine hundred and nineteen thousand seven hundred thirty-one Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces and other Services herein after expressed; is to say, any Sum not exceeding six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, fori defraying the Charge of sixteen thousand three hundred forty seven Men for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand seven hundred sixty six Pounds and five Shillings, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations in America for the Year one thousand seven

i6g

A.D. 1717. Anno quarto Georgii Regis, C 3*

hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding one thousand five hundred fifty-eight Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny, for Provisions for the Garrisons at platent!a and Annapolis for the 'f ear one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding two thousand eight hundred fifty-eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and ten Pence, lor Ordnance Stores and Provisions for thindependent Company in the Islands of Bahama and Providence in the Year one thousand seven bundled and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding fifty seven thousand six hundred thirteen Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and Garrisons in A'cinona for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding thirty-nine thousand three hundred eighty ivvo Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in Gibraltar for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding thirteen thousand five hundred fifty-one Pounds nine Shillings and five Pence, for Provisions for his Majesty's Garrison in Gibraltar for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds, for the extraordinary Charge of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea and the oui Pensioners for the Year one thousand f; ven hundred and eighteen, over and above the Poundage and Days Pay; and any Sum or Sums not exceeding ninety four thousand Pound upon account of bait pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's land forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the find half-pay, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there Sets f. to fttall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding five hundred eighty one thousand one hundredri, ake. "j^ninety six Pounds eight Shillings, to make good the Deficiencies of the Grants in Parliament for the yeary'^'1717^, e one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; any Sum not exceeding twenty-nine thousand six hundred. sj. <; i. fortyfive Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence h arching, for or towards enabling the Treasurer of the'q M the Navy to make good the Payments which in the Half Year, to end on the twenty feurffi Day of 'Jane onere: '.'rer ot thousand seven hundred and eighteen (if any) may be demanded of him pursuant to any former Actor Actsth6 '

of Parliament for completing the Funds of six hundred and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the south-sea Company; and that the Paid Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than towards the Uses and Purposes aforementioned.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Appropriation or other Matter or Thing in this Add contained shall obstruct or hinder any Payment or Payments which by and in pursuance

of an Add made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capital fov'!° 1* d*Stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and for supplyvtg thereby eight hundred twenty two thousand*'1'1'1' and thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence to public Uses; and for raising one hundred fxty nine, q7o i C. 1 thousand Pounds for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities, upon diverse Encouragements therein mentioned; and for '*

appropriating Jseveral Supplies granted to his Majesty, are or shall be required and authorised to be made by the Treasurer or pay master of the Navy for the Time being, or by any other Persons to be ir.ti ufted with the publick Moneys for the Service of the Navy, out of such public Moneys, Tallies, Orders or Parliamentary Securities in their Hands or Power relpeddively, as are or hall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies to be incurred on or before the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and eighteen to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America and for encouraging the Fishery, or to their Treasurer for their Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, That such Sums as by or in pursuance of any other Act of Parliament are or dfor thecom shall be due or payable to any Commissioners for taking, examining, stating and determining the Debts missione set tba due to the Army, or to any Commissioners for dating the Debts due and to grow due to Scotland by way ^ralsat* of Equivalent, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks or other incident Charges, shall or may be paid out "1^' 'e of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And as to the said Sum not exceeding ninety four thousand Pounds by this Add appropriated upon account of half-pay as aforesaid. It is' hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say,

1. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of six rules to be ob teen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced. krve<jin rlle

2. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual ser vice in same Regiment, Troop or Company.

3. That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his ma jerty, snail have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

4. That no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

5. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since.

6. That no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers.

7. And that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland; except to such as were taken oft' the Efi; a blishment of half-pay in Great Britain,

ijo C 4 — 6. Anno quarto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1717.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for finishing the Tower of the Parish Church of St. Michael Cornhill, London, out of the Duties arising pursuant to the Act of the ninth Year of the late Queen for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof.

PR.

The Tower of St. Michael Cornhill shall be finished according to the Model by which it is begun. For which Purposes the Commissioners shall issue 61261. 1 s. 5d. out of the Duty granted by the Act of9 Ann. C 22.

CAP VI

An Act for Relief of the wholesale Traders and Dealers in English bone lace, by obviating several Doubts in the several Acts for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars,

Sag w. 3.? 117

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament held in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late

co..' Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for licensing Haiukers and Pedlars, for a Provision of Payment of the Inter eft of the transport debt for the reducing of Ireland, it was enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, until the five and twentieth Day of June which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and nine ty eight, there should be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, by every Hawker, ' Pedlar and petty Chapman, or any other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town or to 6 other Mens Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse, Horses or otherwise within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as therein after is ex e cepted) carrying to sell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, a Duty of four Pounds; C and that every Person so travelling with Horse, Ass or Alule, or other Beast bearing or drawing Burden, should pay the Sum of four Pounds from the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety seven to the five and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight for each Horse, Ass or Mule, or other Beast bearing or drawing Burden, he or she should so travel with, ' over and above the said first mentioned Duty of four Pounds; and should have or.take such such Licence as by the said Act is directed: whereas it was therein further enacted, That if any such Hawker, ' Pedlar or petty Chapmen, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, should be found trading as aforesaid without or contrary to such Licence, such Person should for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twelve Pounds, the one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offender should y&iow. 3. ' be discovered: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have been, by another Act made

c. 17. ' in the ninth and tenth Years of his said Majesty, and by other subsequent Acts, continued to this Time

And whereas several of the Makers and Traders in English bone lace, who trade by wholesale, and em ploy many thousands of poor People in the said Manufacture of bone lace, have been lately informed £ against, prosecuted and molested in the carrying on their Trades, under Pretence that they ought to take and have Licences according to the Directions and Provisions of the Act before mentioned, or of some !So Make, or other Acts touching Hawkers and Pedlars Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent wfiolefaletra Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in rfer in Eojtife this i>resent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person, being a Maker or itooeuce (Sall be wholesale Trader in English bone lace and selling the same by wholesale, shall be adjudged, deemed or deemed a hawk to a ffawker, Pedlar or petty Chapman within the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such Person or Persons, his, her or their Children, Apprentices, Servants or Agents (felling by wholesale only) shall and may go from House to House, and from Shop to Shop, to any of their Customers (who fell again by Wholesale or Retail) without being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in any of the said Acts touching Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen, anything in the said Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with ftajading.

A.D. 1717. Anno quarto Georgii Regis.

C

171

CAP. VII.

An act for making more effectual an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the consump tion of Raw Silk and Mohair Tarn.

by the said Act For Remedy whereof, and making the said recited Act of Parliament more effectual, 463' 5 w. 0? M.

Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lordsc jo spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the to V c' same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, no After March 25, Taylor, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall make, fell, i"'s> notay seton, use or bind, or shall cause to be made, sold, seton, ufea or bound, on any Clothes or wearing V

Garments whatsoever, any Buttons or button holes made of, or used or bound with Cloth, Siege, Drug ^, C any sir get, Frize, Camblet, or any Stuffs that Clothes or wearing Garments are usually made of, upon the for tonnes or ifotton feiture of the Sum of forty Shillings for every Dozen of such Buttons and button holes so made, sold, set holes mfoa of on, used or bound, or shall cause to be made, sold, seton, used or bound, as aforesaid, or in proportion clo; h' for any lesser Quantity, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon cn

the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit, as aforesaid, to be recovered and dif Penalty of 40s.' tributed as is afterwards provided for by this Act. per Doaen. By 7 Geo. 1. Scat. 1. C 1z. §. 1. 40 s. is laid on the Wearer.

II. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be confirmed to extend to any Clothes Not to extend to

or wearing Garments made of Velvet. Clothes made of

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons inhabiting or being in <nvd5'n any Gaol or House of Correction, or within the Rules or Liberties of any Gaol or House of Correction, gaols, "ac!" 5 or shall inhabit or dwell in any privileged Place, or within the Liberties of the same, committing any of ofttnding against fence or Offences against this Act, he, she or they so offending, as aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted this Act, ftali of the same, as is before directed by this Act, he, fly or they shall be subject to the forfeitures and Penal fuli &: o tic ties as in this Act mentioned; any Law, Statute, Custom or Thing to the contrary in any wise not with cnl ues' handing.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences committed against: this Act, shall Pretention in

be prosecuted within three Months after the same is committed or discovered. ev.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act shall be heard and|?asness to, 'DC determined by one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town or

Place where the same shall be discovered, or tvhere such Offender doth inhabit, such Justice or Justicesj being not concerned in the Matter of the said Complaint, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer; On Oath of and all and every the said Penalties and Forfeitures which strall happen by virtue of this Act shall be distri one v'itnels buted and paid, after the Charges of such Conviction being first deducted; one Moiety to him or them northeast has of who shall inform or prosecute for the same, the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township orfarmer* Place where the Offence shall be discovered; and in case any Offender shall neglect or refuse to pay any ^crlo'

such Penalties and Forfeitures, being lawfully demanded, by the Space of fourteen Days next after con the Poor. viction for such Offence, as aforesaid, that then such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to issue out one or more Warrant ror Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals to the Constable or Constables of the Parish, Town or Place where such Offender doth inhabit, or can be found, to levy the same by be levied by

Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner: and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Goal for the afterconvi£tton. County, City, Town or Place where such Offender strall be found, there to be kept to hard Labour for For want of di and during the Space of three Calendar Months. firers. Offenders to be committed for three Months.

VI. Provided, 7 hat if any Person or Persons find him or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant Persons aggrieved made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon any such Conviction before him or them, as afore may app "'!° said, such Person or Persons may appeal to the General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, II iucr s; ioc, Riding, City or Corporation where such Conviction shall be made, giving sufficient Notice of such Appeal;

and the Determination of such Justices in such Sessions shall be final; and the said Justices shall allow whose determi such Coils and Charges to the Party aggrieved as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in nation Tnali be such Manner as is usual in other Cases of Appeals from the Orders of any Justices of the Peace to the q^srmy Quarter sessions. a °"

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be com persons foed menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted, such Person or Persons may plead may Plead the the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become ^foiu^cover nonsuited, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or a Verdict pass against him, or Judge t'rnebic coou^' meat upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his or their treble Costs, for which he

and they shall have like Remedy, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Clothes or wearing Garments, which Such Clothes

shall be made with Buttons and Button holes of the same Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Frize, Camblet ore, '

Z 2, 0^may

17 2

C 8, 9.

Anno quarto Georgii Regis,

A.D. 1717.

Taylor?, C causing ihcir Apprentices,

Sec. to make Ciotnc -- contrary to brat, fh.uj be hibje^l to the Penalties, lo be taken as a public ah

other Stuffs, of which the said Clothes or wearing Garments are trade, and shall be rxposed to Sale in any Fair or Market, or in any Shop or Warehousr, or in any dwelling house or other Place whatsoever, the same find! be subject and liable to be forfeited and seized, and applied to the Uses in this at mentioned, to be recovered as other Forfeitures and Penalties are by this Act to be recovered.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Taylor, or other Person or Persons, shall cause his or their Apprentice or Servants to make any cio hes or wearing Garments contrary to this Act, th: t in such Cases the said Master taylor, or such other Person or Persons which caused the said Clothes or wearing Garments to be so made, or shall be any ways entitled to the Moneys for making the said Clothes or wearing Garments, made as aforesaid, Hull be fitbjeft to the Forfeitures and Penalties in this Act mentioned, to be had and recovered, as other Forfeitures and Penalties are to be recovered by this Add; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom, and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without special pleading the same.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for vesting the forfeited Efrates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public; and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims; and for the more efreftual bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates till sold.

EXP.

L All Honours, Lordships, Manors, &c. by 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 50. veiled in his Majesty, for the Use of "the Public, hall fcs vested in the Commissioners, &c. 'So be sold for the Use of the Public. Com "to proceed in a summary Way, and to determine every Claim before them by 25 a 'arch 1719. "Commissioners a Court of Record: Their Determinations final, except Appeal within 20 Days. Ap — "pedants rr.uft prefevtt their Exceptions to the Commissioners, to be entered in Books, and a Transcript "d to the Court of Delegates. His Majesty may appoint any five of the Judges to be a Court "of Dekgages. Claims on real Estates determined to be just; are to order the Sheriffs to te cause Volt id on to be delivered to the Claimants. After 2 5 March 1718, Commissioners may sell the "forfeited Estates vested in them. Purchasers to be Protestants. Sale to be by Auriion. purchase money "to be paid into the Exchequer. Commissioners to execute an Indenture of Bargain and Sale, to be in "in Chancery, &c. Purchasers to hold the same for such Estates and Interests, as shall be conveyed "to them, freed from all Arrears of Quit Rent, &c. Crown Lands in the Hands of at in ted Persons "remain in the Possession of the Crown, &c. 1 xplained by 5 Geo. 1. c. 22. feit. 12. Commissioners "raa 1'ummon Sequestrators, who retain any Part of the forfeited Estates, fac. and in a summary Way "may inquire by Witnesses, &c. and settle the Sums payable by them on account of their Intromissions, "(Ac. In case of Refusal may certify into the Exchequer. Tenants o." attainted Persons V ho have paid "their Rents to them before their Attainders, and other Accountants, discharged. Time for Discovery "till 25 March 17 9. Creditors to be paid their Claims in the first Place. All Moneys received "by Grantees from his Majesty, shall be taken as so much received by such Claimants in Discharge of the "i.state so claimed, 13c. His Majesty before 1 Aug. 1718, may make Provision for Wives of forfeiting "Persons. All Convictions, cac. finee 24 June 1715, and before 1 June 1716, not reversed, &c. before "24 June 1718, eiteftual. Each Commissioner shall have 1000l. per Annum. Salaries for Clerks and in "Charges shall be paid by the Exchequer, tax free.'" See 13 Geo. I. C 28. 18 Geo. 2. c. 37.

10, 0001. ap

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enrdted, That of the Net Moneys, which shall arise by Sale eua n chon^and Interests, or by the Rents and Profits thereof till Sale, after Allowance and satis ia.: tieh hands d dtion of all just and lawful Claims thereupon, and after Payment of such Sums as by any Cjause or of scoiiai.d, Games in this or the said former at are authorised to be issued out for the Salaries of the said of and Trustees, or for incident Charges, or for Rewards to Discoverers, or any other Clause touching, which any special Provision is made by this or the said former Act, all the Charges of Prosecution relating to the said forfeited Estates being discharged or reimbursed, a Sum not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds -- shall be appropriated and applied towards the makings Capital Stock for a yearly Interest or Income out of the Moneys which shall arise by the Sale of the said Estates which lie in Scotland, and not otherwise, towards erering and maintaining Schools in the Highlands of Scotland, according to such Ways and Methods, and, in such Manner, as by any future at or Acts of Parliament to be made and passed for that Purpose, shall anatheremstn he directed and appointed; and ail and every the other Moneys which shall arise by the said Sale, and inp the Publiit" Rents and Profits aforesaid, are and shall be appropriated and applied towards the Discharge of the public Btbts* UK' Debts of the Nation.

cs Proviso for the Claimants on an Annuity of 50c0l. per Annum in Ireland., granted to the late Duke of "Ormond. Former Grants by his Majesty, good. Proviso for Simon Lord Lovat. Proviso for Aonelia "Lady Lovat. Houses, &c. burnt in Scotland or Prejron shall be made good. Proviso for the Children of "John Balfour, Henry Balfour, John Carjlatrs, Patrick Seaton, and Robert Rollo. Time enlarged for "entering Claims to 1 June 1718. Children of forfeiting Persons, to whom Grants are made, shall be "educated in the Protelbant Religion.

CAP. IX.

An act to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army;: and to examine, and state the Demands of several Foreign Princes and States for. Subsidies during the late War. EXP. CAP.

A.D. 1717.

C 10.

Anno quarto Georgii Regis.

173

CAP. X

An Act for making the Dividend of subscribed Lottery annuities, and other Annuities established by several Acts of Parliament, payable half yearly at the Bank of England.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of his prefer Geo. 1.

Vv majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Dull s and Revenues which were ftth d to Pny °jf Princi at and Inter ejl on the Orders made forth on four lottery acts pajjitd in the ninth and tenth Years of h I tc adtje/ly's Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary E ijr,

accordin'.; to a former Art in that Behalf; and for establishing a get oral yearly Fund, not only for the future P, y ' went of Annuities, at several Rates, to be payable and transf rr able at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Pardoment; but also to raj: Moneys for Inch Proprietors of the said Orders, as fall chcofe. to l>c paid Heir Pi >nipal and Arrears of Inter cjl in Ready Mon y; and for making good such other D fid endcs and Payments as in this Act are mentioned; and for taing off te Duties on Lin fed imported, and Bricifh Limn imported,

Jt is amongst other Things enacted, jli.it all the Annuities at several Rates charged upon and payable out of the Moneys of the General Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, by the said Act C fb iblished 1 o intended to be eilublifnej, should be paid and payable by quarterly Payments, at the four most usual 4 b eads in the Year (that is to say) The Feuds of the Birtn of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Bleifed Virgin Al rv, the.nativity of St. John the Baptist, and St. Michael the Archangel, by even and cq us! Portions, or within six Days after every of the said feast days for ever, or until Redemption or Redemptions thereof In all be made, according to the Provisoes contained in the said Act: And whereas the Proprietors in the said several Annul ies made payable by the said Act, do consist of many thousand 4 P dons; and t is found by Experience, That the Adjusting and Stating the Accounts of the said Pro prietors, in order to the making a Dividend every Quarter of a Year, as the said Act directs, doth take up lb miici Time, that the t.ansfer books must of Necessity be kept shir up for a long while together,

to the grea inconvenience and Detriment of the said Proprietors: 'For Remedy whereof for the future.

Be it enacted, ssc.

14 R deemed 5 Geo. 1. c. 3. fest. 1. After Chrijhnas 1717, the Annuities made payable by the recited "Act, lhu.ll be paid out of the General Fund by that Act established, by half yearly Payments."

II. And whereas in an 1 by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the said third Year of his Ma 3 Geo. 1. c. 17, jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to <ppoint Commissioners to take, examine, flat, and determine the Debts due to ihe Army, the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty in pursuance thereof,

or any four or more of them, were and are authorised to take. Hate and determine such Accounts,

Claims and Demands as are therein mentioned, and after such Determinations respectively, to certify the same to the respective Paymasters therein mentioned, and to whom the same were or are respectively due; and the said Paymaster or Paymasters respectively were and are thereby directed and required to make out Debentures to the Officers", Engineers, Gunners and other Persons to whom the Moneys so certified to be due should respectively belong, in the Manner and Form by that Act prescribed: it was thereby enacted, That the said Debentures fnoald carry an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sevenceen, and to hi paid and payable quarterly, a cor ling to fotne other Act or Acts of that Session of Parliament in that Behalf: And whereas it is conceived, th t the said Interest after the Rate of four Po nds per Centum p r Annum, clue and to grow due upon the Debentures made forth, or to be made forth by virtue of the said for rei Act, or auy other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, may with more Ease to the Proprietors thereof, be satisfied half yearly, as Annuities after the same Rate, by the caltiier for the Time being of the Governor and '.ompany of the Bank of England, and that the Pay meats thereof may be accounted for n the Manner and Form by this and the la d first Act above recited prescribed, for, touching or concerning the several Annuities thereby made payable by such Cashier: '

Be it therefore further enacted, C

44 So much of the said General Fund as shall be fufneient to answer the Interest on the Debentures made out by virtue of the Act 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. ilin.ll be ifilted half yearly to the Cashier of the Bank, who shall apply the same accordingly: Acco mtant general of th: Bank to inspect the Payments. Paymasters to certify to the said Cahier and Accountant what Debentures have been ma ft forth; who shall enter the same in Books, and give Certificates gratis to the Prop: ietors, ho after June 24, ryiy, shall be entitled to the said Interest at 4l. per Centum. Annuities to be fe fbna. Eft te: and be deemed Capital Stock,

and transferrable or deviseabls. So much o; the General Fund as will satisfy the said Annuities, shall be issued half yearly to the Cashier of the Bank. Annuities fu ojeft to Redemption." [Redeemed 5 Geo.

["IC. 3.]

C

II

Anno quarto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1717.

CAP. XI.

An act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effbclual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates.

This Act is in

6 Geo. !. C 23. s

3 Ed. 1. C 9. C 11 Ed. 1. fiat, z,

( 1, 2, & 6. as H. 8. C 3. '

IV. S' if. '

r 8. C

IV. & M. 9.. 70 a 11 V 3. r. 13.

Ann. C 3t,

1 z Ann. fiat. 1

I.

WHEREAS it is found by Experience, That the Punishments inflicted by the Laws now in Force against the Offences of Robbery, Larceny and other felonious Taking and Stealing of Money and Goods, have not proved effectual to deter wicked and evil disposed Persons from being guilty £ of the said Crimes: And whereas many Offenders to whom Royal Mercy hath been extended, upon Condition of transporting themselves to she West indies, have often neglected to perform the said condition, but returned to their former Wickedness, and been at last for new Crimes brought to a shameful and ignominious Death: And whereas in many of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, ' there is great Want of Servants, who by their Labour and fnduftry might be the Means of improving and making the said Colonies and Plantations more useful to this Nation: ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Person or Persons have been convicted of any Offence within the Benefit of Clergy, before the twentieth Day of Persons who be January one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and are liable to be whipped or burnt in the Hand, or fore the 20th of have been ordered to any Workhouse, and who shall be therein on the said twentieth Day of January; as jan. 1717, have also where any Person or Persons shall be hereafter convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any felonious been convicted of Stealing or Taking of Money or Goods and Chattels, either from the Person, or the House of any other, th^benefit ofn or n any ot^er Manner, and who by the Law shall be entitled to the Benefit of Clergy, and liable only to cler»vvnd<alfot^e Penalties of Burning in the Hand or Whipping, (except Persons convicted for receiving or buying such ojshall stolen Goods, knowing them to be stolen) it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom they were

hsre.ftm be convicted, or any Court held at the same Place with the like Authority, if they think fit, instead of ordering

vxce Receivers any oft'en<k*'s10 be burnt 'n the Hand or whipped, to order and direct, That such Offenders, as also such and guyers'of" Offenders in any Workhouse, as aforesaid, shall be sent as soon as conveniently may be, to some of his Helen Goods, majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America for the Space of leven Years; and that Court before whom shall be font to they were convicted, or any subsequent Court held at the same Place, with like Authority as the former, the Plantations f!lajj have Power to convey, trail fer and make over such Offenders, by Order of Court, to the Use of any The court^efcre ^er^'on or j'crsons wno contract for the Performance of such Transportation, to him or them, and his whorr.°convicted m.d. their Assigns, for such Term of seven Years; and where any Persons have been convicted, or do now to con?raft for stand attainted of any Offences whatsoever, for which Death by Law ought to be inflicted, or where any their Transpor Offenders shall hereafter be convicted of any Crimes whatsoever, for which they are by Law to be excluded ration. the Benefit of Clergy, and his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be graciously pleased to extend Royal

«dof otrncei, ^ercy to any such Offenders, upon the Condition of Transportation to any Part of America, and such Into which they tention of Mercy be signified by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries oi State, It shall and may be law are eluded the full to and for any Court having proper Authority, to allow such Offenders the Benefit of a Pardon under Bencfitof Clergy, the Great Seal, and to order and direct the like Transfer and Conveyance to any Person or Persons, (who vers and Buyers contrail for the Performance of such Transportation) and to his and their Assigns, of any such before tif stolen Goods mentioned Offenders, as also of any Person or Persons convicted of receiving or buying ffolen Goods, may be trans knowing them to be stolen, for the Term of fourteen. Years, in case such Condition of Transportation be ported for general, or else for such other Term or Terms as shall he made Part of such Condition, if any particular j4 Years; Time be specified by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons so coiitraft n'rfors contracting, as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer, as aforesaid, shall have their Transpor a Property" and Interest in the Service of such Offenders for such Terms of Years.

ration, shall have a Property in their Service.

Returning before

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offender or Offenders, so ordered the Expiration 0; by any such Court to be transported for any Term of seven Years or fourteen Years, or other Time

the Term, shall Qr — '1 1 ——

be punished with any

Times, as aforesaid,

shall return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland before the End of hi

is or

Death.' so cir laid Term, he or she so returning, as aforesaid, shall be liable to be punished as any Person attainted

of Felony without the Benefit of Clergy; and Execution may and shall be awarded against such The King may Offender or Offenders accordingly: Provided nevertheless, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, pardon inch may at any Time pardon and dispense with any such Transportation, and allow of the Return of any though oftimjer°ri' ich Offender or Offenders from America, he or they paying their Owner or Proprietor, at the Time payinghisqwnci of such Pardon, Dispensation or Allowance, such Sunt of Money as final 1 be adjudged reasonable by such Sum astv.oany two Justices of the Peace residing within the Province where such Owner dwells; and where any Justices hall such Offenders shall be transported, and shall have served their respective Terms, according to the Order s*rvi«of the any, rucn Court, as aforesaid, such Services shall have the Effect of a Pardon to all Intents and Pur term th°ll have P" es': ls fr that Crime or Crimes for which they were so transported, and shall have so served, as the Eft' a of a aforesaid.

Pardon.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person or Persons to whom

Contractors tn any such Court shall order any such Offenders to be transferred or conveyed, as aforesaid, before any of give, econry^or tjje m ye yeijvere(j over l0 such Person or Persons, or his or their Assigns, to be transported, as afore

2 Lord

the Tianlportd

A.D. 1717. Anno quarto Georgii Regis. C it. 175

said, he or they shall Contrail: and agree with such Person or Persons as shall be ordered and appointed by1'0" of such oi such Court, as aforesaid, and give sufficient Security the Satisfaction of such Court, that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually such Offenders so conveyed to him or them, as aforesaid.

Irt ni lr»c o, fcc. id d, '].< V be fuf

: 1.

any. ivr 6 c7?5. i. C

to some of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, as shall be ordered; y the said Court, and? procure an authentic Certificate from the Governor, or the chief custom house Officer of tile Placeca,

(which Certificate they are hereby required to give forthwith, without Fee or rev ard, as soon as con" ni wivi cntly may he) of the Landing of such Offenders so transferred, as aforesaid, in that pl.ce where to they;, 'shall be ordered, (Death and Casualties of the Sea excepted) and that none of the said Offenders shall i: suffered to return from the said Place to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of such i)is af.uk. Person or Persons so contracting, as aforesaid, or by the wilful Default of his or their Assigns.

IV. And whereas there are several Persons who have secret Acquaintance with Felons, and who make Person taking it their Business to help Persons to their itolen Goods, and by that Means gain Money from them, R'warns for

which is divided between them and the Felons, whereby they greatly encotirage such offenders be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where ever any Person taketh Money or Reward, directly or in assfv',; V of directly, under Pretence or upon Account of helping any Person or Persons to any stolen Goods or (" h. ri;, e t, i vco be tels, every such Person so taking Money or Reward, as aforesaid; such Person «'oth apprehend, ort rongbtiutrlb. cause to be apprehended, such Felon who Hole the same, and cause such Felon to be brought to his Trial 1, '! b. c. £ij'v> f for the same, and give Evidence against him) shall be guilty of Felony, and suffer the Pains and Penalties; of Felony, according to the Nature of the Felony committed in Ifealing such Goods, and in such and the) same Manner as if such Offender had himself sole such Goods and Chattels, in the Manner, and with such Circumstances as the same were stolen.

V. And whereas there are many idle Persons, who are under the Age of one and twenty Years,

lurking about in diverse Parts of London, and elsewhere, who want Employment, and may be tempted to become Thieves, if not provided for: And whereas they may be inclined to be transported, and to enter into Services in some of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, but as they have no Power to contract for themselves, and therefore that it is not safe for Merchants to transport them, or take Merchants, or them into such Services Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person of the Age others, may con of fifteen Years or more, and under the Age of twenty-one, shall be willing to be transported, and to enter with per into any Service in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, It shall and may be lawful for ^, e any Merchant, or other, to contrast with any such Person for any such Service, not exceeding the Term tov.ae them of eight Years; provided such Person so binding him or herself do come before the Lord Mayor of London, in America for or some other Justice of the Peace of the City, if such Contrail be made within the same, or the libertie ss Years, thereof, or before fume other two Tuflices of the Peace of the Place where such Contrail shall be made, proyi<icil, 1', irl1 if made elsewhere, and before such Magistrate or Magistrates acknowledge such Consent, and do sign such j^ehaconsent contrail in his or their Presence, and with his or their Approbation; and that then it shall be lawful for betorea Justice any such Merchant or other, to transport such Person so binding him or herself, and to keep him or her of reace, within any of the said Plantations or Colonies, according to the Tenor of such Contraif, as aforesaid; anyandl", 2ntbel ame Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; which said Contraif and Approbation of such vit.h his apr" Magistrate or Magistrates, with the Tenor of such Contraif, shall be certified by such Magistrate or Ma sucacontraft. gistrates to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, held for that County where such Magistrate orc. to be certi magistrates shall reside, to be regiffred by the Clerk of the Peace without Fee or Reward. tied to the Quarter Sessions.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day A, ter Jan .2°> of January one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, if any Person or Persons shall be in Prison, for want Arrifonedlnr of sufficient Bail, for unlawful Exportation of Wool or Woolsells, and shall refuse to appear or plead to a Exportation ot Declaration or Information to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the Gaoler, Keeper or Turn wcqi, C rc key of the Prison, at the said Prison, for the said Offence, by the Space of one Term, Judgement shall befuf, n3 w plead, entered against him by Default; and in case Judgement shall be obtained against any such Person or Persons jjaenued'a^nf!: 'by Default, Verdict, or otherwise, and such Person or Persons shall not pay the Sum recovered againstt|, en. bvdefcuk. him or them for the said Offence, within the Space of three Months after entering up of such j udgment, the and not paying Court before whom such Judgement shall be obtained shall, by Order of Court, cause such Offender or thesumrecover offenders to be transported, in the same Manner as Felons aforesaid, for the Term of seven Years; and such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland, before die Expiration of the said fa iaanen3' seven Years, he or they shall suffer as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them, as Persons shall lufc as' attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. such. Sail Gen. %. C si.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That all and every Person and Persons who have committed or shall offendersagainfe commit any Offence or Offences, for which: hey ought, to be adjudged, deemed and taken to be Pirates, A 11 & 1 felons or Robbers, by an Act made in the Parliament held in the eleventh and twelfth Years of theaj isrnjy Reign of his late Majesty King ifilliarn the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effechtal Suppression a/iiirected by Piracy, may be tried and judged for every such Offence in such Manner and Form as in and by an Act S Hen. S. c.n;. made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth is directed and appointed for^afmber 6 Geo. the Trial of Pirates, and shall and ought to be utterly debarred and excluded from the Benefit of Clergy qj' J'

for the said Offences; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, 'm* effisue!

Suppiejfon of Piracy, and excluded from Clergy,

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to This Act hall

such Persons as shall be convicted or attainted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. c'caand"'1

IX. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall extend to all his Majesty's Dominions in America, and3ut'to alj the

shall be taken as a public AL King's Domini --

on&in America, and.be taken as a public Act. see.farther 7 Geo 2. C 21. 8 Geo. 2. c. 16, 22 Geo. 2. c. 24. 46,

---

175 C. 12 — 14. Anno quarto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1717.

CAP. XII.

An Act for inforcing and making perpetual an Act of the twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the preferring of all such Ships and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions; and for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy Ships.

[12 Ann. Stat, 2. c. 18. 5 Ed. 1. c. 4. 4 El. 1. Stat.2.]

WHEREAS the Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne intituled, An Act for the preserving of all such Ships and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon the Coast of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions, will expire at the present Session of Parliament, unless the same be continued: And whereas the said Act hath been found by Experience to be of great Use and Benefit to the Seafaring Men and Merchants of this Kingdom, and other his Majesty's Dominions: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made perpetual, intituled,

[The Recited Act made perpetual. 12 Ann. Stat. 2. c. 18.]

An Act for the preserving of all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions, and all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and is hereby declared to be made perpetual.

[The said Act shall not extend to the Admiralty Court of the Cinque ports.]

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not be construed to extend to, or any ways affect the ancient Jurisdiction and Usage of the Admiralty-Court of the Cinque-ports, or the Officers thereto belonging; but the proper Officers of the said Admiralty-court shall be and are hereby authorized and impowered to put the said Act in Execution, within the Jurisdiction of the said Cinque-ports, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Person or Persons are by the said Act appointed to do in any other Parts of this Kingdom.

[After Jun 24 1718, any Owner, Captain &c. willfully destroying any Ship to prejudice the Insurers, shall suffer Death. By 11 Geo. 1. c. 9. sect 6. This clause is explained and the offender ousted of clergy.]

III. And for the effectual preventing the wilful carting away, burning, or otherwise destroying Ships by the Owners, Matters and Mariners thereof, and thereto belonging; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner of, or Captain, Matter, Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven to prejudice the hundred and eighteen, wilfully cast away, burn or otherwise destroy the Ship of which he is Owner, or unto which he belongeth, or in any Manner of wise direct or procure the same to be done, to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons that shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, he shall suffer Death.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts of the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William the Third, and second and third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

PR.

The Acts 11 & 12 W. 3. c. 5. and 2 & 3 Ann. c. 7. for Repair of Dover Harbour, continued from May 1, 1718, to May 1, 1727.

[Further continued by XI Geo. 2. c. 7.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, for building fifty New Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields in the County of Middlesex to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty New Churches.

PR.

The Commissioners appointed in pursuance of 9 Ann. c. 22. and 10 Ann. c. 11. may cause the Church of St. Giles in the Fields to be rebuilt.

Anno Regni Georgii Regis Magnæ Britanniæ, Franciæ & Hiberniæ, quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and from there continued by several Prorogations to the eleventh Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, being the fourth Session of this present Parliament.

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 1, 2. 177

CAP. I.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen.

---

CXXIII. AND whereas the Sum of one hundred thirty-nine thousand nine hundred fifty-eight How tl.c deii jtv. Pounds six Shillings and twopence, was paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy cienc>'°, r 4 to the south sea Company, out of Money provided for the Service of his Majesty's Navy for the Year q1 f0t\hc. 4 one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, pursuant to Adds of Parliament in that Behalf, for completing Year i m, to the Funds of six hundred and eight thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the said Company, or the the Treasurer of Arrearages thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclu the Nlvr lively: And whereas a Sum not exceeding twenty nine thousand six hundred fortyfive Pounds eightbe made sod'

Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, by an Add of the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, was appropri + G: j c. 3.

ated for or towards enabling the Treasurer of the Navy to make good the Payments, which in the Half year ending on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen might be dc 1 inanded of him, pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament for completing the said Funds of six hundred eight thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the said Company; and the said Sum of twenty nine thousand six hundred fortyfive Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence F arthing, hath been ifiucd to the said Treasurer, and paid or directed to be paid accordingly, so that so much of the said Deficiency as still remains to be made good to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, doth amount to one hundred ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence three Farthings: And whereas some Doubts have been made in the Construction of certain Clauses in an Act of Parliament of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, made for the redeeming the then yearly Fund of the said Com 3 Gi C 7>

pany; by which Clauses it was enacted, That in default of supplying such Deficiency in the Manner thereby prescribed, the same shotdd be made good out of the general yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one fifth Part of ' a Penny, by another Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, established or intended to be efta 3 Ge, !' c' '

bliflted, as by the said several Acts (Relation being thereunto respectively had) may more fully appear Now for obviating all Doubts concerning the refunding of the said Sum of one hundred ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, It is hereby declared and enacted, C

The said Deficiency amounting to one hundred ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seventeen "and fourpence three Farthings, shall be made good to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Account, out of the general yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one fifth Part of a Penny, or out of Money to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing Annuities, charged on the general Fund, and transferable at the Bank." [Of this Money 107, 8021. 17s. 4d. 3q. was subscribed into south-sea Stock, pursuant to 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. and the Residue redeemed 10 Geo. 1. c. 5.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and for enlarging the Time for entering at the Exchequer such Alignments of Reversionary Annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment.

VIII. AND whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of w King 1 Villi am and Queen Mary, of glorious Memory, for granting certain Rates and Dutiesc 3 ' of excise, for securing certain Recommences and Advantages to such as ltiould advance the Sum of one 1 Million towards carrying on the then War against France: It was enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any Contributor, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by any Writing under Hand and Seal, or by his raft Will in Writing, to assign or devise any one or more Share or Shares of the Fund therein mentioned to any Person or Persons, and no such Assignment to be, revocable, so as an Entry or Memorandum thereof were made in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of two Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor; and upon producing such Assignment or Will, the Party was and is to bring an Affidavit of the Execution thereof to bellied, as is herein specified; And whereas in purfuar.ee of an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his said late 9*laxt. 3.

majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates or Interests in the Annuitiesc therein mentioned, several reversionary Tallies were truck, and Orders thereupon drawn, for Payment of reversionary Annuities, in the Name of Richard then Earl of Ranelagh of the Kingdom of Ireland, and by him issued out to such Uses as in and by the said Act were directed; some Doubt, arising whether

the Alignments made by the said Earl on the Back of the said Orders were according to the Form pre

4 (bribed by the said former Act, It was by another Act. of the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's11*11 w 3*

Reign enacted, That all and every the said endorsed Alignments then made, or thereafter to be made byc* 3 fcct n

vojl, V A a ' the

'm78

Anno quinto Georgii Regis.

Commissioners for the Duty on Leather may order new Stamps as Occasion shall require.

9 Ann. C u.

10 Ann. C 19.

Penalty for counterfeitin' the new Stamps.

9 Ann. C 11*

A.D. 1718.

1 the said late Earl, or other Person or Persons authorised to make the same, for conveying the said Tallies and ord.rs to such Persons, and to such Uses, as in the said recited Act are specified, and all other Assignments, whether endorsed or otherwise, made by virtue of and subsequent to such endorsed Assign ments, should be good in Law, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such subsequent Assignments be made in the said Office of the Receipt, before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, ' as by the said several Acts (Relation being thereunto respectively had) may more fully appear: And whereas several of the said Tallies which were (truck, and the Orders thereupon drawn, for Payment of such reversionary Annuities, as aforesaid, in the Name of the said late Earl, and which were assigned by 1 him, as aforesaid, have been assigned over by several subsequent Assignments, by endorsing the Name of the Assignor on the Order, or otherwise, and it is doubted whether such subsequent Assignments made on the Back of the same Orders (not being entered within the Time limited by the said former Act) be good and valid in the Law Nov to the End that all Persons who now are, or at any Time hereafter shall or may be possessed of or interested in any of the said Tallies and Orders, may have and be inverted in a good and lawful Title to the same; It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said endorsed Assignments, made or to be made in pursuance of and subsequent to any the said Assignments of the said late Earl (whether such subsequent Assignment be or shall be made by Writing the Name or Names of the respective Assignor or Assignors on the Backside of the said Orders, or otherwise) shall be as good and effectual in the Law, as if each and every such subsequent Assignment had been executed in every Particular in the Manner prescribed by the Act first abovementioned, relating to the said Tallies and Orders; and that an Entry or Memorandum of every such subsequent Assignment (touching which no Entry or Memorandum hath already been made pursuant to the said former Act) shall and may be made in the said Office of the Receipt, so as an Affidavit be produced to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, that the Name or Names of the respective Assignor or Assignors set to every such subsequent Assignment so to be entered, is the proper handwriting of every such Assignor respectively, as the Person. making such Affidavit or Affidavits verily believes, and so as every such subsequent Assignment (by endorsing the Name, or otherwise) made before the fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, be brought to be entered at the said Office within two Months after the said fifth Day of Decemb r one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and so as every such subsequent Assignment to be made after the said fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, be brought to be entered in the said Office within two Months after making the same respectively; anything in the said former Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And for preventing the counterfeiting of any Stamp or Stamps, Seal or Seals which have been or shall be appointed to be used, to denote the charging of the Duties, or of the additional Duties, which by several Acts, the one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Amv, are set and imposed upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins and upon Vellum and Parchment, tanned, tawed, dressed or made: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the commissioner which for the Time being are or shall be appointed for the Receipt, Government and Management of the said Duties, or additional Duties, arising in England or Wales, or Town of Berwick upon

'tweed, or the major Part of them, and also the Commissioners which for the Time being are or shall be

appointed for the Receipt, Government and Management of the said Duties, or additional Duties, arising in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall respectively have full Power and Authority, and hereby are respectively empowered and authorised, from Time to Time, when and so often as they respectively shall see Occasion, to direct, cause and procure new Stamps or Seals to be made for the marking and (tamping of all such Hides and Skins, and of Pieces of Hides and Skins, and of Vellum and Parchment, as shall

respectively be tanned, tawed, dressed or made, either in England or Wales, or Town of Benuick upon

Tweed, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to be made use of for the respective Purposes before mentioned, in the Lieu and Stead of such other Stamps, Alarks or Seals, as before the respective Time and Times of providing and appointing such new ones, shall respectively have been used for the Purposes before mentioned; and that such new Stamps and Seals so to be provided, as aforesaid, from the respective Time and Times when they respectively shall be so, as aforesaid, ordered to be used for the respective Purposes aforesaid, shall respectively be and are hereby de lared to be the legal and authentic Stamps and Seals respectively, to be made use of for the respective Purposes before mentioned; and that the counterfeiting or forging any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal, which in pursuance of this Act shall be so, as aforesaid, directed or ordered, or the counterfeiting or rel embling of the Impression

of any such Stamp or Stamps, Seal or Seals so directed or ordered, as aforesaid, on any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, or on any Vellum or Parchment, whereby to defraud his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties imposed or charged by the said Acts, or either of them, or the uttering, vending or selling any Hide or Skin or any Piece of any Hide or Skin, or any Vellum or Parchment, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or lin pression to be counterfeited, shall render and make the Offender and Offenders therein subject and liable to the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Pains of Death, as is and are mentioned and expressed in the said Act made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

X. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties, and for preventing the carrying on of Frauds between the Officers for the said Duties and the Traders and Dealers in the Manufactures and Goods charged with the said Duties; and to the Intent that Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, after they have been weighed, and taken an Account of by the Officers for the said Duties, may again be weighed and taken account of by the Supefvjfors and Surveyors for the said Duties: Be it

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 3. 179.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of "January one thousand seven hundred and eighteen all Tanners, Tawers and D reflets of Hides and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and all ic.'to kccptii lr Makers of Vellum and Parchment, shall from Time to Time keep all such Hides and Skins and Pieces ofnwcs.&c. not Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which have not been duly stamped by the Officers for the said (bmped by the Duties, separate and apart from all other Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum andodkmfqmjtc. Parchment, which have been duly stamped by the Officers for the said Duties; and shall also from Time toj Time keep all such Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, as from _ V'Time to Time shall have been lad: stamped by the Officers for the said Duties, separate and apart from all other Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which at any Time or 'I'inres before shall have been stamped by the Officers for the said Duties, during the respective Times herein after mentioned, (that is to say) within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality by the Space of twenty-four Hours next after such tamping thereof by the said Officers; and in other Places out of the Penalty ml. Limits of the said weekly Bills, by the Space of two Days next after such (tamping thereof, unless the same cyo.'cmnglejricr hall respectively sooner have been weighed and taken account of by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors^:

for the said Duties, on Pain to forfeit for every Offence therein the Sum often Pounds.

CAP. III.

An act for applying certain Overplus Moneys, and further Sums to be raised, as well by way of a Lottery, as by Loans, towards paying off and cancelling exchequer bills, and for lessening the present great Charge in relation to those Bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Residue of the same Bills for the future.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; by an act of Parliament of the third yearrccit; i1 of

i.vx of your majesty's rein, intituled, An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Com, C g ' party of the B nk of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for feenring to them several farther Prov'i

new Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums not ex Cions concerning ceeeling two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, at five Pounds per Centum, as shall be found necessary to the Funds grant be employed in lessening the National Debts and Encumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly this A

made for the Expenses of his Majesty's Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at j01 c'

C the Rate of five Pound's per Centum; and for other Purposes in this ai mentioned, the said Governor and, (jeo. 'i. C 9.

Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for circulating certain Bills, commonly called 13 Geo. 1. c. 3. ' Exchequer bills, therein mentioned, amounting to two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds, or thereabouts, in principal Money, and for exchanging the same for ready Money on Demand, are entitled to an Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings (being an Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, coin puted upon the said Sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty-five Pounds) subject nevertheless to a Proviso of Redemption in that Act contained, upon such Notice as is thereby pre

*; which Annuity or yearly Allowance is by the same act charged upon and made payable out of the Moneys arisen or to arise at the Receipt of the Exchequer of or for certain particular Duties on Houses,

and of or for several other Duties and Revenues, called the Aggregate Fund in that act, and in former aists relating to the said Fund more particularly mentioned and described, in the Order and Course, and with such Preference as is thereby directed and by the act first abovementioned it is enacted and de dared. That as well the said particular Duties on Houses, and the Duties, Revenues and Incomes com poling the said Aggregate Fund, and all other Duties which were settled for Payment of a former yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, and the Interest and Allowances relating to former exchequer bills therein mentioned, (hold be continued,

£ but be disposable to and for the several and respective Uses and Purposes appointed by that Act and subject to the several Provisoes of Redemption therein contained; and that all the Moneys of the said du ties, Revenues and Incomes, which should or ought to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer £ (except the necessary Charges for raifnig, collecting, levying, issuing, paying and accounting for the £ same) should be and are thereby appropriated, and (hold be ifl ued and applied to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of several yearly and other Sums in the said act particularly expressed, in their due Course and with such Preferences as are thereby appointed; amongst which Payments an express Provision is made £ for Payment of the said Annuity or Allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds £ fifteen Shillings per Annum, and for answering all Demands of Interest due and to be due upon the said Ex 1 chequer bills as is therein mentioned. And by the same act it was declared and enacted, That the Excess £ Surplus which, at the End of every or any Quarter of a Year (reckoning the Quarters to end at the usual feast days) should or might be produced by the said several Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes thereby appropriated, and should remain in the Exchequer (over and above the Money th»due or demand L able for or upon the several Annuities, Allowances and other Payments therein before mentioned, or

any Arrears of the same) (hold attend the Disposition of Parliament, and be applied according to act or '

£ acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and not otherwise. And it was thereby declared and enacted, That

( any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker of the said House in Wri

ting, and delivered at the public Office of the said Governor and Company, (hold be deemed and

Recital of the Act of 2- Geo. i. C (,

Recital of the A for redeeming several Lotteries, <5rc.

3 Geo. i. C 7,

C 3. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

adjudged to be a sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of the said Act for redeeming the said Annuity or Allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per An 4 man, as by the same Act, Relation being thereunto had (amongst many other Matters and Things therein contained) may more fully appear. And whereas by another Act of Parliament of the said third Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, being after the Rate of fx Founds per Centum per Annum, and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise for an An 4 natty or Annuities at five Pounds per Centum per Annum any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be employed inlffcning the National Debts and Encumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund and Annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the Time and Manner thereby prescribed, several other Subsidies, Impositions, Duties, Revenues and proportional Parts of Duties and Revenues therein mentioned, or thereby referred unto, ' were continued for the several and respective Uses and Purposes in that Act. And it was thereby enacted,

1 That all the Moneys thereof which should or ought to be brought into the Exchequer for those Purposes (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, issuing and accounting for the same; and except such Part thereof, as by any former Act: or Acts of Parliament was applicable to the Repayment of Loans then remaining unsatisfied, and to pay the Interest of the same) should be and are thereby appro priated, and should be issued and applied to and for the Payment of the yearly and other Sums in the same Act particularly expressed, in their due Method and Order, and subject to such Redemption as are thereby prescribed. And by the same Act it was provided and enacted, That if at any Time at the End of any Quarter of a Year (reckoning the Quarters to end at themfual Feasts) there should be an Excess or Surplus of the Moneys brought into the Exchequer of the said Subsidies, Impositions, Duties, Revenues and pro portional Parts, and such Excess or Surplus should remain there, over and above the Money then or be sore that Time grown due, by or in pursuance of that Act, as is therein mentioned, then such Excess or Surplus should from Time to Time attend the Disposition of Parliament, and be applied according to Act or Aftrs of Parliament, and not otherwise, as by the Act last mentioned (Relation being thereunto had)

may also more fully appear. And whereas by another Act of Parliament of the said third Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Prin cipa! and Interest on the Orders made forth on four lottery acts passed in the ninth and tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the hereditary Excise, according to aformer Act in that Behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of An 4 unities at several Rates, to be payable and transerrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament,

but also to raise Moneys for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal and Ar 4 rears of Interest in ready Money, and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act are mentioned, and for taking off the Duties on Linjecd. imported, and British Linen exported, several other Cuf toms, Subsidies, Impositions, additional Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Rates and Duties, propor tional Parts of Duties, Revenues, and weekly and other Payments out of Duties and Revenues therein r specified, or thereby referred unto, were continued for the Purposes in that Act: And it was thereby enacted, That yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin from the P'east of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and from thenceforth for ever (subject neverthe less to such Provisoes and Power of Redemption as are in that Act contained) the full Sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, by or out of the Moneys arising of or for the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, additional Duties, proportional Parts, weekly and other Payments by that Act appropriated and directed to be brought, from Time to Time, into the Exchequer, in case the same should extend to the said Sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, should be computed and reckoned to be a general Fund; and in case all the Moneys so arising into the Exchequer of or for the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties,

proportional Parts, weekly and other Payments, should not amount to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same would extend, should be Part of the said general yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for and towards the answering and paying all the Annuities and Payments by that Act charged or chargeable thereupon; and in case all the Moneys by that Act appointed or appropriated, as aforesaid, should at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Pro ' duce of the same, as that within any oneb ear to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys so arising in the Exchequer, of or for all the said Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, additional Duties, proportional Parts, weekly and other Payments, should not amount to so much as seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, that then and so often, and in every such Case, so much as should be wanting to make up the said General Fund or Sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, for every or any such Year, should be supplied and made good, front Time to Time, by or out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency.

should appear, and should from Time to Time be transferred thereunto, as soon as the same should be granted: And it was thereby enacted, That the Excess or Surplus, which at' die End of every or any quarter of.a Year (reckoning the Quarters to end at the four most usual fcaft days) should or might ber

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 3. 181

produced by the Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, additional and other Duties, proportional Parts of Duties, ani by the said weekly and other Payments, by that Act appropriated or charged to make good the said general yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand tight hundred fory nir.c Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny, over and above so much as shall be fuflkient to make good the same; and so much of the said general yearly Fund as at the End of any Quarter of a 4 Year shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, over and above all the Moneys then due or payable,

4 to discharge the several Annuities and other Payments by that Act directed to be satisfied out of the same, and all Arrears thereof (if any such were) should likewise from Time to Time attend the Dispo fition of Parliament, and be applied according to Act or Acts of Parliament, and not otherwise. And by the Act last recited, it was further declared and enacted, That all the Moneys to arise from Time to j Geo. i. C 7.

Time, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus by virtue of the said Act made for redeeming the Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of or for the said Excess or Surplus by virtue of the said Act made for redeeming the Funds of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South sras and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fisherv;

4 as also of and for the said Excess or Surplus of the said Duties and Revenues by the said oth.r Act of the third Year of your majesty's Reign, appropriated to make good the said general yearly Fund as aforesaid, and the Overplus Moneys of the same general yearly Fund thereby established, or intended to be established as aforesaid, should be appropriated, reserved and deployed to and for the discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and Encumbrances as were contradfed before the twenty fifth lay of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and were declared to be national Debts,

and were provided for by Acts of Parliament, in such Manner and Form, as should be directed or appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be discharged therev/ith or out of the same, and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, as by the Act last before recited (Relation being thereunto had) may likewise more fully appear. And whereas the said Sum, not exceeding two Milli ceo. 1. C S.

ons five hundred thousand Pounds, in the said first recited Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, was not ad vanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or called for or required by the Commissioners of your majesty's Treasury, so that the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes, called the aggregate Fund, are not charged or chargeable with any Annuity or other Payment whatsoever in respect of the same, by the said first recited Actor otherwise howsoever; the said Sum, not exceeding twoj Geo. 1. C 9.

Millions, mentioned in the said Act relating to the south-sea Company, or any Part thereof, was not advanced by that Company, or called lor or required by the Commissioners of your majesty's Treasury,

4 so that the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes, comprehended in the Fund of that Company, are not charged or chargeable with any Annuity or other Payment whatsoever in respect of the same, by virtue of the said Act relating to that Company or otherwise howsoever. And whereas we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled (pursuant to the Claufts contained in the Act first above recited) did on the tenth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen resolve, That Notice Should be given to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That the Ho use of Commons would at ladyday otic thousand seven hundred and nineteen redeem the said Annuity of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings; and ordered the Speaker of the said House, on or before ladyday one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, to signify the said Resolution in Writing to the said Governor and Company, which was signihed accordingly. And whereas by Computation as many of the said Exchequer bills as do amount to the said Sum of two Millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty-five rounds in principal Money, made forth by the said former Acts of Parliament, do on the fourteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighteen r.main undischarged and uncancelled, and the present Colt and Expense to the Public for circulating and exchanging the same doth, by the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and by the said growing Interest of one Penny per Centum per Diem, amount in the whole to one hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred seventy nine'

Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence per Annum, or thereabouts, except so much thereof as is fared and may be abated for Bills, from Time to Time, in the Exchequer or in the Hands of Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues payable to your Majesty; it being apparently just and necessary, with regard to the Public, that the said present Cost and Expense and trie laid national Debts and Encumbrances be lessened as far as conveniently may be. We your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, for that End and Purpose have resolved. That the Surplus Moneys herein after particularly di rested and appointed, and a further Sum, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by way of a Lottery, and another further Sum, not exceeding five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds,

4 to be raised by way of Loan, be applied towards paying oft the Principal and Interest born upon the said

and for cancelling the Bills whereof the Principal and Interest shall be so paid off; and that so

many of the said exchequer bills as shall remain undischarged and uncancelled by or with the Money so

to be applied, shall be circulated and exchanged in the Manner hereafter in this Act appointed in that Behalf Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for the better and effectual Accomplishment of their Desires and Intentions in the Premises, and that your Majesty and your Subjects may be eased of the Burden of the said national Debts and Encumbrances as fall as is eonuftent with Honour and Justice, do moult humbly pray your Majesty,

That it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem the several fur bled, and by Authority of the same, That the Sum of one hundred ninety six thousand four hundred

I 82

Pund, C to be applied towards iedeeming exchequer bill:

3 Geo. t. C S. 3 Geo. ic. 9. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

3 Geo. 1. C S.

The Duties of the aggregate Fund continued for ever.

3 Geo. 1. C S.

C 3. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

forty-four Pounds eighteen Shillings threepence halfpenny, which remained in the Exchequer at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and eighteen for the Overplus of the said particular Duties on Houses and o her Duties and Revenues comprehended in the said Fund, commonly called the aggregate Fund, appointed to be reserved for Disposition of Parliament as aforesaid, (being over and above the Excess of the civil List Fund for three Years, ended at the same fcaft day; and that all the Overplus Moneys of the civil List Fund for three Years ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, which Overplus is also appointed to be reserved for Disposition of Parliament as aforesaid; the Sum of nineteen thousand five hundred seventy seven Pounds and ten Shillings, which remained in the Exchequer at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, for the Surplus or Overplus of the Fund, commonly called the Fund of the south-sea Company appointed to be reserved for Disposition of Parliament as aforesaid; the Sum of one hundred ninety thousand four hundred thirty-six Pounds fifteen Shillings eleven Pence and nine twentieth Parts of a Penny, being the Excess or Surplus for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, upon the yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, commonly called the general Fund, likewise appointed, as aforesaid, to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament (over and above the Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, which is hereafter in and by this Act directed to be reserved towards making good the half yearly Payment on the Annuities charged on the said general Fund for the half year ending at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and eighteen) and all the Excess or Overplus Moneys, which within and for the half year to end at lady clay one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, hall arise upon the several Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, commonly called the aggregate Fund, the south-sea company's Fund, and the general Fund before mentioned, every or any of them, which by the said Acts of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign were severally reserved and intended to be reserved, for Disposition of Parliament, shall! by Force and Virtue of this at, be applied (so far as the Moneys of all the said several Surplusses, exc ftes or overplufi es will extend) towards redeeming the said Annuity or Allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings per Annum, and to and for the satisfying and discharging so much as the same will extend to satisfy and discharge of the principal Moneys contained in the said fxcnequer bills, and the in tcreft due or to be due upon the same, according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act herein after specified "

"shall be issued for Payment of the half yearly Annuities charged on the general Fund. Money "to be issued to satisfy the Annuities for one Quarter, to end at lady clay 1719. Afterwards those An act to be paid half yearly. Treasury at lady clay 1719. to cause all the Surplufl es for that Half "to be computed. After lady clay 1719. 200001, yearly to be the Fund for answering the Annuities "of 4l. per Centum, to the Contributors in this Lottery. Till Redemption by Parliament. Any Per "may be Contributors. Times of Payment. Fortunate Tickets to be printed. Forging or counterfeiting Tickets Felony. Managers to enter fortunate 'll Gleets in a Book, and transmit into the Ex "; and a Duplicate to the Cashier of the Bank, C Persons named in the said Book entitled to "an Annuity of 4l. per Centum, for their respective principal Sums, payable half yearly. First Payment "at Mich. 1719. Guardians may contribute for Infants. Annuities tax free." [Redeemed 13 Geo.

1. C 3. See 5 Geo. -1. c. 9. f. 43. for the more effectual suppressing private Lotteries.]

XXII. And to the End all the annual and other Payments, which by the said first recited Act were charged upon the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes, called the aggregate Fund (other than and except such Payments, as from and after lacly day one thousand seven hundred and nineteen might incur for or upon the said Allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen shillings per Annum, hereby intended to be redeemed, and other than and except such other Sums of Money and Payments as are already satisfied and discharged, or are by this Act intended to be reduced or laved to the Public). may, together with the said yearly Fund, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, be well and sufficiently secured, and may respective] y obtain their due Course of Payment, with such Preferences as by the said former act, and this present Act, are appointed in that Behalf; It is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said particular Duties on Houses, and all the said other Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, which by the said first recited Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign were settled for answering the respective Payments therein mentioned (all which are by this Act denominated to be the aggregate Fund, a aforesaid) and every of them, are and shall be continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, and shall be raised, levied, collected and brought into the Exchequer of England, by and according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, and with such Drawbacks, Repayments and Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as are pres.ribed in and by the respective Act and Acts of Parliament now in Force, or any Articles, Clauses, Matters or Things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for raising, levying or bringing in the same, as fully and effectually as if the same Acts, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things, and every of them, were repeated and rc enacted in the Body of this present Act; nevertheless all the mo nie arising thereby into the aid Receipt of Exchequer, from and after the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blell ed V irgin Mary one t.ioufand seven hundred and nineteen, and ali the Moneys then remaining in the said Receipt, of the same Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes, shall be disposeable to and for the several and respective Uses and Puposes by this or the said first recited Act appointed or intended (other than and except, as aforesaid) and subject to the several Provisoes of Redemption herein contained; any

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 3. 183

former Law, Statute, Provision, Restriition, Clause or Clauses, Matters or Things whatsoever to thercdtctuable bx contrary notwithstanding. i i'iuskih.

"All the Moneys to be entered in a Book. The aggregate Fund appropriated. Penalty on Officers niif "applying the Moneys. How the Moneys shall be ili ued and applied to the Bank, (sc. 120, 000l. for "his Majesty during Life, Proviso for the Deficiencies of 116, 573l. izs. Deficiencies to be made goodbye Parliament. The Annuities of 88, 751l. 7s. and tod. halfpenny, and 100, 000l. per Annum pay "to the Bank, redeemable. On six Months Notice to the Bank, and Repayment, Annuities to "cease. After Redemption of the several Annuities, aggregate Fund to be redeemed. [See 13 Geo. 1.

C 3. fedf. j. j Till the Lottery Annuities are redeemed. Bank to employ a chief Cashier and Account "General. 'J 'his Annuity a personal Ellate. The principal Moneys of these Annuities to be deem "a capital Stock, and assignable. No stamp duty on Transfers, &c. No See for paying these all- "unities. The Powers of 3 Geo. 1. c. 8. continued. 'Flic Surpluses of the aggregate Fund, &c. made "liable to satisly the Loans hereafter mentioned, further Loan for discharging exchequer bills. Treasury every Quarter to enter in a Book a juif Account of the several Surpluses for the preceding Quarters. Another Book for Entry of Orders of Loan. 520, 000l. may be advanced at 5l. per Centum.

"Money lent fax free. tall.es of Loan to be ifruek, &c. No See for registring, or undue Prefo "rente. 'Sallies dated the same Day, no undue Preference. Orders assignable. All the Moneys of the "several Funds arisen before 25 March 1719. to be applied towards paying off and cancelling Exchcoucr "bills. Notice to be affixed on the Royal Exchange, and published in the London Gazette, of the imc.

"On Oath before a Baron of the Exchequer, of Bills being lost, &c. Treasury to pay the same. After "25 March 1719. the Annuity after the Rate of 3l. per Centum shall ccafc, and the Bank not obliged ro "circulate exchequer bills, f isle Residue of the Bills to be circulated by such Persons as the Treasury shall "Treasury to allow a Salary for the same. Treasury to contrail with Persons for circulating.

"Treasury to take Subscriptions from such Persons as will advance Money for circulating Exchequer "Contrail to be in Writing, and registered in the Auditor of the Receipts and Clerk of the Pells "Offices. No Stamps on such Contrails. Such Persons not disabled from being Members of Parliament. Persons circulating the Bills, and Contractors, to keep an Office in London or ifejhninster.

"Refuting to exchange the Bills for ready Money may be filed, &c. Treasury to iilue out Money for "discharging exchequer bills, &c. exchequer bills to be current in the Revenue, &c. Receivers and "Collectors to give ready Adoncy for exchequer bills, &c. exchequer bills paid or lent into the Exchc "quer, Officers to cause Tallies to be levied for the same. Receivers to allow the Interest on Exclie "quer bills. No Interest on Bills in Receivers Hands or in the Exchequer. How it shall be known,

"how long Time the Bills have been in Receivers Hands, &c. Such Bills may be re issued. Bills to "be re issued for the principal Money only. 'Fellers to be reimbursed the Interest they pay on Exchequer bills. Receivers of Taxes to keep Books for Entry. exchequer bills filled up by Indorsements,

"new Bills to be ifiucd in lieu of them. Forging such Bills, Felony. No Interest to be paid to any "Idler Sum than one Penny. Treasury to issue Bills for large Sums not exceeding 5000l. each. Treasury to tillow Salaries to Persons for circulating, &c." Exp. 13 Geo. 1. c. 3.

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the The Overplus Moneys, which at the End of every or any Quarter of a Year shall or may be produced for the respefitive ut tl"5 Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the said several Funds, commonly called the aggregate Fund, Qj, arter and the Fund of tile south-sea Company, and of the said Duties and Revenues charged witii the said ge rctcrved for air. neral yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings clnrging naiio and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, as also the Excess or Overplus of the same general yearly1, C L re Fund, when and as often as any such Surplusses, Excesses. or Overplus Moneys shall be (over and above Utc' 17a. the Moneys at ihe End of every such Quarter respectively due or demandable, to be first paid or reserved for Payment out of the same, by virtue of this and the said recited acts, or any of them) shall be appropriated, reserved and applied, to and for the further discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and Encumbrances as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be national Debts, and were provided for by Afit or Acts of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed or appointed by any future Afit or Acts of Parliament to be discharged therewith, or out of the same, and to or for none other life, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

If Provision be made by Parliament in lawful Coin to pay off Principal and Interest on exchequer bills, then fu ll Bills to be cancelled, &c. If the Sum of 520, 000l. be not lent by 1 May 1719. then so much of the Surplusses to be applied towards cancelling exchequer bills." E XP.

itr.ccrr.ivg exchequer bill: y 16 Geo. 2. C iz, 33 Geo. 2. c. 1, is, 21 w 23.

rartl'£rpn I £ & 20,

1 Geo.

Cap.

io Ann, C 2,

Part of the Act jo Ann. C 2. and the Schism act of 12 Ann. flat. 2. C 7. icpealed.

Mayor, See, ie sorting to any Conventiclewith the Ensigns of his Office, disabled to hold any public Office.

13 Car, 2. ft. 2, C 1,

19 //. 7. C 7.

33 II 8. C 27* 2 £? 3 PM. C 13.

The Oath in the recited Act,

thedcclaration,

13 Car, 1. ft. 2, C 1.

Members of Corporations are confirmed in their Offices,

C 4 — 6. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

CAP. IV.

An Act for strengthnirg the Protestant Interest: in these Kingdoms.

PAPPAS an Act of Parliament was made in the tenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen

C Anne, intituled, An Act for preserving the Protestant Religion, by better f curing the Church of England, as by Law established; and for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant dissenters by an Act, ' intituled an Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, and for fapplying the Defects thereof; and for the further fecu ring the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Practicers of the Law in No, rth Britain to take the Oaths and fwferibe the Declaration therein mentioned: And whereas Part of the said Act, as also another al herein after mentioned, have been found to be inconvenient; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the tenth Year of the late Queen Anne, from the Beginning thereof to these Words, ' And it is hereby fur there enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Toleration granted to Protestant Diflen 6 ters, 'and also one Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the Growth of Schifin, and for the further Security of the Churches of England and Ireland, as by Law established, shall be and are hereby repealed, annulled and made void.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mayor, Bailiff or other Magistrate, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of I Vales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Isles of Jet', 'ey or Guernsey, hall knowingly or wilfully resort to, or be present.at any public Meeting for religious Worship, other than of the Church of England as by Law established, in the Gown or other peculiar Habit, or attended with the Ensign or Ensigns of or belonging to such his Office, that every such Mayor, Bailiff or other Magistrate, being thereof convicted by due Gourse of Law, ball be disabled to hold such Office or Offices, Employment or Employments, and shall be adjudged incapable to bear any public Office or Employment whatsoever within that Part of Great Britain called england, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or Isles of ferfey and Guernsey.

CAP. V.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VI

An Act for quieting and establishing Corporations.

6 AS by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations, it is, amongst other Things enacted, That every Person or Persons, who from and after the Expiration of the Commissions of in the said Act mentioned, should be placed, elected or chosen, in or to any the Offices or 1 laces of Mayors, Re ' corders. Bailiffs, town clerks, Common council men, or to any Office or Offices of Magistracy, or Places or Trulls, or other Employment relating to or concerning the Government of Cities, Coiporati ons and Boroughs, and cinque ports and their Members, and other port towns, should at the same Time when the Oath for the due Execution of the said Places and Offices respectively should be admi niftred, take the following Oath, viz.

I A.B. do declare and believe. That it is not lawful, upon any Pretence whatsoever, to take Arms against the King, and that 1 do abhor that traitorous Poftion of taking Arms by his Authority agetiuj'} his Person, or against those that are commissioned by him.

So help me God.

And subscribe the following Declaration, viz.

I A. E. do declare, That I hold that there lies no Obligation upon me, Cr at.y aether Person, frotn the Oath commonly called, 1 he Solemn League and Covenant; and that the same was in itself an unlawful Oath, and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm against the known Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom.

And that in Default thereof every such Placing, Election and Choice should be void: And whereas the taking the said Oath, and subscribing the said Declaration, have for several Years last part been gene rally omitted, and Questions have of late arisen. Whether the said Statute made in the said thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, 'as to the said Oath and Declaration, he yet in Force Therefore for avoiding of all such Questions for the future, and for the establishing the Peace and Quiet of Corporations, Be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Member and Members of any Corporation within this

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 7, 8. 185

Kingdom, and all and every Person and Persons that were required by the said above recited Act to takethey trie laid Oath, or subscribe the said Declaration, flifdl be and are hereby confirmed in their several and re the ft id Oath" spective Offices and Places, notwithstanding their Omission to lake the said Oath, or subscribe the said anj Declaration, Declaration, and shall be indemnified, freed and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, And indcaini forfeitures and Penalties arising from such Omission, and none of their Acts shall be qtieftioned or avoided lk for or by reason of the fume; but that all such Acts shall he and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and effectual, as if all and every such Person and Persons had taken the said Oath, nd subscribed the said Declaration, according to the Direction of the said Add.

II. And be it also further ena&eti by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Statute asj'e

quires the taking of the said Oath, and subscribing the said Declaration, shall be and is hereby repealed; requires the and that neither the said Oath or Declaration shall be required for the future. taking the raid

1 III. And whereas by the said recited Act made in the thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, it, h' e. ic is enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be placed, elected or chosen, in or to any of the Offices or Places relating to pr concerning the Government of any City, Corporation, Borough, cinque port and j3, ar's' '

their Members, and other port towns, or any other offices in the said recited Act mentioned or express fed, that shall not have, within one Year next before such Election dr Choice, taken the Sacrament of s the lord's Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of em/and, and that in Default thereof every such Placing, Election and Choice shall be void Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Members of That all and every the now Member and Members of any Corporation within this Kingdom, and all and corp°^tl'>s' every Person and Persons now in actual Possession of any Office, that were required by the said above remiued°to' ute cited Act to take the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Rites of the Church of England s^cr jim nt, within one Year next before his Election or Choice into such Office, shall be and are hereby confirmed in is enjoined by their several and respective Offices and Places, notwithstanding their Omission to take the Sacrament of the l3, LI Ai the lord's Supper as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified, freed and discharged, of and from all incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures and Penalties arising from such Omission; and that none of their Acts, nor offices,' the Acts not yet avoided, of any who have been Members of any Corporation, or in Actual Possession of.md be treed' such Offices, shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of such Omission; but that all such Acts shall qom all lr.capa. be and are hereby declared and enacted to be as good and effc dtual as if all and every such Person and h

Persons had taken the Sacrament of the lord's Supper in manner as aforesaid; shall any Person or 0^; *Persons, who shall be hereafter placed, elected or' chosen, in dr to any the Offices aforesaid, be removed b' the Corporation, or otherwise prosecuted for or by reason of such Omission; nor shall a by Incapacity,

Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty, be incurred by reason of the same, unless such Person be so removed, or such Prosecution be commenced, within six Months after such person's being placed or elected into his respective Office, as aforesaid, and that in case of a Prosecution the same be carried on without wilful

Delay, See farther cih*

concerning Corporations, 11 Geo. I, C 4*

CAP. VII.

An act for continuing an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, 12 Ahn -> ' intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Tobacco Trade, to continue for the Space of live Years, C 8'

to commence from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which Act is near expiring: And whereas the said Act ' hath been found to be very beneficial to the said Trade, and of good Use for the Purposes thereby design

ed: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con The recited

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Act.1, 1311 be

the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act made in the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's

Reign concerning Tobacco, and all and every the Rules, Directions, Powers, Penalties, Difcqunts, Al tiyon Tobacco

lotvances, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, shall by virtue of this Act be continued, and continue.

be in full Force during such Time as the respective Duties on Tobacco shall respectively continue; any

Law, Statute, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding. fartherpmzfon

concerning Tobacco, 6 Geo. i, C 2l.9 Geo. i. C si, 12 Geo. 1. c. 26 28. 21 Geo. 2. C z. 24 Geo. 2. c. 41, 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more effectual Relief of such Wives and children, as are left by their Husbands and Parents, upon the Charge of the Parish.

WHEREAS diverse Persons run or go away from their Places of Abode into other Counties or Far former Laws Places, and sometimes out of the Kingdom, some Men leaving their Wives, a Child or Chil r'fer fcf ffrc dren, and some Mothers run or go away, leaving a Child or Children, upon the Charge of the Paj iftl or 'ff .'cadi. i. C ' Place where such Child or Children was or were born, or left legally settled, although such Persons have jfcar. 2.

some Estates, which Ihouldeafe the Parish of their charge, in whole or in Part: 'May it please your t. is.

JB Majestycjr'2* C i8.

is C 9. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

I Jac. Z. C. 7. Majesty therefore that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and 3, frsyw't 11' with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia'" % ^io}v'c'3°'ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it mail and may be lawful for the church war 12/in, dens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place where any Rich Wife, or Child or Children Hanll be ji. 1. C is. so left, upon Application to, and by Warrant or order from any two Justices of the Peace, to take and

church wa -- 'seize so much of the Goods and Chattels, and receive so much of the annual Rents and Profits of the C us, vc. may ]j; !n, js anj Tenements of such hulbar.d, Father or Mother, as such two Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, Anm tw" justi dliall order or direct, for or towards the Discharge of the Parish or Place where such Wise, Child or chil ces, seize the dren are left, fr thebringing up and providing for such Wise, Child or Children; which warrant or Or goods, cof der being confirmed at the next quarter sessions, it shall be lawful for the Justices of such quarter sessions Hatbands and j q mae an Order for the churchwardens or Overseers for the Poor of such Parish or Place, to dispose of have" heirwives Goods and Chattels by Sale, or otherwise, or so much of them, for the purposes aforesaid, as the end Children Court shall think fit, and to receive the Rents and Profits, or so much of them as shall be ordered by the upon the Pari Sessions, as aforesaid, of his or her Lands and Tenements, for the purposes aforesaid:

: Warrant to

be confirmed at 'qufilter sessions, who may make an Order for Sale,

der^vc?to be

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the churchwardens and Overseers aforesaid shall accountable to be accountable to the Justices at the quarter fcffioris for all such Money as they, or any of them, shall xe lufhccs ir.se.f ceive by virtue of this Act, ficns.

farther Prtrvftnsrelating hereto, Cj'geo, I. C 7. zt Geo. 2. C 28. 3 Geo. 3. C zrj. 17 Git. z. C 3, 37 & 3s. at: dl Geo. 2. C i t.

ca P. IX

An Act for continuing certain Duties upon Coals and Culm, and for establi firing certain Funds to raise Money, as well to proceed in the building of new Churches, as also to compleat the Supply granted to his Majesty; and to reserve the Overplus Moneys of the said Duties for the Disposition of Parliament; and for more effectual suppreihng private Lotteries.

ftnn.c z z. J I.^TFO ST gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year 10 Ann. C n. £ J.VJ. of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for grantingio her Majesty feveml Duties upon Coals, IV 1, <3'0, 'r' £ for building fifty new churehes in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof,

Sec Geers 'anl^ other j3urposes therein mentioned, it was enacted, That for all Sorts of Coals and Culm, which from stata.rc. s! §.'3.c and after the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the nine and provisions are £ twentieth Day of September one t ioufand seven hundred and twenty-four, should be imported and made for the £ brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames within trie Liberty of the said City, fresh auaft upon the same River, there should be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, byway of impo by 3 Geo. 1.*fition thereupon (over and besides all other Impositions and Duties) according to the Rates therein after

C Tg. L 42. & C mentioned, that is to say, from and after the said fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred 1; Geo. j. c 1. ' and sixteen, and before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, i Geos. C S. £ for.all such Sorts of Coals and Culm as are usually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, £ containing thirty-six Bulliels Winchester Measure, the Sum of two Shillings; and for such Sort of Coals £ as are sold by the Tun, for every Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the sum of two Shillings; and front and after the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty: ' four, there should be paid for every such said Chalder of Coals and Culm and Tun of Coals, the Sum of

three Shillings; and that.all the Moneys which should be raised by virtue of that Act (the.necessary Charges of raising, managing and accounting for the same excepted) should be brought into the Receipt of £ the Exchequer, and should be appropriated and disposed for the building of fifty new Churches, of £ Stone, and other proper Materials, with Towers or Steeples to each of them, and for purchasing Scites

of Churches and churchyards, and burying places, in or near the Cities of London and Westminster,

£ or the Suburbs thereof; and for making such Chapels Churches as were already built, and capable there

Parish Churches; and for purchasing Houses for the Habitations of the Ministers of the said Church

*; and for applying the Sum of four thousand Pounds per Annum out of the said Duties and Impositions towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Chapels "£ of the same.; 'and also for applying the Sum of six thousand Pounds per Annum out of the said Duties £ ansi Impositions arising by that Act, towards the ftnishing Grccmvich Hospital, and the chapel thereun 6 to belonging; and to and formone other Use, intent. or purpose whatsoever; And it was thereby de '£ dared and enacted, That there should be erected and built of Stone, and other Materials, fifty Churches, with Towers Gr Steeples to each of them, whereof one should be erected in the Parish of East green

joajm. c.n, e ivich, dn the County of Kent. And whereas in the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, another £ Act was made and passed in Parliament for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to the said former Act for granting the said Duties for building the said new Churches, and other Purposes therein mentioned, and for giving to the said Commissionersfurther Pow

i. £ ers

A.D. 1738. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 9. 187

ers for better effecting the same, and for appointing monies for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary jvoolnotb in the City of London. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Ministers of the fifty new Churches, Geo. i. Cati, 1 which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereofand for re c. 23.

building and jfinifinng the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth in the said City of London, it was enacted.

for all Sorts of Coals and Culm, which: from and after the twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and before the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, shall be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there should be paid ta his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by way of Imposition thereupon (over and besides all other Im ' portions and Duties, according to the Rates therein after mentioned, that is to say) for all Inch Sorts of Coals and Culm as are tifually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, the Sum of three Shillings; and for fuel) Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of three Shillings; and that all the Moneys which should be raised by virtue of that Act (the necessary Charges of raising, managing,

and accounting for the same, excepted) should be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, and should be appropriated for and towards the providing due Maintenances for the Ministers to attend the Service of God in the said new Churches; and should for that Purpose be issued, applied and disposed, in such Manner as should thereafter be directed by Parliament: And it was thereby enacted, That the said Parish Church of St. Mary woolnoth, and the Tower thereof, should be rebuilt and finished out of the Du ' ties granted by the said recited Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign; and that the Moneys9 Ann. C zz.

to be imployed for that Purpose, should be replaced and made good out of and by the Moneys applicable by virtue of the said Act of the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, to the rebuilding and finiflr 10 Ann. C u, ' ing the said Church, and the Tower thereof, as by the said several Acts, relation being thereunto respectively had, may more fully appear: And whereas out of the said Duties of Coals and Culm, or out of Moneys lent upon Credit of the same, several considerable Sums, amounting in the whole to one hundred sixty one thousand one hundred seventy and five Pounds sixteen Shillings and seven Pence, have been already raised and issued for the Buildings, Repairs, and other Purposes prescribed in or by the said recited Acts, and the Building of some of the new Churches thereby appointed to be built, hath been be gun, and several Repairs which were thereby directed, have been entered upon, and some Scites, Ceme teries, burying places', and Ministers Houses have been purchased or contrasted for, and other Charges have been born, and Payments made pursuant to the Orders of the several Commissioners, from Time to Time have been entrusted in and for the Execution of the Powers in the said several Acts contained; but the Charge of the said Buildings and Repairs already begun or performed, hath been so ex ceflive, that over above the Application of the said Moneys already issued, a great Debt is now owing to Workmen, and others for the same; and it evidently appears. That in case the Expense of the said Buildings and Repairs should proceed and be carried on at or near the same excessive Rates, the whole Produce of the said Duties, during the said Time or Times to come therein by the said former Acts ' (though such Produce far exceeds the original Estimates made for building the said new Churches and Repairs) will be very deficient for those Purposes, and may probably at the End of the said present Terms leave a great Debt for Work and Materials unprovided for: And whereas it is computed or estimated. That the said Duties laid by the said former Acts on Coals and Culm to be imported, as aforesaid, between lady clay one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and the said twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, may amount in the whole to the bum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds; and in case the present Terms in the said Duties be enlarged, so as to make up thirty-two Years from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds may be raised for the Purposes before mentioned, as in this Act is afterwards provided, upon a particular yearly Fund or Security in that Behalf; and that the Sum of five hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence may be raised by establishing another particular yearly Fund, and by such other Ways and Means as are here after in this Act provided, for making good the supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament in the Manner herein after mentioned; and that the Surplusses which shall or may, from Time to Time, arise by the said Duties on Cords and Culm, over and above so much as shall be sufficient to discharge the Payments by this Act intended to be charged thereupon, may be reserved for the Use of the publick: Therefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to pursue your majesty's pious and gracious Intentions for the Honour and Benefit of the Church of England and Advancement of our holy Religion, by making provision for raising the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds in such Proportions at a Time as shall be needed to be employed (so far as the same will extend) for or towards the building and finishing of churches, purchaung Scites, churchyards, burying places, and Houses for Ministers, repairing the said collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Chapels of the same, finishing Greenwich hofipi tal and the Chapel thereunto belonging, and making Provisions for Ministers, according to the true intention of the said former Acts of Parliament; and being also desirous to make good the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by making Provision to raise a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of five hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence; 'and being also desirous to have the said Surplusses reserved for the Use of the Public as aforesaid, do most humbly present to your Majesty the several mpositions. Rates and Duties herein after mentioned,

188 C 9.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

Duties how to be levied.

and do most humbly pray, That it may be, and be it enacted by the King's mo'fl: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present cpi$ and Culm Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for all Sorts of Coals, and Culm which, imported into from and after the twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and be don^after' ln" fore the Feast of the Annunciation of the Bieffed Virgin Maty which shall! be in the Year of our Lord one sept.^z^ld thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, shall be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, before 25 March or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there shall be paid to his 1751. to pay, Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by way of Imposition thereupon (over and above all other Impositions der and tun'8*" ant' duties) according to the Rat, s hereafter mentioned, (that is to say) For all such Sorts of Coals and These Duties Culm as are usually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels tvinche are made porpe jifr Measure, the Sum of three Shillings, and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every t ja] by 6 geo'.r. Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of three Shillings.

C 4. §. I.

See 13 Geo. 1. C Pi. §. 1.

These Duties to n. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Sums of three Shillings Management of for every Chalder of Coals and Culm and Tun of Coals, which from Time to Time, from and after the the commission Feast of the Annunciation of the bieffed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and beers of thecu fore the said Feast of the Annunciation of the Bieffed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord Horns. one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, shall be imported or brought into the said Port or River within

9 Ann. C 22. the Liberty of the said City, as aforesaid, and payable by virtue of the said recited Acts of the ninth Year

1 geo L stat 2. of he, late majesty's Reign and the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and by virtue of this present Act,

C i3' every or any of them, shall from Time to Time be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Custorris for the Time being, according to such Orders and Directions as are or shall from Time to Time be given by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and shall or may from Tims to Time be raised, levied, collected and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Manner, Method and Form, and at such Places and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed and referred unto in and by any Act, Law or Statute, Acts, Laws or Statutes now in Force, for raising, levying, collecting or anfvyering any other Duty or Duties now payable to his Majesty for or upon any Coals or Culm what ioever imported or brought Coastwise into the said Port of London; and that ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Articles, Rules and Clauses in the same Acts, Laws and Statutes, or any of them, mentioned or contained (except such and so much of them, for and concerning which it is otherwise provided in this and the said recited Acts, or any of them] shall be of such Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for the raising, levying, collecting and answering the Impositions hereby granted, for and during the said Term or Time herein before limited, as if the same were particularly and at large set down and enacted by this Act; any former Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to ex for^chess a^ho' tens to charge or lay any f the Duties or Impositions hereby imposed upon such Coals (not exceeding ipitalj nofchar one hundred Chalders by the Year) as shall be brought into the Port of London, from Newcastle upon Tine geame. or any other Place, for the only Use and Service of the Royal Hospital at Ckclfea; anything herein contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Moneys to

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Sum and Sums of be brought into Money as shall be raised, collected or levied by virtue of the said recited Act of the ninth Year of her said the Exchequer, late majesty's Reign, and by virtue of the said recited Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and by

2 Geo"*'ft v*rtlie f this present Act, every or any of them, of or for the said Duties on Coals and Culm to be im C'ported and brought into the said Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, at any Time or Times, from and after the Feast of the Annunciation of the Bieffed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and before the said Feast of the Annunciation of the Bieffed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, (the necessary Charges of raising, managing and accounting for the same always excepted) shall from Time to Time be brought and Ana apprepri paid into the Receipt of Exchequer; and the same Moneys (other than such surplus Moneys as are to be ated for the Wes jeferveci for future Disposition by Parliament as aforesaid) are and shall be, by Force, and Virtue of this el this act. Act, appropriated, issued, applied and disposed to and for the several and respective Uses and Purposes in and by this present Act prescribed and directed, of and concerning the same, and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Appropriation, Direction, Clause or Clauses, Matter or Thing whatsoever therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

After 2 j March V And to the End a good and sufficient Fund and Security may be settled and established for raising the 2719, lor 32 _ said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, in such Proportions at a Time as shall be needed, for the Purposes in this Act particularly expressed, of and concerning the same: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, from and after the said Feast of the Annunciation of the Bieffed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for and during the Term of thirty and two Years from thence next ensuing, the full Sum of twenty and one thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys of or for the said several Duties on Coals and Culm by this Act appropriated as aforesaid, shall be

and

ico Chakters of

Years, az, pool, to be a Fund for answering the Principal and interest of 360, 0001.

189

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 9.

jl is by this Act declared and enacted to be a particular Fund and Security for answering and paying, as yell the Principal as the Interest of the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, in such

a,

well.

Course, Manner and Form, as are hereafter in this Act prescribed in that Behalf: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the Treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer and commissioner of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to cause the said yearly Sum of twenty and one thousand Pounds to be applied according to this Act, out of the Duties arising as aforesaid, with Preference to any other Payments to be made out of the same; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

FI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Money may be Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the Treasurer andrai!ci1 by way of the under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for" "'ir.^bu id' the Time being, (without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had or obtained in nfg choiches, " that Behalf) from Time to Time to direct the Officers at the Receipt of the Exchequer to receive, by way of Loan, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, willing to make such Loan or Loans upon Credit of the said particular Fund of twenty and one thousand Pounds per Annum by this Act established as aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as any five or more of the Persons appointed, or to be appointed by Commission of Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall from Time to 'rhyme, or at any Time or Times, think necessary, and shall, by Writing under the Hands of them or any five or more of them, desire to be raised by way of Loan for the Buildings, Repairs and other Purposes by the said recited Acts intended; and to allow Interest, not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Forbearance thereof; and that the Moneys solent Tax free. shall not be taxed or assessed by any Act of Parliament whatsoever; that such Lenders shall have Tallies of Loan and Orders for their Repayment, with such Interest as aforesaid, out of the said particular Fund of twenty and one thousand Pounds per Annum, the Principal to be paid in Course according to the To be paid in respective Dates of the Tallies, and the Interest every three Months until the Repayment of the Princi 5'° "rr'f V r p, il, so that at the End of every Quarter of a Year the said Interest then due shall be paid, or Money fuf j^munyhs ficient shall be reserved for Payment thereof; and the rest of the Money of the same particular Fund then C'*

in the Exchequer shall be issued and applied, from Time to Time, towards Satisfaction of the'

said Principal in Course as aforesaid; so as Care be taken, that as the Principal be paid off, the Interest: be proportionably sunk and abated; and that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken in or for the Payment thereof; and that the Money of the said particular Fund of twenty and one thousand Pounds per Annum shall be liable to satisfy such Orders accordingly without being diverted from the same to any other Use, Intent or Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting treble Damages, with full Colls of Suit, to the Party grieved by the Party offending; and that such Orders shall be assignable by Endowments thereupon according to the Course in such Cases used in the Exchequer; any Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Andj it is hereby enacted, That all the Moneys to arise by way of Loan upon Credit of the Said The 21,000). particular Fund of twenty and one thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Moneys of the same Fund ft"' ap (except so much thereof as is to be applied for Repayment of the Principal and Satisfaction of the inte p^pd "*icthcor rest of the Loans which shall be made thereupon, as aforesaid) are hereby appropriated, and shall be ap churches, C plied for or towards the building and finishing of Churches, purchasing of Scites, churchyards, Burying

places, and Houses for Ministers, repairing the said collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Chapels of the same, finishing Grcemuich Hospital and the Chapel thereunto belonging, making Provision for Ministers, and other Charges relating to the said Churches, which were authorised and intended by the said former Acts or any of them concerning the same, and to or for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always, That the Principal of such Loans, together with the Moneys (if any such be) Not to exceed which shall be supplied out of the same particular Fund itself, for the Purposes last mentioned, shall not36o>oco1 in the whole exceed the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Treasury to iff»e the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the High tf "ceh'c^n<yas Treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the fi0ne«7otc no Treasury for the 'lime being, and they are hereby directed and authorised, (without any further or churches flnil other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf) from Time to Time to think fit, to tue blue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, out of the Moneys to arise by way of Loan upon Credit oftreap T

the said particular Fund of twenty and one thousand Pounds per Annum, and out of the Moneys of thethat Eihalt' said particular Fund of twenty and one thousand Pounds per Annum, (except so much of the same particular yearly Fund as is to be applied for the Payment of Principal and Satisfaction of the Interest of the Loans to be made upon the same as aforesaid) such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be thought meet and necessary by the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed to take Care of the said Buildings as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, for the Buildings, Repairs and other the Services last before mentioned; which Moneys so to be issued as aforesaid shall be paid unto such Person or Persons, (not being of the Number of the same Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint to be the Treasurer or Treasurers in this Behalf; and shall be received by him or them by way of Imprest, and be accounted for only by such Treasurer or Treasurers; and shall be disbursed, expended and applied by such Treasurer and Treasurers respectively, according to such Orders and Warrants as he or they shall receive from Time to Time from the

i C 9. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

the said Commissioners for the said Buildings and Repairs, or any five or more of them, for all or any the Uses and Services before by this or the said former Acts prescribed or allowed in that Behalf, and not Treasuret ac otherwise, or to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; said Treasurer and Treasurers respectcountnble in the tively shall be accountable in the Exchequer for the same, and shall give such sufficient Security, as shall be Exchequer, and approved by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the trea co give ecunty. ^urer an(j unc]er_treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, before he or they enter upon his or their Office for making such Accounts.

The Produce of X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, t^fiat the Produce of the said the Duties before Duties which shall come or be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer for such Coals or Culm, as afore 25 March 1719, fa imported or to be imported before the said Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one Pursuince of the thousand seven hundred and nineteen, shall be issued and applied in such Manner as the same ought to have foimer Acts. been issued and applied by or in pursuance of the said former Acts or any of them, if this present Act had not been made; and if it shall appear, after the Application thereof, that any Money shall remain unsatisfied for Principal or Interest upon the Register of Loans kept at the Exchequer, by virtue or in purfu

9 Arm. C 22. ance of the said Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her late majesty's Reign or either of them, then

10 Ann. C 11. such Remainder so unsatisfied shall be paid and discharged out of the first Moneys to be raised or paid in

Part of the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

the powers, C

XI. And it is hereby enacted, That all such Powers, Provisoes, Directions and Clauses contained in in the termer the said recited Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her said late majesty's Reign, and in the said Act of t^le ear his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament touching the building and 1 co. n. repa; ring of the said Churches, and any other Matters and Things therein specified, as are now in Force and are not taken away or altered by this present Act, shall continue and be in Force to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Directions, Provisoes and Clauses were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Acts.

his majestymay

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Audi and may be lawful to appoint Com and for the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors from Time to Time, by Commission or Letters pa thtfciwrcht tents unt^€r the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute and appoint such Persons to be com X nlrl1ce> missioner to execute all and every the Powers in the said recited Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her said late majesty's Reign, and of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, which do or shall remain to be executed, and all the Powers in this present Acts, touching the building and repairing of the fais Churches and other Matters by such Commissioners to be done and performed, and to observe such Directions as shall be most conducible to his Majesty's gracious and pious Intentions in the premisses.

XIII. And to the End a good and sufficient Fund and Security may be settled and efiabliftied for raising the Sum of five hundred and five thousand nine hundred ninety and five Pounds, Part of the said sum of five hundred twenty-eight thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence, for making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament: Be it further enacted by the Af: ei lady nay Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast of the Annunciation of the Years vover 1 Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for and during the Term of thirty-two

14s. per Apt.." Years from thence next immediately ensuing, the full Sum of thirty thousand five hundred fifty and nine to be the Fund Pounds and fourteen Shillings per Annum, by or out of the Moneys of or for the said several Duties on for the fortunate Coals and Culm by this Act appropriated or intended to be appropriated as aforesaid, shall be and by this Lots' Act is declared and enacted to be a particular Fund and Security for answering and paying, as well the Principal

as the Interest of the fortunate Lots or Chances herein after mentioned, in such Course, Manner and Form as are hereafter in this Act prescribed in that Behalf: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, are hereby ftridliy enjoined and required to cause the said yearly Sum of thirty thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds and fourteen Shillings to be from Time to Time set apart, issued and applied according to this Act, out of the Duties arising as aforesaid; former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

anvperfcnsrray

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any bu cor.tnbutors. Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute or advance, for or towards raising the said Sum of five hundred and five thousand nine hundred and ninety five Pounds, by paying, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Acts limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of three Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of three Pounds, upon this Acts; and that for raising the said Sum of five hundred and five thousand nine hundred nin.ty five Pounds, any Person who will become Contributor or Adventurer, shall or may advance the Sum of three Pounds, for which Sums so advanced he, she or they, in case of a fortunate Lot shall be entitled to receive, by virtue of this A CL ft ch principal Money and lmereft for the same, to be paid, as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said particular Fund of thirty thousand five hundred fifty and nine Pounds and fourteen Shillings per Annum settled by this Act; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of three Pounds, as lie, she or they shall think fit; and for every such Sum of three Pounds so advanced he, she or they if fortunate, is and are to be intended in one Lot or Share of and in the same yearly Fund by virtue of this Act: And the same entire Sums of three Pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid to such Receiver or Receivers at or before the respective Days and Times and in the respective Proportions herein after mentioned, that is to say. Cue

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 9. 191

third Part thereof on or before the fifteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and of P; i the remaining two third Parts thereof on or before the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one -

thousand seven hundred and nineteen. eermnpbtjcduir.

on coj/st OV. 5 Geo. 1. C ic. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. i^gtc. 1. C 21. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 3 o Geo. 2. C 19.

tc Treasury to appoint Managers. Books to be prepared with two Columns. Treasury to appoint Re "Managers to examine the Books. 'Pickets how to be delivered out. Books to be rc dcdivered "to the Managers by 2.0 May 1719. Tickets not disposed of to be delivered into the Exchequer to be cancelled."

EXP.

XVIII. And whereas in and by one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying r«itai of certain Overplus Moneys and further Sums to be ret fed, as well by way of a Lottery as by Loans, towards paying 5 9C'\' C. 5.

off and cancelling exchequer bills, and for lessening the present great Charge in relation to those Bills, and Ln'ttfry. aft'or" - circulating and exchanging for ready aloncy the Ref clue of the Jame Bills for the future. It is enacted. Treat tbu Sefiiua.

one hundred sixty eight thousand six hundred sixty five Tickets therein mentioned shall be rolled up and put into a Box to be marked with the Letter (A) and secured as in the time Act is prescribed; and that Books shall be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns; and that upon the innermost of those two Columns there hull be printed one hundred sixty eight thousand six hundred sixty five Tickets, and that upon the outermost of those two Columns there shall be printed one hundred sixty eight thousand six hundred sixty five Tickets; and that twenty-eight thousand one hundred and nine. Part of those contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be and.be called the Fortunate Tickets, to which the Prizes or Benefits shall belong, as is therein mentioned; and the said Fortunate Tickets shall be written upon, as well in Figures as 111 Words at Length,

in Manner following, that is to say. Upon one of them, twenty thousand Pounds principal Money; upon two of them severally, ten thousand Pounds principal Money; upon every one of four of them severally

five thousand Pounds principal Money; upon every one of thirty of them severally, one thousand Pounds principal Money; upon every one of seventy of them severally; five hundred Pounds principal Money;

upon every one of four hundred and four of them severally, one hundred Pounds principal Money; upon every one of eight hundred of them severally, fifty Pounds principal Money; upon every one of fourteen hundred and eight of them severally, five and twenty Pounds principal Money; and upon every one of twenty-five thousand three hundred and ninety of them severally, ten Pounds principal Money: Which principal Sums, together with five hundred Pounds principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the 4 i irft drawn icket, and five thousand Pounds principal Money to the Owner of the La ft drawn Ticket, besides the Benefits which may happen to belong to the two Tickets lull mentioned) do amount in the Whole to five hundred thousand Pounds; and that all the Tickets contained in the outermost Co 4 lumns of the lull mentioned Books, shall be carefully rolled up and put into another Box to be marked with the Letter (B), to be also secured as in the same Add is prescribed; and that on or before the twenty fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nineteen the said several Boxes, with the Tickers therein, shall be brought into the guild hall of the City of London; and that the Tickets therein shall be drawn, and the Fortunate Tickets ascertained, adjuiled and settled in the Manner and within such Time as are therein mentioned, as by the same Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear.'

Now in regard the Tickets prescribed by this present Act do consist of the same Numbers, and are to be Every Chance of attended with the same Chances with those appointed to be prepared by the Act last before recited: It is this Lottery to hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chance of every Ticket for which any Money, b?

shall be contributed on this present Act (whether the same shall happen to be a Prize or a Blank) shall 0; her Lot' determined by the drawing of the Tickets upon the said other Act; so that in every Case where any nura tery. bred Ticket upon the Drawing by the said other Act shall he entitled to a Prize in principal Adoney, the 5 Geo. j. 0, 3, Ticket of the like Number to be made forth upon this present Act shall be entitled to a Prize of the like Value in principal Money; and in every Case where any numbered Ticket upon the Drawing by the said other Act shall not be a Prize, the Ticket of the like Number to be made forth upon this present Act shall likewise be deemed to be an unfortunate Ticket, to which no Prize shall belong.

The Method of Drawing to ascertain the Course of Payment. An exact Tablenf the "Course of Payment to be printed. Fortunate Tickets to be brought to the Managers within 30 Days after Drawing. For tunate Tickets to be printed. Forging or counterfeiting Tickets Felony. Managers to enter Fortunate Tickets in a Book, and transmit it into the Exchequer. Interest to be paid Quarterly. First Payment at St. John baptif's Day 1719. Managers to be sworn. Their Oath. All Receipts and Issues at the "44 Exchequer to be gratis, &c. Money lent tax free. Fortunate Tickets to be exchanged for Handing Orders. Orders in the same Course of Payment to be numbered according to their bringing in Orders to be paid numerically, C and assignable. Several Orders in the same thousand may be turned into one Order, not exceeding cool, in one Order. The Fund of 30, 559l. 14l. per Annum appropriated for pay ing Interest and Principal. No undue Preference if subsequent Orders he paid before other Persons that; 44 did not come to take their Money. Moneys of one Year proving deficient, to be paid out of the next Year. Notice in the London Gazette, and by Writing to be hung up in the Office, to be given of what Courses are in Payment. Receivers may take in Money before they receive their Books. Contributor 144 advancing one Third, and not the remaining two Thirds by 15 May 1719. the first Third forfeited, Lie, Treasury to appoint Officers to pay interest and Principal, and to register all Assignments of Orders, e* Alignments to be registered without Fee. Extraordinary Benefits of wool, or upwards, may be dl

64 vided

192 C io. Anne quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

"vided into several Handing Orders, C Guardians may subscribe for Infants. The Overplus of the "Duties on Coals quarterly, to make good the residual Sum 0122, 325l. 1 s. 9d. The Managers and "incident Charges to be paid out of the Duties on Coals, " E XP.

All Surplus Mo

XLII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Surplus, Excess, or Overplu ^on'les9 which shall or may quarterly, or at the End of any Quarter of a Year, during the said Term o 'J "'r'thirty-two Years, arise by the said Duties on Coals and Culm hereby appropriated, as aforesaid (over and

above so much as shall be sufficient to discharge the Moneys then due. and incurred on the said particular Fund of twenty-one thousand Pounds per Annum, and on the said particular Fund, not exceeding thirty thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds and fourteen Shillings per Annum, and over and above the necessary Charges for executing this Act, and over and above the Moneys applicable by this Act, to satisfy the said residual Sum of twenty-two thousand three hundred twenty-five Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence) and that all the Surplus, Excess, or Overplus Moneys which shall or may arise and remain of or for the said Duties on Coals and Culm hereby appropriated, as aforesaid, after the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds to be charged on the said particular Fund of twenty-one thousand Pounds per Annum, and after all the Principal and Interest to be charged, as aforesaid, on the said particular Sum of thirty thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds and fourteen Shillings prr Annum, and after the said residual Sum of twenty-two thousand three hundred twenty-five Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence, and the said necef faiy Charges of executing this Act, shall be entirely paid off, discharged and satisfied, (or sufficient Money shall be set off for those Purposes) shall be kept apart and reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be disposed or applied to any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but by Authority of Parliament, and according to such future AT or ats of Parliament as shall be made and passed for the Disposition thereof.

Clause for the 1

XLIII. And whereas notwithstanding the several good ats of Parliament heretofore made against: n, ore efuau.n C prjvate Lotteries, several Persons have given public Notice for taking Subscriptions for the Sale of the va^elotterics*." ' Chances, or Part of the Chances to arise on the Tickets to be issued by virtue of the said Act, entitled, ? Geo 1. C. 3. C An Act for applying certain Overplus Moneys, and further Sums to be raised, as uiell by way of Lottery as by Rcferto 10 & 11 1 Loans, tenvoi ds paying off and cancelling exchequer bills, and for lessening the present great Charge in relation c. 17 ' to those Bills, and for circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Ref due of the same Bills for the future,

0 im. C 6. e not being posseflej of the Tickets on which such Chances, or Parts of Chances are proposed to be sold,

0 am. C 26. ' thereby ereting another Lottery, or entering into an Undertaking resembling a Lottery, for their private §. 109. ' Benefit, on the Foot of the Lottery so ereted by Parliament, to the great and manifeli Prejudice of the

public Credit, and in open Contempt of the said ats of Parliament made against: private Lotteries: 'For the preventing and remedying such pernicious pratices, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same and all such kind of Undertakings, shall be and are hereby declared to be within the true Intent and Meaning of the several ats of Parliament made against: private Lotteries; and the several Person or Persons, buying, selling, subscribing, or taking Subscriptions for the Purchase of such Chances or Lots, or Part or parts of such Chances or Lots, of or on any one or more of the Tickets made out, or to be made out, in pursuance of this or any other AT or ats of Parliament for a public Lottery, or of or on the Number or Numbers of any such Ticket or Tickets, without having such original Ticket or Tickets in his, her or their own Custody and Right, shall be liable to, and suffer the several Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures inflited by any former Act or ats of Parliament, upon such as shall be concerned in private Lotteries: And further, That if at any Time or Times, after the twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, any Person or Persons hall presume to sell, or take Subscriptions for the Sale or Sales of the Lot or Chance, Lots or Chances, or any Part or Parts of the Lot or Chance, Lots or Chances, of or on any one or more Ticket or Tickets, or of or on the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets made or to be made out in pursuance of this or any other AT or ats of Parliament for a public Lottery, without having such Ticket or Tickets in his, her or their Custody or Right, such Person or Persons shall, for every Lot or Chance, or Part of Lot or Chance so sold or subscribed for, as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above any former Penalties inflited by any former Act or ats of Parliament made against: private Lotteries; the one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as, in his, her or their own Right, shall at the Commencement of the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries be possessed of the Ticket or Pickets on which such Lot or Chance, or Part of Lot or Chance, shall be sold or subscribed for, as aforesaid, to be recovered by ation of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any his Concrmln? Loin majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, as aforesaid

see Artier, S Geo. IC. 2. §. 36.9 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. 2. c. 35. 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. 13 Geo. 2. c. 19. 29 Geo. 2. c. 7. see. 2 6,

CAP. X

An act for enlarging the Time granted by two ats of Parliament, for Repairs of the Piers of Bridlington alias Burlington, and for making the said ats more effetual.

1 Geo. 1. c. 49. ' I. WHEREAS by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled.

This Act is An Act to revive and continue an Act of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

7*geo ll si t'^'tns William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington alias Burlington in the East riding of the County of r. C 16. T jv. ' York, It was enacted, That the said Act of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty ac" " '

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 11. 193

King William the Third, and all the Duties and Sums of Money thereby granted and made payable, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, (hold from and after the twenty-fourth Day of yune one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ilanj and be revived, continued and paid, for the Term of fourteen Years, videlicet, front the said twenty-fourth Day of Juneone thousand seven hundred and sixteen until the twenty-fourth Day of yune one thousand seven hundred and thirty: And whereas for the gieater Security of such Ships and Vessels as find], from Time to Time, come into the Harbour of brilmgtcn, C it is absolutely necessary, that both the said Piers should be lengthened, and the whole South Pier be speedily rebuilt (and moult Part thereof upon a new Foundation) and that new Jetties fitottld be alb built,

and other neccfi ary Works made for the Security thereof: 'He it enacted, GY.

"The Trustees in the recited Act, and those herein named, may lengthen the North and South Piers,

"build Jetties, Gc. The Act9W. 3. C 29. Dial! continue in Force for 25 Years, after "June 24,

"1730. The Trustees in the recited Act of 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 49, and those herein named, lltall have "Power to raise and dispose of the Duty granted by 8^9 W. 3. C 29. Trustees dying, the Survivors CC may elect others. Additional Duties granted after June 24, 17/9- To be raised, GY. as by the former "Acts. Persons, Lands, g<r. heretofore chargeable with building, GY. the said Piers, g<r. fltull continue to "be so after the said Piers, Gt. are lengthned, Gc. Trustees may assign the Duties, and grant the Tolls,

"Ge. for thirty-six Years, as a Security for Money to be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act. If any "Person be filed, the Action shall be laid in the County of York, and the Defendant may plead the Gene "Issue, Grand shall recover treble Costs." PR.

CAP. XI.

An aist against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Ctistoms.

C \tzfifreas the Laws already made for preventing the unlawful importing and clandestine n Car. f.

running and landing of customable and prohibited Goods and Merchandizes, have by Expo 13 & 14c31-. 2.

rience been found to be ineffectual to prevent such illegal Practises, whereby his Majesty is greatly dc 1' 1 '

frauded of and in his Duties, and fair Traders, who duly pay Duties, are very much discouraged and injured in their Trades: And whereas for the better carrying on such private and clandestine Trade, I. r.'4t*i'o.

diverse small Vessels, under the Burden of fifteen Tonnes, are generally employed in the undue importing, 4o? 5 tv. AT. ' running and landing foreign Brandy, strong waters and Spirits, contrary to the Laws already made and cs 1 in Force: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's ntoft Excellent Majesty, by and with thee'* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af aftca uvrcfi sembled, and by Authority of the same, That if any foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, strong vaters or 1719, Brandy, Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, shall from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand impoired in seven hundred and nineteen be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, 7v Ship under Haven or Creek thereof, in any Ship, vessel or Boat, under the Burden of fifteen Tonnes (except only ship" oifeite<£ for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, (not exceeding C '

one Gill n for each such Seaman) every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer orcontinue!j Officers of the Cuiloms, and shall and may be proceeded against and recovered in the Manner herein Geo. 2. cis. after mentioned; and after the Seizure and Condemnation of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, the principal of frommay 1719, ficers of his Majesty's Cuiloms in the Port or Place where the same shall be at the Time of Condemnation, 'n SP' 73 tare hereby directed to cause such Ship, Vessel or Boat, to be entirely broke up, and the Materials to be vj3 publicly sold to the best Advantage, together with the Tackle, Furniture and Apparel thereunto belong ships' a C cf.13 ing, the Produce whereof to be divided as herein after mentioned. Tonnes or under, importing Brandy, care forfeited.

II. And whereas Rum is now imported in much greater Proportions than formerly: And whereas the After 29 Sept.

Importing thereof in small Casks or Vessels is many times done with Design that the same may more j7>9>

easily, privately, and clandestinely be carried off"and conveyed without paying the Duties For Remedy Gal"

whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the twenty-ninth Day of September one]orj> forfeited, thousand seven hundred and nineteen, any Runt shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into For the Conti, any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek thereof, in any Cask or Vessel, not containing twenty Gallons at nuance of this the least (excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel) /ee

all such Rum, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited j. nevertheless if it shall be made appear, to the Satis 'd L J'

faction of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that such Rum so imported in Geo. 2. C S. small Casks, was for the Use of the Mailer or Seamen belonging to the Ship or Vessel fit the Voyage, or list. 3. imported by Merchants or Traders, without Fraud or Concealment, that then and in every such Case the Geo. 2. <\33 said Officers are hereby empowered and directed to admit such Rum to an Entry, and ctutfe the Duties thereof to be accepted, instead of the Forfeiture thereof before mentioned; arty Thing herein contained toot tiff Maker"' the contrary notwithstanding -

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any foreign Goods, Wares or After 23 March Merchandizes, shall after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, 1719, Foreign by any Collier, fisher boat, or other coasting Vessel or Boat, be taken in at Sea, or out of any Ship or0^' m Vessel whatsoever, in order to bedanded or put into any other Ship, Vessel or Boat, within the Limits offfff xc.'r'o any Port, without Payment of the Customs and other Duties due and payable for the same, such Goods, t j3no'ed or put Wares and Merchandizes shall be forfeited, and the Mailer of such Collier, fisher boat, or other coasting n board any

Vol. V CC veil'el'nilerve, jy

194

C I T.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718^.

without Payment of the Duties, forfeited.

For the Continuance of this Clause, see 9 Geo. 1. c. 3. lea $. 2c 2 Geo. 2. C zs

after clearing the Ship, forfeited. For the Continuance of this Clause, see 9 Geo. 1. c. 3. sea. 8.

2 Geo. 2.

a. 3.

zo Ana. C 26.

8 Ann. C 73.

After 1 May 1719, no Bind for Exportation of Certificate Goods to Ireland

Veil CL or Boat, Hull forfeit treble the Value of such Goods, unless in case of Necessity, which such Master immediately give Notice of, and make proof before the chief Officers of the Customs of the fiilt Port of this Kingdom where he shall arrive; and the Master, Purser, or other Person taking charge of the Ship or Vessel, out of which such Goods shall be taken in at Sea, unless in case of Necessity, as aforesaid, shall forfeit treble the Value of such Goods so unshipt; one Moiety of which Forfeiture to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and succdtors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who will inform or sue for the same, and shall and may be recovered in like Manner as is herein after mentioned.

fest. 3. and the Mailer to forfeit treble the Value, unless in case of Necetlity.

Goods notre £ And whereas in Ships from foreign Parts, Goods are often found at clearing such Ships concealed f, orted, andiourid in fajfe bulk heads between the Linings and false Knees, or in concealed Lockers, in order to their being landed without Payment of Duties, so that tis almost impoftihle for Officers of the Customs to discover them without having some previous Information: 'For Prevention of which fraudulent Practises, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, all Goods not reported, and found after the clearing the Ship by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall be liable to Forfeiture, and such Goods shall and may be seized and is. prosecuted in the Manner herein after mentioned; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the late queen's Reign, for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Cpffee, Tea, Drugs, ' and other Things, Certificates for the Discharge of Bonds given at the customhouse upon the Exportation of Coffee or Tea, that the same shall not be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, are to be under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate in such Place or Places in Parts beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British) Merchants then being at such Place or Places, That such Coffee,

£ Tea or Drugs was there landed; which Provision is found insufficient for the Security of the Revenue of Customs against any secret relanding such Coffee, Tea or Drugs, in some Part of this Kingdom: And in 1 regard a better Provision may be made with respect to such Goods exported to Ireland, as is made in the Case of Tobacco, by an Act made in the eighth Year of her said late majesty's Reign Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, no such Bond given for the Exportation of Coffee, Tea, or other Certificate Goods exported to Ireland, shall be delivered up, or any Drawback allowed for any Goods entitled thereto, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Controller and Surveyor of the Customs of some Port in Ireland, or any two of them, where such Goods shall be landed, testifying tha

to be delivered Ending thereof; and for the future the Condition of all such Bonds, required by Law to be given for the P, oranydr.wr Exportation of any of the said Goods to Ireland, shall be, to produce such Certificate in six Months from had: aiiowed.til!the Date thereof (the Daiiger of the Seas and Enemies excepted; ! and in case no such Certificate shall be produced within the said Lime of six Months, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the & C where the tlustoms n England or Scotland respectively to cause such Bonds to be put in Suit, unless they shall find

Goods were sufficient Cause to forbear the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

landed, C For the Continuance of this Clause, see 9 Geo. 1. C S. fcct. 8. & 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. fect. 3.

VI. And whereas the Remedies already provided by Law, to prevent the relanding Goods prohibited

to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, have not been

£ sufficient to put a Stop to the fraudulent relanding such Goods, to the Prejudice of the Revenue and the fair Traders; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, if any such Goods shall be unshipped, or put on Shore (unless in case of Distress to favc the Ship from perishing, or in the Presence of an Officer of the Customs) the said Goods shall be forfeited; and if the Master, Purser, or other Person, taking care of any Ship wherein the said Goods shall be laden, shall suffer or permit any of the said Goods to be landed or unshipped (unless as aforesaid) the said Master, Purser, or other Person, taking care of such Ship, shall forfeit the Value of such Goods so unshipped or landed; and the Person or Persons to whose Hands orpof session the said Goods shall come, after the unshipping or landing thereof, he or they knowing the same to be so unshipped, shall forfeit double the Value of the said Goods, unless he or they shall make Discovery there of to the principal Officers of the Customs in six Days after the said Goods shall so come to his or their Hands; provided the said Goods shall not have been seized by, or Information given thereof to any Officer of the Customs before such Discovery

And whereas the Persons concerned in carrying on the said fraudulent Practises do frequently £ cause the Package of such Goods to be opened on board the Ship, during the Time Ihe continues in Port,

£ whereby they have a better Opportunity to rcland the said goods for the Prevention whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Package of any such Goods shall, with the Privity or Consent of the Master, Purser, or other Persons taking care of such Ship or Vessel. opened on board any Ship or Vessel, or put into other Forrri or Package, during the Time the said Ship or Vessel remains in Port, without Leave of one or more of the principal Officers of the Port, the said Master, Purser, or other Person, taking care of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds; and if the said Adafter, Purser, or other Person, taking care of such Ship or Vessel, shall permit or suffer any of the said Goods to be unshipped or landed, or the Package of any such Goods to be opened), or put into any other Form, without Leave, as aforesaid _ such Master, Purser, or other Person, shall. also suffer six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize.

After 23 March 1719, Goods' prohibited to be worn here, and foreign Goods, relanded, forfeited.

Penalty on Mailer or Purser. For the Continuance of this Clause, see 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. fest. 8.

2 Geo. 2. c. 2s. fe£fci 7.

Penalty on Mailer, C permitting the Package of such Goods to be opened on boaid, without Leave. For the Continuance of this Clause, see 9 Geo. 1. c. 8.

8. & z Geo. 2. c. 28. §. 3.

VIII

A.D. 1

Anno quinto Georgii Regis.

C

i r,

*95

C the same privately on Shore as Opportunity offers, to the great Diminution and Loss of the Revenue, oco at.<

Ruin of fair Traders j and by reason of the said Vefiefs so hovering, frequent Opportunities are' jm.p V

1 found for carrying on the clandestine Trade of exporting Wool, and other Staple Commodities of this jit)"

Kingdom prohibited to be transported For the Letter preventing whereof, Be it declared and enacted by of jf

the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven For coni hundred and nineteen, where any Ship or vessel of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under, laden with custo nuance of: hu mable or prohibited Goods, shall be found hovering on the Coasts of this Kingdom, within the Limits of claus., f: C any Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage for foreign Parts, or to some other Port of this Kingdom,

Wind and Weather permitting, it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of his Mac

jesty's Customs to go on board every such Ship or Vessel, and to take an Account of the Lading, and to'J

demand and take Security from the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or vessel in that Voyage, by his own Bond by him to be entered into unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be treble the Value of such foreign Goods then on

Board, with Condition, That such Ship or Vessel (as soon as Wind and Weather, and the State and

Condition of such Ship or vessel doth permit) shall and will proceed regularly on such Voyage, and shall

land such foreign Goods in and at some foreign Port or Ports; and if such Master or other Person having er

or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or vessel, Hull upon such Demand refuse to enter into such

Bond, or having entered into such Bond, shall not depart or proceed regularly on such Voyage (as soon as

Wind, Weather, and the State and Condition of such Ship or vessel shall permit) unless otherwise fufr ered

to make a longer Stay by the Collector (or other principal Officer in his Absence, of such Port where

such Ship or Veiled shall be, not exceeding twenty Days) then and in either of the said Cases, all the The Foreign

foreign Goods soon board such Ship or vessel, shall and may, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs,

by Direction of the Collector or other principal Officer, as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such Ship ship, anj (cor

Vessel, and forthwith brought on Shore and secured; in case the said Goods are customable, the cured, end

Customs and other Duties shall be paid for the same; and as concerning Wool or any prohibited Goods, Custom paid.

or other Goods liable to f orfeiture, which may be found on board such Ships or vessels at the Time anj Wool or

of their unlading, as aforesaid, the same are hereby declared to be subject to Forfeiture, and the Officers prollb, tcli Coo, ij

of the Customs shall and may prosecute the same, as also the Ship or vessel, in case she shall be liable, orteltc '

to Condemnation, as in the Manner herein after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, That after such Goods are so taken out of such Ship or vessel, and brought on Such Goods Shore and secured by such Officer or Officers, such Bonds so to be given, as aforesaid, shall be void and lg0nn(i to

delivered up without any Fee or Reward for taking or delivering up the same; and such Bond not being i, e delivered up. otherwise difehanred, shall on a proper Certificate returned under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate Hew Condi not in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known Britis1> Merchants otherwise dif upon the Place, that such Goods were there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Goods te^seated were taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas (the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judge a C*ment of the Commissioners of the Customs) shall be vacated and discharged.

X. And whereas altering the Package of Coffee for Exportation hath been found to be prejudicial to Co [°, bhe tl- C his Majesty's customs be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five or

and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, no Coffee shall be exported but., n some bale con such only as shall be contained in the original Bale or Package, or in some Bale or Package containing the urning the lime same Quantity therein, or in some Bale or Package containing not less than four hundred Weight, and qia|3m.v> or nut the same Marks and Numbers thereon with which it was first entered at his Majesty's customhouse; ex-&csl an400!' cepting only such Coffee as shall be exported to his Majesty's Plantations or Ireland. port, e ewi

XI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That so much of this ALT as relates to the Importation of nuance of this foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, s.rong waters or Spirits, in any Ship, Vessel or Boar, under the Burden ciauirfcecgei. of fifteen Tonne; and so much of this aetas relates to such foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, ass as be taken in at Sea, and out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship, ^j)0-2' c's'5 vessel or Boat; and so much of this A as relates to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; continuation of and so much of this aetas provides further Remedies against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this the several Parts Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and so much of this Act as relates to rac the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound; and so much of this Act tinued by o relates to hovering Ships or vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under; and so much of this act asgeu. 2i Concerns the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; shall continue and be in Force for three rv ifofirth, Years, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and from <, /.

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And so much of this Act as relate to Rum imported in Calks or vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the Icaft, shall continue£!o'z. HAND be in Force from the nine and twentieth Day of Southeast temher one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, hjiiy 33 Co for three Years, and from thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and - r so much of this aetas relates to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported for Ireland shall continue and be in Force for three Years from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

16.

C C 2

XI

i q6

C

VI

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

wir 7 no LI th 3: ki; i c.'ooil; ?o L e inipoi tc3 n to ];, I and from ]'! r: gn Paris. Penalty.

Penalty on Officers conniving, C

72 Ann, ft. 2, C l3.

XI!.L And whereas great Quantities of wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk and Herba, as ';: i.rb Muslins, and other Calicoes, of the Manufacture of per/ia, China or Baste india, are, notwithstanding the Laws already made to the contrary, frequently imported from foreign Parts, and landed in Ireland, to theprcj tidice of fair Traders For the better preventing the same for the future, Be it declared and en rdted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the before mentioned Goods shall, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, be imported into the said Kingdom of Ireland, from any Place or Places whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the former Acts (other than fro n Great Britain) under the Penalty and Forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid Goods so import.d, or the Value thereof, as also of the Ship or vdtel importing the same, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; one Aloiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize, inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts

Officers of the Customs in tion of any of the Goods afore meri

him or thereof

Geo. r. C 12

Goods laved out of any stranded Ship, alter Salvage and Charges p<iid, Lable to Customs, &c.

1 W. & M. feffi i. C 32.

Provisions for preventing the Exportation of Wool, to extend to wool fells, Mortlings, cof

Record in Dublin, in the said Kingdom of Ireland; and if any Officer or Officers of the Customs in Ireland shall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent Importatio tioned, contrary t them to seize any 1

to Condemnation, northeast or they 10 conniving, acmnng or delaying mail tortcit and Jole ttie Sum ot five hundred Pounds, to be sued for and divided in the Manner aforesaid; such Officer or Officers shall also be incapable of holding any Office or imployment.under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And whereas an Act was made in the iwelfth Year of the late Queen, intituled, An Act for the preferring all such Ships and Goods thereof which fall happen to be forced on Shore or Jiranded upon the Coajts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majestf s Dominions; wherein is recited (amongst other Things)

That many Ships of Trade, after all their Dangers at Sea escaped, have unfortunately near home run on Shore or been stranded on the Coasts thereof, and been barbarously plundered by his Majesty's Subjects, and their Cargoes imbezilled; and when any Part has been saved, it has been swallowed up by the exorbitant Demands for Salvage, to the great Loss of his Majesty's Revenue and Damage of his Majesty's trading Subjects; and therefore it is by the said Act (among other Things) enacted, That such Ships, Vessels or Goods so to be saved, as therein is mentioned, shall remain in the Custody of the Officer of the Customs or his Deputy for the Purposes of the said Act; and if such Goods flail not be legally claimed by the rightful Owner within the Time therein limited. That then public Sale shall he made thereof (and if perishable Goods, forthwith to be sold) and after all Charges deducted, the Refi due of the Moneys arising by such Sale, with a fair and just Account of the whole, shall be transmitted to his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the Benefit of the Owner; which Act was made perpe, tual by another Add of the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign made in that Behalf: And whereas from the want of express Words whereby to subject stranded Goods so saved to the Payment of Customs and other Duties, a Doubt has arisen, whether such Goods are liable to pay the same, to the great Loss of his Majesty's Revenue and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Adds Be it therefore enacted and a dared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, which from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen shall be salved out of any Ship or Vessel that shall happen to be forced on Shore or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom (not being wreck'd Goods, or Jetfam, Flotsam, or Lagan) shall, after Charges of Salvage and other Charges paid as aforesaid, be subject and liable to the Payments of the like Customs and other Duties, with such Drawbacks upon Exportation, and the like Allowances and Abatements, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes would, by any Law or Laws now in Force, be liable unto and entitled to have, in case the same were regularly imported; anything in the aforesaid Acts or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas in the Preamble of the Act made in the first Year of King William and Queen Mary, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, Wool, wool fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, Full lers earth, fulling clay and tobacco pipe clay, are enumerated; but in the cnadting Part thereof, which relates to the carrying Wool coastwise, Wool only is mentioned, and the other enumerated Goods left out, whereby frequent Opportunities are given for the Exportation of them, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act It is therefore hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen the like Provision made for preventing the Exportation of Wool in and by the Act before mentioned, is hereby directed and appointed to extend to wool fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn made of Wool, wool flocks, fullers earrh, fulling clay and tobacco pipe clay aforesaid, carried coastwise; any Thing in the said Actor in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 XV. And whereas great Quantities of Silks, Calicoes, Linens or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained or died, in Great Britain, are exposed to Sale without having a Mark or Stamp to denote the Payment of the Duties: And whereas such as have been so marked or stamped are frequently hipped off in order to be exported into Parts beyond the Seas, whereby the Person or Persons exporting the said Goods are en titled to a great Drawback; and it hath been found by Experience, that great Quantities of such Goods, after they have been hipped for Exportation, have been privately relanded in this Realm; and the Re 4 medies already provided by Law have not been sufficient to obviate a Practice so prejudicial to his Majesty and all fair and honest Traders in such Goods: ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from

and

A.D. 17 1 8.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 11. 197

and rfter the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, during the Continuance of the L r'cr > May laid Duties, in case any Silks, Caliicoes, Linens or Stuffs, printed, painted, ltained or died, in Great Britain, fiuiil be found in any Place whatsoever, on Land or Water, without being marked or fe.ilej'.'t jnn'.k with a Stamp or Seal, denoting. That the Duties have been duly paid or charged (except on board such fcrt uj.'?

and

or n, xcite; and ine rcrion or rcrions in v/liofe Custody or Possession the (roods so foiled shall be found, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of i'em'.ty

Ships or Vefill on which such Goods have been shipped for export tion) the tame shall be forfjud, shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Cuvioins or Excite; and th: Person or Persons in

tc/ctj j / ui at itaufcji, j ± iit/.i it i: vfij in

it every Person or ili fons who should import ireftly from any of his Majesty's Plantations

Ana.

fifty Pounds; one Moiety of which Forfeitures and penal.ics shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue 1'ot ll'r ceilors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall f. ize, inform or sue for the lame in his Majesty,

of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein 11 i Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed: Provided always, That the Goods so recovered shall not be delivered on. of the custom house Warehouse, until the same shall be marked or sealed with a proper Mark or Stamp, to le provided by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose; they are hereby ditested and authorised to provide the same, and to cause the faij Goods to be it.irnp.d tii.ie.vith accordingly; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas in ant by an Act made in the third and fourth Years of her late majesty's Reign,

entitled. An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her mnje/ly's Plantations in a.neri ' ca, It was amongst other Things declared and enacted, That 1 ' or cause to be imported Tar or Pitch into this Kingdom, dire

in America, within the Time therein mentioned, he or they so importing the same should have and en

joy a Reward or Premium of four Pounds for every Tonne containing eight (a) Barrels, and each Barrel L tvp'.iv

gauging thirty-one Gallons and one Half of good and merchantable Tar; and the like Reward or Pre, I'

mium for every Tonne of good and merchantable Pitch, each Tonne containing twenty Gross Hundreds

(Net Pitch) to be brought in eight Barrels; and by another Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign 12 Ann. Hat. 1.

of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Teats of the C 9'

Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Natal Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America; And for the encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, the first mentioned Act, and every Part thereof, is continued from the Time of the Expiration of the same for and during the Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And it is thereby enacted, That the like Rewards or Premiums shall be allowed on the Importation of good and merchantable 'Far and Pitch from North britain into any Part of South britain, in such Manner as is

therein mentioned: And whereas Complaints have been made by the Commissioners or principal Offi cers of his Majesty's Navy, That Tar brought from the said Plantations is frequently mixed with Dross

Water, and that Dirt or Dross is often found in the Pitch, whereby the same are unfit fi r the Ser

vice of his Majesty's Navy: 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from After 22sfpr; and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nineteen no Certificate shall jp'?1 be made out in order to allow the Premium or Reward for any such Pitch, until the same be freed fromo, tf0j0j>: jt.h'olt Dirt or Dross, or for any such Tar that is not fitting to be used for making Cordage, and that shall not Tar till fr ed be freed from Dross and Water, and unless such Pitch and Tar be clean, good, merchantable and well from Dross, ex. conditioned.

XVII. And whereas by the said last mentioned Acts the Person or Persons importing such Pitch and Tar are entitled to the said Premium or Reward, upon a Certificate from the Officers of the Customs '.where such Pitch and Tar is imported: And whereas the said Officers have not sufficient Authority by the said Acts to examine the said Pitch and Tar so strictly as they ought to do, to enable them in Judge ment to certify whether the same is good and merchantable Be it therefore enacted by the Authority Officers of the aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of the Customs, before they make any such Customs. before Certificate, to examine the said Pitch by opening the Heads of the Barrels wherein it is imported, sawing off the Staves in the Middle and breaking the Barrel, or so many of them as they find sufficient to make examine" ?'° a Proof, or by such other Means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover whether the said pitch and Tar. Pitch is good and merchantable, not mixed with Dirt or Dross; and also it shall and may be lawful to and for t;, e comi for the said Officers to examine and search the said Tar, to find out and discover whether th 1 same is clean, nuance of tins good, merchantable, well conditioned and clear of Dross or Water, and fit for making Cordage. and the following

Section, see 2 Geo. 2. c. 35. see. 10.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward shall nofee for era

be demanded, taken or received by any Officers of the Customs for the examining.

viewing

or deliveringminir|g> cc

such Pitch, Tar or other Naval Stores, with respect to the Premium or Reward allowed by the Acts afore mentioned, or for the making or signing a Certificate in order to the receiving such Premium or Reward, under the Penalty of the Loss of his Office; and such Officer shall be also incapable of serving Penalty on of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to such Person orficer'

Persons as will inform and sue for the same, by Action of Debt or of the Case, Bill, Suit or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XIX

198 C II. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718

a£>22&i3car. '

XIX. And whereas an act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second

2. C 26. to have intituled, An Act to prevent the plantirg of Tobacco in England, and regulating the plantation trade, was bi Continuance do < several fubliquent Acts contin ed, and by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King jfii as fiieaft of*4 an the Third, was to have Continuance for the Space of seven Years from the tv enty ninth Day 6 Tonnage and sej timber one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of parlia poundjje. ment, which Act has been by Experience found beneficial to the Trade of this Kingdom and the Domi

11 & x2 W. C nions and Plantations thereto belonging: But some Doubt hath arisen, whether the same hath had Conc

*' 4 tinuahee by the Acts for continuing the Acts of Tonnage and Poundage; 'For obviating which Doubt,

Be it hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aid Act of the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and every Clause therein contained, hath and hall have

12 Car. 2. C 3. Continuance for and during such Time as the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, is continued, and no longer.

Concerning Tobacco see farther 6 Geo. i. C 21.9Ceo, 1. C 21. 12 Geo. 1. c. 2s. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 24 Geo. 2. c. 41. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

XX. And whereas the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South £ Seas and other Parts of America and for encouraging the Fishery did provide and hip on board their an nual Ship, The Royal George, John Davison Commander, for the Spanish West indies, a valuable Cargo of Goods pursuant to the Ajfunto Treaty and the late Convention between their Britannic and Catho lick Majesties; which Ship could not proceed on her intended Voyage by reason of the King of spain's 4 suspending her Departure and not granting the necessary Dispatches: whereas the said Governor and Company (in order to make the said Cargo affortable) were obliged to import and buy several Goods from foreign Parts, the Customs and Duties payable thereon at Importation being paid; which foreign Goods were entered and shipped out at the customhouse on board their said Ship in Time, by which they are entitled to a Drawback, payable out of his Majesty's Customs, on the Exportation of the said Goods; but the said Ship being hindered from proceeding on her intended Voyage as aforesaid, and it being absolutely necessary, for the Preservation of the said Ship and Cargo, that all the Goods now on south-sea Com board should be relanded Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful pany may reland to and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and and put into other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, to reland or cause to be relanded, in the pre fote ign°goods6 fence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the said foreign Goods so hipped as aforesaid; in the Royal and such Goods so relanded are to be put into a proper Warehouse or Warehouses (to be provided by and George, at the Charge of the said Company) and there kept under the King's and the company's Locks, the Company or their Servants or Agents having free Access to the said Warehouse or Warehouses at all rea andonreship sonable Times; and the said Officers are hereby directed to give their Attendance at such Times, when ping entitled to required; and for securing to the said Governor and Company the Benefit of the Drawback on the said 30rawbaik. foreign Goods, notwithstanding their relanding the same, the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs are hereby directed and empowered (on the said Governor and company's reshipping and exporting the said foreign Goods on the same or any other Ship or Ships) to make out a Debenture or Debentures for allowing and paying to the said Governor and Company the same Drawback ttey would have been entitled unto, in case their said Ship, The Ro al George, had proceeded on her said intended Voyage and the said foreign Goods had not been relanded; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Recital f 4_

XXI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his la'.e Majesty

10 & 11w.3. 4 King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of [Fool out of Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragem nt of the jfoollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, tt was enabled, That 110 Person or Persons whatsoever, from and aftxr the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, should directly or indirectly export, transport, hip off, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, shipped oft", carried or conveyed out of or from the said King lorn of Ireland into any foreign Realm, States or Dominions, or into any Parts or Places whatsoever, other than the Parts within the Kingdom of England or the Dominion of jfales^ any the Wool, wool fells, Shorthngs, Mortlings, wool flocks, Wor stead, bay or woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, cloth serges, shall loons, or any o.her Drapery Stuffs or woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Woes or wool flocks, or should directly or indirectly load or cause to be loaden upon any Horse, Cart or other Carriage, or load or lay on hoard or cause to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or Vessel in any Place or Part within or belonging to the said Kingdom of Ireland, any such Wool or other the Matters at presaid, to the Intent or Purpose to export, transport, hip off, carry or convey the same, or cause the same to be exported, transported, shipped off, carried or conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Ireland or

out of any Port or Place belonging to the same, or with Intent or Purpose that any Person or Persons

whatsoever should so export, transport, ill ip off, carry or convey the same out of the said Kingdom of Ireland into any Ports or Places (except as aforesaid) upon pain of forfeiting the said Wool and other Matters aforesaid so exported, transported, shipped oft or carried, conveyed or Joaden contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of that act, and under other the Penalties therein mentioned! And whereas it is further enacted by the said act, That it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize, take, (beure and convey to his Majesty's next Warehouse all such Wool and other the Mat ters aforesaid, as he or they should happen to see, find, know or dif eover to be laid on board in ai y

Ship,

5

199

A.D. 1718 Anno quinto Georgii Regis.

1 r.

seize, take or secure any of the Commodities aforesaid, Should be indemnified for so doing to all Intents and Purpose,; But it is not provided by the said Act, That the said Wool and other the Commodities aforesaid, which should be brought, cartied or laid on shore at or near the Sea or any navigable Iiiver or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported or conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Ireland contrary to the Meaning of that Act, should be forfeited For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the After4 jun? Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord 1719. wt.ni bid one thousand seven hundred and nineteen all such Wool and other the Commodities aforesaid, which shall"n_a(1j(or^nclrtl'e be brought, carried or laid on shore at or near the Sea or any navigable River or Water, to the Intent Purpose to be exported or conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Ireland contrary to the true Meaning ofla 'd into foreign that Act, sit all be forfeited, and the Offender and Offenders therein shall be subject and liable to the Tike Parts, forfeited. Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, as Persons by that Act are subject unto for exporting, transporting (Jrc'l': e urx, v<'! shipping of Wool or other the Commodities aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of thats last; and that such forfeitures, Pains and Penalties shall be recovered and distributed as other the Pains,

Penalties and Forfeitures in that Act are by any Law now in force to be recovered and distributed. 5 <?«. z. C zu

ncvs. z. 21.

15 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25 Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Geo. 2. c. 8 <£? 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

XXII. And whereas an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, 1 Geo. i. ft. 2, An Act to prevent the atifchiefs by manufacturing Lews or other Things to resemble Tobacco, and the Abuses in making and mixing of Snuff; and whereas the Provisions made by the said Act, so far as relates to Snuff', have proved ineffectual by reason of some Doubts which have arisen, whether the Powers granted by the said Act to prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing Leaves or other Things to resemble Tobacco can be extended to such Persons which shall commit Abuses in making and mixing of snuffbe it therefore AH the Chutes enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his'^the 1. present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Rules, Directions, Powers, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be in full Force against any Person or Persons who shall, after the five and twentieth dayter.d to Oaker, of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, make, mix or colour, or shall cause to be made, mix umber or other ed or coloured, any Sort of Snuff with any Sort of Oakers, Umber or any other Kind of Colouring ex colour!n?> fu. ccpt Water tinged with Venetian Red only) or shall mix or cause to be mixed with any Sort of Snuff, pu ^h'snuff1" 1* slick or yellow Fbony, Touchwood or any other Sort of Wood, or any Dirt, Sand or small Tobacco" nu lifted from Tobacco, commonly called or known by the Name of tobacco dust, as if the said recited Act, and ali the Clauses, Rules, Directions, Matters and Things therein contained, had been re enacted in the Body of this present Act against the Offender or Offenders in mating, mixing and colouring of Snuff as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas diverse evil disposed Persons have at the Time, or soon after the roasting of Coffee, made use of Water, Grease, Butter, or suchlike Materials, whereby the same is rendered un wholesome, and greatly increased in Weight, to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, the Health of his Subjects, and to the Loss of all honest and fair Dealers in that Commodity For the Prevention whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day ofroaflers.of'cnf alarch one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at the roastingfe, ewakms Use of any Coffee, or before or at any Time afterwards, make use of Water, Grease, Butter, or any othergreafe^butter mater.al whatsoever, which will increase the Weight, or damnify and prejudice the said Coffee in its to forfeit Goodness, he, she or they shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Sounds for every such Offence; and if any»°l.

Trader or Dealer in Coffee shall knowingly buy or sell any such Coffee, he, she or they shall forfeit thet1je same Pe Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence, one Moiety whereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety na "etraders to him or them who will sue for the same. sieioga. 1.

XXIV. And whereas by reason of the great Duties which are payable on several foreign Goods andr. 10.

Merchandizes, fraudulent Practises and Combinations may be carried on between the Importers and Owners of such Goods, by themselves or their Agents, and the Officers of the Revenue, in pursuance whereof such Goods are seized, and after Condemnation on Payment of the King's Share of the Value at which the same shall be appraited (which Value is very often less than the Duties) such Goods are returned to the Importers and Owners, or their Agents, upon their giving a moderate Gratification to the Officer, according to the Agreement made, whereby his Majesty may be greatly defrauded of his Duties For Prevention whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer ofpenalt? on offi che Revenue hall directly or indirectly make any colluiive Seizure of foreign Goods, to the Intent thut^jlm3kjns cl the same may escape Payment of the Duties, he shall not only forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, farth^provisi but be incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Employment in the Revenue; as also the Im 0, ls relating porter and Owner of the Goods so collusively seized, shall forfeit treble the Value thereof; one Moietyhereto i2geo.i. of which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moietyc Fec to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejitninjhr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein noeffoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That if the Officer or Importer and Owner of the Goods shall discoverofr er such h's Offence to be Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, within twos" 1^ Accom

Months B

2.00 C 12. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

Months after the same shall have been committed, so as his Accomplice or Accomplices in such collusive Seizure be convicted thereof, the Offender so discovering shall be clearly acquitted and discharged of such his Offence.

Reward for any

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, other than the of o d hjfcqvenn5iqeer tjje Revenue making such collusive Seizure, or the importer and Owner of the Goods so seized,

shall within three Months after such Seizure, discover to the Commissioners of the Customs in England ox Scotland respectively, any Person or Persons who shall have been guilty of such Fraud, so as such Person or Persons be convicted thereof, the Person so discovering shall receive to his own Use one Half Part of his Majesty's Share of what shall be recovered on the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases, touching which no special Distribution is provided by this atone Moiety of the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Add mentioned shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for and prosecute the same by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his ma jessy's Courts of Record at Westminster or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, (except where it is in 7 Geo. this Act otherwise directed) wherein no Eifoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

SI. 0

is, £? 31.9 Geo. X C 2l. 11 Geo. 1. c. 7 & 3c. 12 Geo. 1. c. 28. 1 Geo. 2. ft. 2. C 17.9gco. z. C 35. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31. j8 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. C z. 22 Geo. 2. C zi. 30 Geo. 2. c. 18^29. ytoeo. %, C 10.

pi ices in two Months, acquitted.

in three Months.

Distribution of Forfeitures,

_ Tanker provtji otis conccrnirg Customs, 6 Geo. 1. c. 2 j.

S Geo. 1. c. 15, Geo. 2. c. 2s.

CAP. XII.

An Act for making more effectual the several Acts pa ft for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom.

15 EV. 1. ft. 2.*I.TI WHEREAS diverse Acts of Parliament have been made for the better repairing and amending the < 5; 14 u15 Highways within this Kingdom, and for the preventing Carriers and Waggoners from carrying /; s' r 6' 2g^excessive Burdens, which have hitherto proved wholly ineffectual, and the great Roads have from Time & i pf&m. C 4 to Time become more ruinous, (notwithstanding the Expense Travellers are put to at the several Turns.

5 El. C 13. ' pikes) to the great Decay of the Trade and Commerce of this Realm For Remedy whereof, Be it )sel. C 10. enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentith Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred After June 24, and nineteen no Wagon travelling for Hire shall go or be drawn with more than six Horses, either at 1719, no Wag Length, or in Pairs or Sideways; and that from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June no gun travelling Cart travelling for Hire shall go or be drawn with more than three Horses, under the Pains, Penalties and drawn" with e Forfeitures herein after mentioned, (that is to say) That if any travelling W, ggon for Hire shall, from move than six and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, go or be drawn with more chan six Horses, that the Horfos, noi Cart Owner or Driver of such Wagon for Hire shall forfeit and lose all the Horses above six in a Wagon, with more than with all Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to the sole Use and Benefit of any Person or Persons of forfeith^to w ^elze or distrain the same; and if any Cart travelling or carrying for Hire shall, at any Time the seizor^ll from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, go, travel or be drawn with more than three thohorfcs above Horses, that the Owner or Driver of such Cart so travelling for Hire shall forfeit and lose all the Horses that Number, above three, with all Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to sole Use and Benefit of any Person or with all Geers, Persons who shall seize or distrain the same.

Bridles, &c.

Altered 16 Geo. 2. c. 29. 26 Geo. 2. c. 30.

Persons seizing

II. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That whatever Person or Persons shall make foali deliver the any Seizure or Distress for any of the Penalties hereby incurred, such Person or Persons finall deliver the Horses, C to Horse or Horses, or other Things so seized or distrained, into the Custody of the Constable or some other stabltx&c°n" par'ft>-°fficel' f the same, next or adjacent Town or Parish where such such Distress or Seizure is made, (who are hereby required to receive into their Custody and safely to keep the same) till the Person or Persons who made such Distress or Seizure, shall make Proof upon Oath before some Justice of the Peace of the Offence committed; and the said Justice or jufdces, before whom such Proof is made, are hereby ream) make prnofql1ire(j to issue their Precept to such Constable or parish officer, immediately to deliver the Horse or hor befo'c flu ft foe fr ft' °tlier Things so forfeited, to the Party or Parties who seized or distrained the same, to and for their who shan iii ue frfie Use and Benefit, paying such reasonable Charge for keeping and securing such other Things, as the a Precept to said justice or Justices shall allow and dircift. the Constable,

C to tkliverthe Horses, C to the Seizor.

After Sept. 29, 1719. no such "Wagon having the Winds bound >iith

CIII. And whereas one other great Decay of the public Highways or Roads of the Kingdom is great ly occasioned by the very narrow Streaks or Tyre of late used for binding the Wheels of travelling Wag ' gons for Hire, and setting on the same with rose headed Nails For preventing of which, Be it enacted, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, no such travelling Wagon for Hire, having the Wheels hound with Streaks or Tyre of a less Breadth than two Inches and a Half, when worn, or being fetor fastened on with rose headed Nails, shall go or be drawn

2 with

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 13. 201

with more than three Horses, every such Owner or Driver of any such Wagon, being so bound with Tyre of left Tyre or Streaks of a less Brcadih than two Inches and a Half, when worn, or if of a greater Breadth, such rie^dth, when Tyre or Streak shall be fattened on with rose headed Nails, shall forfeit and lofc all such Horses above the torn 1, 13, 1p" Number of three, withal Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to be seized, distrained and appli c( t'tesonn^1, 7l' ed, in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, as the other Forfeitures and Penalties in this al ror=.healed are applied to and disposed of Niili, shall go

with more than three Horses, on Forfeiture as above.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall or do hin f*«rfo'»s hitter. der, or with Force, or otherwise, attempt or endeavour to hinder or obstruct the seizing, distraining, ta s"fju*c king or carrying away of any Seizure or Distress, or Matter or Thing seized or distrained for any the penalties or Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred or forfeited by virtue of this Act, or shall refeue the same, foned for three or shall use any Violence to the Person or Persons concerned in making such Seizure or Distress, each and Months, whh every such Person or Persons shall, upon due Proof made upon Oath, by one or more credible Witness oroutelll> Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence is

done, be committed by such Justice or Justices to the common Gaol for the said County for three Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize; and shall also lose and forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by and forfeit iol. virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice and Justices (who is and are hereby authorised and required to grant the same;,) and in case the said Penalty be not paid within three Days after such Distress made, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining, as aforesaid, to sell the Goods and Chattels so distrained, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, the Charge of such distraining and selling being first deducted.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to such, dlxtcni't"a*

Wagons, Wains, Carts or Carriages, as are or shall be employed in or about Husbandry, or manuring wagons, cof Land, and in the carrying of Cheese, Butter, Hay, Straw, Corn unthreshed. Coals, Chalk, or any employed in one Tree or Piece of Timber, or any one Stone or Block of Marble; Carravans, and the covered Carri huftandry.&e. ages of Noblemen and Gentlemen for their own private Use, or such Timber, Ammunition or Artillery, ee J Ge as shall be for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. z. c.'z.'*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall, at any pj.r( onsfued may

Time or Times hereafter, be prosecuted or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any pkad the general

Matter or Thing which he, she or they shall do, or cause to be done, by virtue or in the Execution oflffue, C

this Act, that in such Case the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Actions, shall and may

plead the general Blue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on any Trial or Trials to be

hereafter had in such Action or Actions; that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Actions shall discontinue such Action or Actions, or become nonsuit, or that Judgement shall be given against him, her or them in such Action or Actions, that then the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Actions shall recover his, her or their full Costs of Suit; any Law, Custom or Usage or anything and&all recover in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ti: eir fu)1 costs

Farther Privisions concerning Highways, 6 Geo. 1. c. 6. 5 Geo. 2. c. 33. (which is made perpetual by 2, 7 Geo. 2. c. 16, J 7 Geo. 2. c. 9. % Geo. 2. c. 23.

9 Geo. 2. c. 18. 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. 15 Gcot 2. C 2. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29, 21 Geo. 2. c. 2s, 24'geo, 2, C 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 30. 2s Geo. 2. c. 17.

30 Geo. 2. C as. 31 ' Geo. 1. c. 34.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Amendment of Writs of Error; and for the farther preventing the arresting

or reversing of Judgments after Verdict.

I. XT WHEREAS great Delay of Justice hath of late Years been occasioneu by defective Writs o 'f Comehtng Emr, x Error, which as the Law now stands are not amendable For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted refer to $iej. 3. by the King's fnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and^1'/' Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That j f

all Writs of Error, wherein there shall be any Variance from the original Record, or other Defect, may 27 El. C and shall be amended and made agreeable to such Record, by the respective Courts where such Writ or' et. C 1. Writs of Error shall be made returnable; and that where any Verdict hath been or shall be given in any 3 Ja: t ' cs Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Demand, in any of his Majesty's Courts of record at Weshnhifler, or in ms any other Court of Record within England or to ales, the Judgement thereupon ball not he staid or reversed,

for any Defect or Fault, either in Form or Substance, in any Bill, Writ original or judicial, or for any amended. Variance in such Writs from the Declaration or other Proceedings. And after Ver

di£l no Judgement shall be stayed or reversed for any Dcfe&, in any Bill, Writ, CII

Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to any Appeal of Felony or Murder, or to any Process upon any fndiftment, Presentment or Information, rc)onv,

"t>f or for any Offence or Misdemeanour whatsoever. z? C i, 2. f.

a. 16 Car. 2, C 2, 16 17 Or, ", r. S, 20 Car, 2. r, 4, IJ S' 11 If, 3, C 14. 4 Am. C. 6.

D d'CAP.

VQL. v1

WM.

C IC.

3 Edi. C 20. 13 rift. I. C I 3. ig H. 7 C 11. 5 £7. C

21. 3 1,

C 13. 7 7*'. i f. i13 Car. z. ft. 1. 0. 10. 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 25.

202 C 14, 15. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue the Commissioners appointed to examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army; and to examine and state the Demands of several Foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War.

EXP.

CAP. XV.

An act for making more effectual an Act of the third and fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer *stealers.

4 I. WHEREAS diverse idle and disorderly Persons who nave been duly convicted for unlawfully Coursing, Hunting, Killing or taking away Deer, upon the Statute made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of dear stealers, have procured Writs of Certiorari to remove such Convictions into superior Courts at Westminster, purely to avoid the Penalties of the said Statute; whereby the Party or Parties convicted are only obliged to give Security to the Person or Persons prosecuting, for the Payment of their Costs and Damages; and there being no Provision made for securing the Forfeitures incurred for the Offence or the Imprisonment of the Offenders, although such Convictions should be confirmed by the said Courts, the said Offenders have Opportunity to conceal their Effects, and withdraw their Persons from Punishment; and the Justice intended by the said at hath been evaded, and loose and wicked Persons greatly encouraged to follow such evil Practises For the Prevention whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem

Pora^> and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no tjjaremove any Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Conviction made, or other Proceedings of, for or concerning any Conviction Matter or Thing in the said Statute, unless the Party or Parties convicted shall, before the Allowance of against the red such Certiorari, and at the same Time that Security is given for the Payment of the Costs and Damages ted a a, unless to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, become all'o bound to the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom v^ivcsecii ^IIC^ Conviction was made, with such sufficient Sureties as such Justice or Justices shall approve of, in the rity to ihc ju' Penalty of sixty Pounds for each Offence, with Condition to prosecute such Writ of Certiorari with Effect, slice to prose and to pay such Justice or Justices the Forfeitures due by such Conviction, to be distributed as the said cute such Writ Statute directs, or to render the Person or Persons convicted to such Justice or Justices within one Month rnef*\&c'next after such Conviction shall be confirmed, or a Procedendo granted; and that in Default thereof, it tunicemsvp'o ^13^ lawful for the said Justice or Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, to proceed to the due Exceed to execute ecution of such Conviction, in such Manner as if no Certiorari had been awarded,

luchconviction.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Confirmation of any Conviction After confirma or Convictions upon the said Statute by any of the said superior Courts, and delivering the Rule to the tion of a convic fat'd Justice or Justices, whereby such Conviction or Convictions hath or have been so confirmed, it shall tion, the may be lawful for, and full Power and Authority is hereby given to such Justice or Justices to pro

if3a Procedendo ceed aga nft the Party or Parties convicted, in the same Manner as if a Procedendo had been granted, had been grant

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall d. be sued or prosecuted for any Matter or Thing, which he or they shall do in pursuance of this Actor of

Persons sued may the said Statute made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, plead the general it shall and may he lawful to and for the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the general Issue, issue, C anj give phe special Matter in Evidence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff wm. shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if upon a Demurrer Judgement shall be given against C '°', the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall have and recover his treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same

treblecoft" V 'as any other Defendant hath in any other Case by Law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons con persons convic vidled, or who shall hereafter be convicted by virtue of the said Statute shall, before he or they shall be hound in^ot t '('charged out of Custody, become bound to such Person or Persons against whom such Offence was or hof good5be cr kali be committed, in the Sum of fifty Pounds, with Condition for his or their future good Behaviour, Jiaviour, and not and that he or they shall not offend in like Manner; and upon his or their Failure or Refusal to enter into to offend in like such Bond, that he or they shall be committed to the county gaol where such Offence was or shall be manner. done, until such Bond shall be given; and that if such Person or Persons shall at any Time afer his or their On Refufrl, to becoming bound, as aforesaid, be convicted for any Matter or Thing in the said Statute, that then the said be committed till Bond shall be deemed to be forfeited, and the Penalty be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, ill any of the such Bond given. Courts at Westminster, which said Penalties shall be distributed in the same manner as the Forfeitures are it convifud af by the said Statute to be distributed, and the Pariy or Parties so convicted shall he likewise liable to the pe bcvoffeiud"&c°na*es "nc forfeitures in the said Statute,

By 5 Geo. 1. cas. such Offenders are to be transeorted.

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regia. C 16 — 18. 203

6 V And whereas diverse Keepers of Forests, Chases and Parks, in Breach of the Trust reposed in Kceptr or oilier them have been in Confederacy with deer stealers, whereby they have been greatly encouraged Be Officer of any it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Keeper or Keepers, or other Officer of any 5.0!: "

Forest, Chase, Purlieu, Paddock, Wood, Park, or Place where Deer are usually kept, shall be convicted'^, cdc "r J; ths upon the said Statute for killing or taking away any red or fallow Deer, or being aiding or assisting the re out tlieownerh in, without the Consent of the Owner or Persons chiefly intruded with the Custody of such Forest, Chase, Confenr, dull Purlieu, Paddock, Wood, Park or Place where such Deer shall he killed or taken away. That then such,

Keeper or Keepers, or other Officer, being so convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for each tydi ° Deer so killed or taken away, to be levied by way of Distress upon his or their Goods and Chattels, to be(!rcr; distributed as the Forfeitures in the said Statute are to be distributed; for want of such Distress, that and for want then he or they shall suffer irr.prisonment for three Years without Bail or Mainprize, and be set in the thereof t i Pillory for two Hours on some market day in the next adjoining Town to the Place where the offenccl^"j°^f^r.^' was committed, by the Chief Officer or Officers of such market to wn, or by his or their under officer or the pyjovy. under officers.

VI. And whereas by the said Statute of the third and fourth Years of King jvuliam and Queen Mary s WM.

such Persons are only to be punished with three Months Imprisonment, who do in the nighttime pull C IO*down or destroy the Pales or Walls of any Park, Forest or other Ground where Deer are kept, which hath been found ineffectual to prevent Mischiefs of that Nature Be it therefore enacted by the Authori Persons com ift ty aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time pull down or destroy, or cause to be pul ei of led down or destroyed, the Pale or Pales or Walls of any Park, Forest, Chase, Purlieu, Paddock, Wood or & a, v pa'jj'

other Ground enclosed, where any red or fallow Deer shall be then kept, without the Consent of the Own &cj fl, aij ie r^b er or the Person chiefly entrusted with the Custody thereof, that such Person or Persons so offending, andjc&to the pe being convicted thereof by Confession or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be najries of 3*4 fore one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County wherein the Offence shall be com C

mitted, shall be subject unto the Forfeitures and Penalties by the said Statute inflicted for the killing of0°re qj"s J' y any one Deer, in the same Manner as if he or they had been thereof convicted according to the said bta

j 'jj - q'Far! her pr9v: J; wf

rclativg hereto, see 5 Geo. 1. c. 28. S Geo. 1. r 19.9 Geo. 1. c. 22. 10 Gcc. 2. C 32. 26 Gu. 2. C 2. 2s Geo. 2. C

CAP. XVI.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every pintpr of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preferring the Harbour, and repairing the town house, and building a School, and other public Buildings there; and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water. [Continued by io Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of

PR.

Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Inverness, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there. [Continued by 11 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. xviii.

An Act for recovering the Credit of the british: Fishery in foreign Parts; and better securing

the Duties on Salt.

1 I.WHEREAS it is found by Experience, that the Allowances given by the several Acts of par con. trnhgsn/r ' y V liament relating to the Duties on Salt upon the Exportation of Fish do much exceed the Duty £> >.4, refer to of Salt used in curing the same, which is so far from being an Encouragement to a fair Trade, that it 5 c'

is rather an Inducement to the Curers and Exporters of Fish to commit several Frauds, by curing the j "' said Fish in io deficient a Manner, that it will but just serve the Examination upon slopping it off, and 3, f 6^44.

not keep good to foreign Markets, to the great Disparagement of the British Fishery, as well as Dimi iotfnr. 3.

nution oi his Majesty's said Duties Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by C z 1 and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T. emporal, and Commons, in.ynis present va b11- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the present Allowances given by the Laws.

relating to the Duties upon Salt upon the Exportation of Fish shall not be paid for any Fish that shall be 5 Am. C 2a. exported from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; but 6 nv. iz. chat the Curers of Fish shall from thenceforth be allowed to import foreign Salt, or take from my Salt r. 23. works or salt pits, any such Quantity of British Salt, where the same is allowed by Law, for the curing'"'a ' of Fish for Exportation, as they foall think proper for curing Fish for foreign Markets, without paying The present al any Duty to his Majesty for the same, except the Customs payable upon the importation thereof, such so lowances given reign Salt being landed, or such British Salt being taken from the said salt pits or saltworks and weighed on Sa, t no in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Salt; and such foreign or British Salt being lodged in a, ot Warehouse under the Lock and Key of the said Officer, as well as the Proprietor of the said Salt: Which afre/il'rur.s foreign or British Salt so lodged as aforesaid shall remain in the Cullocly of the said Officer jointly with the i jq.

C

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

Such Salt to be weighed and warehoused.

By 6 Geo. 1. c. 11. see. si

C urns of fifji ford Proprietor of the said Salt, daring all the several Intervals of the respective fishing Seasons; pm hr Exportation pr; ctor or Proprietors, or his or their Agent or Agents, entering at the next Office for the Duty cn Salt sal ovvririth" respective Quantities of foreign or British Salt so lodged by him or them, from Time to Time, as

Sale without aforesaid; the said Officer keeping an Account of every respective Quantity of the said Salt so en jury, except the tred and lodged in his Custody as aforesaid; that at the Beginning of every of the several fishing Scu cuiloms. fons Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Salt, or his or their Agent or Agents, shall make Oath in Writing before the Officer for the Duty on Salt, at the Office nearest to the Place where the said Salt is lodged, declaring the Quantity of the foreign or British Salt respectively lodged as aforesaid; that ?.1p

the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish for Exportation only, and shall not by his or their Order,

Consent or Connivance, directly or indirectly, be sold, given away or any ways delivered, but for (ha b turned^ur'p°fe aforesaid; which Oath so made as aforesaid, and filed up by the said Officer in his said Office overls stock"in fr the Duty on Salt as aforesaid, the Officer in whose joint Custody with the propiie'.or or Proprietors Hand, chis or their Agent or Agents, the Salt has continued during the Interval of the fishing Season, shall deli at every ft filing ver into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, all the said Season ifropnc Salt for the curing of Fifii taken during the said fishing Season; that at the End of every fhhing Sea oath oflhe fi the Officer for the said Duty on Salt shall take a particular Account of the Quantities of foreign and Quantity, and British Salt respectively remaining in Hand; which remaining Salt shall be immediately locked up in the tint it is for cu joint Custody of the said Officer and Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents as aforesaid j ring Fish for Ex and the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents of the said Salt, using the said Salt as w c°"ufeal aforesaid shall, as soon as possible, after the End of every fishing Season, deliver also an Account in Write, ej and ex ting into the said Office for the Duty on Salt as aforesaid, containing the Quantity of Fish exported or en phined and far tred and shipped to be exported, on which the Salt taken away after its Delivery into the sole Custody of thsr Provisions the faj(] Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, has been used or confirmed, together with Lcti 1 C a Certificate or Certificates by the proper Officers of the several Ports where the said Fish were Thipped for foe. n 4, '9! k, Exportation, verifying the said Account; which Certificates the said Officers, are hereby directed to give & 8 Geo. 1. 'gratis; which said Account, delivered into the said Office as aforesaid, shall be affirmed by the Oath of

C 16. see. r. & the said Proprietor or Proprietors using the said Salt as aforesaid, or his or their Agent or Agents who have n Geo. 1. c. 30. upecj the same, and shall remain in the said Office, to the End that the Quantity of Fish cured for Expor then the salt totat'011 and the Quantity of Salt used in curing the said Fish may, from Time to Time, appear upon Oath,

he delivered to rind be compared together; and in case any of the said Salt shall be delivered over to any other Persons.

Proprietor. and used by them in curing of Fish, the several Quantities of Salt so delivered over shall be expressed in After ft filing the Account; and each Person to whom such Salt shall be so delivered, or his Agent shall likewise up season an Acon Oath make another Account of the particular Quantity of such Salt used by each of them in the curing.

of Fish so exported or shipped for Exportation as aforesaid; said Account, together with proper Certificates as aforesaid, shall likewise be transmitted into the Office aforesaid, there to remain for the Purposes abovementioned: if such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, or any other Person or Persons to whom any Quantity of Salt shall be by them delivered over as aforesaid shall, for the b i ojji ui Space of six Months after the End of every respective fishing Season, neglect or refuse to deliver such ac the quancirjtof count attested upon Oath as aforesaid, such Proprietor or Proprietors, and such other Person or Persons as Fiffi exported on aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit forty Pounds.

which the Salt

was used, C Salt delivered over to any other to be accounted for. Penalty.

count to be taken of the remaining Salt, and to be ware jhoused. Proprietor to give an Account of

II. And to the End that no Fart of the Salt delivered into the sole Custody of the Proprietor orproprie tors thereof, or of his or their Agent or Agents, or say them to any other Persons, for the curing of Fish for Exportation only, during the said several fishing Seasons, may be sold, given away or otherwise delivered or used, directly or indirectly, but for the Purpose aforesaid; to obviate the Frauds which the public Revenue would otherwise be exposed to by the present Relaxation of the former Laws and the Every Buftel of Indulgence intended hereby to the fair Trader Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for Salt taken out every Bushel of Salt so taken out of the Cellars or saltworks, which shall not be accounted for in the of the Cellars, manner abovementioned, by the Oaths of the Persons and proper Certificates, or by Certificate from the ed for" 1 forfeits" juh ces of the Peace at the quarter sessions, that Proof was there made that such Sat was put on board sos.'any Boat or Vessel for curing of Fish at Sea, and was there taken by Enemies or otherwise lost or perished

at Sea, or shall not be returned into or found remaining at the End of every fishing Season in the Cellars or Warehouses as aforesaid, the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, his or their Agent or Agents who took out the same, or the Person or Persons to whom the same or any Part thereof was delivered for curing of Fish as aforesaid, shall respectively, according to each of their respective Quantities with which they stand Such Salt sold, accountable, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and every such Person selling, giving away, riven away, used using or delivering any such Salt, or consenting or being any ways privy to the selling, giving away, using wi^thanfrrcu"or delivering such Salt, directly or indirectly, otherwise than for the Purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit, pay ringvinufo: feitsand undergo the Penalties and Punishments herein after mentioned; that is to say, every Proprietor of aos. the Buftel. such Salt, Sir his Agent, for every Bushel of such Salt so sold, given away, used or delivered, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his picirs and Successors, and the Remainder thereof to such Person that shall inform or sue for the same; and every other Person buying, taking or using any such Salt, otherwise than for the Purposes aforesaid and in the manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Salt so bought, delivered or used, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; one third Part thereof for the Use of

his

1

205

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 18.

his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the Remainder thereof to such Person or Persons that shall inform or sue for the same: Which said Sums or Penalties shall be levied in such manner as other Penalties herein after mentioned are to be levied; or in default of Payment of such Sums within fourteen Days afin Defaulter ter Conviction of such Crime, and where no sufficient Effects can be found to answer the same, the Person (f j

or Persons so offending shall be sent to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard La Vlcj'k ot

hour for any Time not exceeding three Months. Cumaiun.

III. And for preventing the imbezilling of Salt lodged under the Lock and Key of the Officer and Proprietors during the Intervals of the respective ihhing Seasons; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Bushel of such Salt so lodged, which shall either be carri.d away or shall be found wanting Salt wanting at

Iat the re delivering thereof into the sole Custody of the Proprietors, reasonable Allowances for the Waste re fidivcring of such Salt being first made, the sail Proprietor or Proprietors shall forfeit twenty Shillings. _ f«ifeits oi. thaw.

And for preventing any p'rauds, Imbezilments or Misapplication of any foreign Salt after it is im Cuiliel. parted or landed, and before it is cellared and (bored up under the joint Custody of the Proprietor and the Officer for the salt duties for curing of fish for Exportation as aforesaid, and of any British Salt after its being weighed and taken away from the saltworks or salt pits of Great Britain, and before it is iiored and locked up by the Proprietor and the Officer for the salt duties for curing of Fish for Exportation, as before mentioned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who from and billed after" after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen shall take away, imbe j, perrju0"3n^ zil or misapply any foreign Salt after the Importation or Lauding thereof, and before it is cellared and (bored before Cellaring up for the curing of Fish as abovementioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every forfeits 20s. the Bushel of foreign Salt so taken away, imbezilled or misapplied, reckoning such foreign Salt at eighty and Buftrci. amsjlb. four Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and foin proportion for a greater or less Quantity; and any Person to E uinc' or Persons who, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and Salt im nineteen, shall take away, imbezil or misapply any Britisi) Salt after it is weighed at and carried from any, 11 fh Irh^ 1 salt work or salt pit in Great Britain, and before it is brought unto and locked up in any Cellar or Store atto Ja' house by the Proprietor and the Officer for the Salt duties, for the curing of Fish, as directed by this ab, b jflid. every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Bushel of Britisi) Salt so taken away, imbezilled or misapplied, reckoning such British Salt at fifty and iix Pounds Weight to the bushel, and foin proportion for a greater or less Quantity.

V. And whereas considerable Quantities of foreign and British Salt, as also some Quantities of Salt which has already been laid on Fill), and returned unconfuined, designed for the curing of Fish, the Duties whereof are paid or secured to be paid, are in the Hands of several Persons, Dealers in Fish, which

Quantities of Salt ought to be returned under the Lock and Key of the Officers of the Duties on Salt

in England and the Officers of the Customs in Scotland, and the Duties thereof repaid, or the Security

given vacated and discharged Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such foreign T'JW and Britisi) Salt, as also such Quantities of Salt which have already been laid on Fish and returned uncon Q.QQ u "j % rts fumed, remaining in the proper Custody of any Person or Persons, the Duties whereof have been paid or locksndkcy secured in England on or before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and in of the proper Scotland on or before the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, shall be again put0iscers before 1 under the Lock and Key of the salt officers in England and of the customhouse Officers in Scotland re-17 spedbively, on or before the first Day of June one thousa: d seven hundred and nineteen, by delivering to them Keys of all the Cellars wherein such Salt is lodged and cellared, and thereupon weighing the same in the Presence of the said Officers with all convenient Diligence and without Delay; and upon a Debenture And onadrbcn. to be prepared by the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at the Port within the Precindb whereof such tllr<: the Security Salt is lodged or cellared as aforesaid, and verified by the proper Officer as to the Quantity of Salt actual as "ly cellared, the Security given for the Duties of the said Salt shall be vacated and discharged, or the Duties pa: d( C repaid by the said Collector, if in Scotland or by the Officers of the Duties on Salt, if in England, out of the Moneys in their Hands arising from the said Duties, so as it appears by the Salt or customhouse Books, that the Salt was imported or delivered on or before the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighteen in Scotland, or on or before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and (a) (*0 Nineteen 1= eighteen in England; and that the Duties thereof were paid or secured to be paid; and that the Proprietortht ?'cot of the Salt, or his Agent, make Oath, that this is the same Salt that was so imported or delivered; and

in case there is not Money in their Hands sufficient to discharge the said Debentures, then and in that

Case, upon a Certificate thereof to be given gratis, the said Debentures for Salt cellared in England shall be paid by the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt; and the said Debentures for Salt cellared in Scotland shall be paid by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in Scotland, at the Option of the Merchant, in the same manner as Debentures for Fish exported are now by Law made payable.

VI. And for the better Encouragement of the filing trade of Great Britain, Be it enacted by the^llv': inces on

Authority aforesaid, That for all such Fish hereafter mentioned as shall be exported from any Port or vii'h exported.

Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Rates or Conarrhig Fjb Sums of Money hereafter expressed, that is to say, for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, con arjfijhiry. retaining fifty Gallons, seven Shillings; for every hundred of Codfish, Ling or Hake, (except dried codfish, Ar<' 13 ' fjj Ling or Hake, commonly called haberjines) which shall contain in Length fourteen Inches, or upwards, C 1, 1,

from the Bone in the Sin to the third Joint in the Tail of every such Fish, five Shillings; for every & 3.'3i Ed. 3! Barrel of wet Codfish, Ling or Hake, containing thirty-two Gallons, two Shillings; for every hundred; - S' Weight of dried Codfish, Ling or Hake, commonly called Haberdines, three Shillings; for every Barrel E, !- 3 _ of Salmon, containing forty tyro Gallons, four Shillings and sixpence; for every Barrel of white Herrings, J

containing'-

2o6 C

i 8.

Anno

quinto

Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

containing thirty-two Gallons, two Shillings and eight Pence; for every Barrel of full red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, one Shilling and nine Pence; for every Barrel of clean shotten red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, one Shilling; for every Lai! of dried red Sprats, one Shilling; and foin proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity of all and every the said Kinds of Fish, shall be paid by the Officer appointed to collect: the Duties on Salt in the same Port from whence any such Fish shall be exported, within thirty Days after Demand thereof, on a Debenture to be prepared by the Collector of the Customs in the Port where such F ifh shall be entered out for Exportation, and verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Fish actually shipped; that the Oath of the Exporter or Agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port before the Debenture be allowed (who are hereby required and im owered to give the said Oath) That the Fish in such De qdf r' C '( mentioned were British taken, and really exported to or for Parts beyond the Seas, and not re!) z'landed, or intended to be relanded in Great Britain, for which Debenture no See or Reward shall be taken; and in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such debenture.shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then upon Certificate thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis, and without Delay) the principal Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Salt for the Time being, shall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made in Course out of the first Money in their Hands arising out of the said Duties upon Salt; and the said Debentures for C 24 £? 2; .'Fish exported from Scotland, shall be paid by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in Scotland at the

a a'ln. C 15. Option of the Merchant, in the same Manner as Debentures for Fish exported are now by Law made

A Payable; and any Officer neglecting or refusing to pay the said Money, or to give such Certificate as is here

j i? 1 is. directed, shall forfeit double the Sum so to be paid, to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Officers for the said Duties on Salt, upon the Exportation of any Codfish, Ling or Hake, and before the same shall be laid on board for Exportation, to cut off Part of the Tail of every such Codfish, Ling or Hake, to the Intent it may be known that such Codfish, Ling or Hake hath been exported, and Allowances obtained on Exportation thereof, in case the same shall be relanded or re imported; and also that it shall be lawful, upon the Exportation of any Pilchards, Scads, white Herrings; red Herrings, Salmon, or dried red Sprats, and before the same shall be laid on board for Exportation, to mark any Calk, Barrel, or other Vessel, wherein any such lilchards, Scads, white Herrings, red Herrings, Salmon, or dried red Sprats, shall be exported, to the Intent it may be known that such f ilcliards, Scads, white Herrings, red Herrings, Salmon, or dried red Sprats, have been exported; and Allowance obtained on Exportation of the same, in case the same be relanded or re imported; and that in case any Codfish, Ling or Hake, or any Pilchards, Scads, white Herrings, red Herrings, Salmon, or dried red Sprats, shall (after the same shall be exported) be fraudulently relanded in Great Britain, or re imported, all the said Fish so relanded or re imported, shall be forfeited and lost, and double the Valua thereof, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and that no Allowance shall be paid out of the said Duties on Salt for or on account of the Exportation of any Fish that shall not be well cured, or shall be unmerchantable.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officers he said Duties on Salt, at all Times when Fish are curing, bulking or packing, and at all other s, in the Day (or in the Night in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter and come into the Cellars and Warehouses of all Curers of Fish, to view and inspect them, during the Time of their curing Fish; and to gauge the Salt when they shall think it necessary for the Itefifong Officer difiovering of any Frauds; and to mark the Casks wherein the Fish are put up for Exportation, and to see forfeits zol. them exported; and if any Perfoft or Persons hall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in the Performance of their Duties aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Person offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Fiffi lost or fyoi!

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Fish entitled by Law to any ed before the Premium or Allowance upon exporta.ion thereof, shall be loaden for Exportation, and duly entered and 5 to Pa the proper Officer, at any Time after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred baiiowed the aild nineteen, and the said Fish shall be lost or spoiled before the ship's proceeding on her Voyage, as Bounty. 'aforesaid, then the proper Officer of the Port or Ports where the said Fish so lost or spoiled was or fli.dl be entered, shall be obliged, upon due Proof thereof made upon Oath before any of the chief Officers of such Port, who have hereby Power to administer the same, by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said I ifn, or his or their Agents, to make out Debentures for the Premium or Bounty of the said Fish, as if the said I ifh had been actually exported to Parts beyond the Seas; provided the said Fish was sunk in the Sea or Port where the said Ship was lost, or destroyed in the Sight of the proper Officer where any of the said I ifh shall come ashore, and that no Use he made of the said Fish by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agents; and that the said Officer is hereby required to cause such Fish to be burnt, or otherwise depcroyed; anything in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the Ship Severn Galley of Brijhl being in the River of Bristol in or about the Month of February one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the Ship George Galley of London being in ' L ojtafl Road in or about the Month of October one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and the Ship James of Leith being in the Port of Cafton in the lfles of Orkneys in or about the Month of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, the said Ships were, by Stress of Weather, or other Accidents, fe veraliy cast away and lost in or very near the respective Ports where the same were loaden, and at the ' I lines of their being respectively lost, the said Ships were severally loaden with Fish, and other Goads,

for

2 II 6. c. 1 14 II 6. C 6. 22 EJ. 4. r. 2

1 1 II 7. C 23.

H. 8. C 2.

2 & 3 ecl 6. r. 6.

1 EC. 17.

5 El. C 5.

39 El. C 10. 43 El. C 9. L Jac. 1. C 23

28.

15 Car. 2. C 7 & 16.

js Cur. 2. C. 30 Cur. 2. C 9. 52 Car. 2. C 2 10 & 11 3

Ofnccis to cut oft Part or the rj aii or Codfish, C before the Exportation, arri to muik the Barrels wherein Pilchards, ive, arc.

Such Fish re landed, forfeited

No Allowance for uiirrerchant able Fish.

Offic r m y entet into Ware for the hous.*s to view the fjh curing,

C

Proviso for the s<j/ rn Galley, Ge ir^c Galley, cite Ship James of Leith.

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 18. 207

for Exportation into Parts beyond the Seas; which several Ladings of Fish, or Part thereof, were lost and utterly spoiled, and rendered unfit for any Market: And whereas some Doubt hath arisen about the making out the Debentures for the Drawbacks or Bounties for the Fish that was so spoiled, as aforesaid Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officers, at the several Ports where the said several Ships were respectively loaden, do upon due Proof by the Oaths of the respective Proprietors of the said Fish, or their respective Agents, That such Fish was really lost, or have been destroyed in the Presence of one or more of the said Officers, after the same had been loaden and entered out for Exportation, without Intention of being relnnded in Great Britain (which Oath the principal Officer at such Port is hereby empowered to administer) make out Debentures for the Drawbacks and Bounties for the said Fish so lost or destroyed, as aforesaid, in the same Manner as is directed to be done by the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for Fish really exported into Parts beyond the Seas; any at or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any red Herrings or Sprats shall, during the Time of drying or curing, be burnt or confirmed by Fire, by which Means such red Herrings or Sprats shall be rendered unfit for Use, in such Case the Number or Quantity of red Herrings or Sprats so burnt, confirmed, or rendered unfit for Use, shall be computed by the Proprietor of the said Herrings or Sprats, in conjunction with the salt officer of the said Port or Place, according to the belt of their Skill and Judgement; which Computation so made, and added to the Account to be given in of the Quantity of Herrings or Sprats exported or shipped for Exportation, shall be accepted and taken at the salt office in the same Manner as if all the said Herrings had been really exported.

XI. And whereas by an act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, 3 geo C 4 ' intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and to authorise Allowances to be made to certain Receivers; and to obviate a Doubt concerning Goods imported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney; and to ascertain the Duties upon Sbcep skins and lamb skins; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and Orders, lojl and burnt, or defrayed; and fflt pulsirai ship7" nyjp fnr sj/intfltyirr c'.ln'nnc rn cpupr/il t.nitpr ipr srnr] fnr

Red Herrings or Sprats onfum d by Fire, to be taken as if they were really exported.

mentioned, import into any lawful Port of Great Britain, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the said Islands, or any of them, without paying any Customs, Subsidies or Duties for or in respect thereof, except such Excise or other Duties as is now or shall hereafter, for the Time being, be due and payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain: And whereas it is found by Experience, that the Indulgence and Bounty

Diminution of the Trade of the Makers of Salt in Great Britain be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, all Salt imported from any of the said Islands shall be liable to the same Duties upon the Importation thereof as any other foreign Salt whatsoever. Duties as aether

XII. And whereas the Laws and Acts of Parliament in Scotland, reserved in Force by the eighth Ar ' tide of Union, do, among other Things enact, That the herring barrel shall contain eight Gallons two Pints, Scots Measure, which amounts only to nine and twenty Gallons, three Pint's, one Gill and an Half, Englifo wine meafttre; in consequence whereof all the herring barrels made in Scotland since the Union, as well as before, have been made according to the aforesaid Standard, and great Numbers of such Barrels remain now in Hand: And whereas Doubts have arisen in Scotland about the Payment of the present Allowances upon white Herrings exported, unless they are put up and packed in Barrels, containing precisely thirty-two Gallons, Englifo wine measure; and also about the Payment of proportion able Allowances for half barrels, howsoever convenient for Stowage the said half barrels are be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Allowance of ten Shillings five Pence per Barrel of white Herrings shall be paid for all Herrings exported from Scotland in Barrels of the Scots Gauge before mentioned, and proportionally for half barrels; provided the said Herrings have been or shall be exported on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen.

XIII. And forasmuch as great Inconvenience would arise to the Owners of the said herring barrels. ' remaining now in Hand, Should the Use thereof be dilallowed, or no Premium be granted upon Her ' rings therein exported: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Premiums granted by this Acc upon white Herrings shall and may be paid upon Herrings exported in the aforesaid Baucis, in such Proportion as the Gauge of the said Barrels bear to thirty-two Gallons Englifo wine measure, provided the said Barrels be filled with Herrings on or before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty.

XIV. And whereas diverse Merchants have exported several Quantities of Salmon in Barrels or Boxes that were neither agreeable to the Scotch or English Laws, and the Officers of the Customs having gauged the said Barrels or Boxes, have given Debentures for the Allowance or Drawback in proportion to forty two Gallons, English wine measure, wherein no Circurnstances of Fraud do appear: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Debentures shall and may be paid and finished in

finti

After May r, 1719. Salt imported from jer jef, ire. shall He liable so the knu foreign Salt. / alloy.ar.ee for Herrings CX pojted from Scotland in 13 ir rels of Scots Gauge before i mtv X i >.

The Piopoffroii of the s cs ijitcl ro the

Bnallih.

s ilrpor. exposed in iirfi^enbie Barrels.

3

2o8 C i

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

such Manner as they ought to have been, if such Exportation had been made and carried on according to the Rules and Directions of the Law.

thecoptchof

XV. And for preventing the like Mistakes and Irregularities for the future. Be it further enacted by the sataon lsane] Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen the Contents of the Herring and Salmon Barrel shall be the same throughout the whole united Kingdom of Great Britain', that is to say, the herring barrel shall contain thirty-two Gallons, and the salmon barrel forty-two Gallons; and that all Exportation of Salmon or Herrings in Barrels of a different Size or Content, the empty herring barrels nowin Hand excepted, shall be adjudged and taken to be an unlawful Exportation, and shall not entitle the Exporter to any Premium in respect of the same.

Kerrmgs and '

XVI. Provided nevertheless, forasmuch as it may be convenient for the Merchants, for the better exported in Half' Stowage in the Ships in which such Exportation of Herring or Salmon is made, to pack up some Part barrels. ' thereof in half barrels be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to export Herring or Salmon in half barrels, according to the Proportion of the Barrels abovementioned respectively, but in no other Barrels or Calks of any other Size, or Content whatsoever; they shall, by virtue of this Act, be entitled to a proportionable Premium or Drawback for every such half barrel, viz. Half what they would be entitled to in case the Exportation had been made in whole Barrels.

Erine carried '

XVII. And whereas by the said Laws relating to the Duties on Salt it is provided, thatno person nom thepip for C ^gtfqgyg1. make use of any Brine for the pickling or curing of any Fish or Flesh, or for preserving fi{h"so forfeit any Provisions, before the same is boiled into Salt: 'For the better preventing Frauds therein, Be it 40 s. per Gallon, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall carry or convey or cause any Brine to be carried or conveyed from the Pits (other than such Person or Persons who are known Proprietors of Pans for boiling the same into white Salt) shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings for every Gallon of Brine so carried and conveyed, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity,

- fs 3 Ann. c. 14. '

XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better featring and regulating the Duties upon Salt, It is provided. That in case any Ship or Vessel should come into any Port of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, from Ireland or any other foreign Part, having on board any Quantity of Salt, which was taken e in only for the necessary Provisions of the Ship for such Voyage, or for curing of Fish, itshould be lawful for the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel to land the Salt, so as an Entry should be made thereof within ten Days after his first coming into such Port, and the Duties paid down or secured for the same before the same or any Part thereof Should be landed or taken out of any Ship or Vessel; nevertheless, for want of sufficient Penalties to enforce Obedience thereto, several Masters of Vessels, who ftnee the making the said Act have imported such Salt, have refused or neglected to enter and pay the Duties for the Salt by them so imported as aforesaid, within the Time limited by the said Act: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Au

Foreign Salt imported

talier '"shority aforesaid, That in case any Master of any Ship or Vessel, who shall, after the twenty-fourth

vision for the

tomeccffarypio j )ay^June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, import or bring into any Port or flace of

No Owner of

saltworks to

Voyage, or for Great Britain, from Ireland or any other foreign Part, any Quamity of Salt which was taken in only for curing of Fish, the necessary Provisions of the Ship for such Voyage, or for curing of Fish as aforesaid, shall refuse or not emred inten neglect to enter and pay or secure the Duty for the lame, within ten Days after his first coming into any and doubt the' ortor Place, and before the same or any Part thereof shall be landed or taken out of any such Ship Value.^or Vessel, all the Salt so imported shall be forfeited and lost, and the Master or other Person, Commander of the Ship or Vessel wherein any such Salt shall be imported, or the Owner or Importer of such Salt, shall likewise forfeit double the Value thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proprietor or Owner of Saltworks, or who shall have any Interest in, or any Rent, Profit or Benefit reserved upon, issuing out of or peaceint tattersany ways arising by any salt pits, saltworks, store houses or other Places made use of by any Maker, reiatin to Salt Refiner, Importer or Dealer in Salt, shall act as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing relating to duties the Duties on Salt, or any Offence committed against the law's'relating to the same.

Mailer of Ship

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Master and Commander of any Ship or Vessel what carrying Salt soever, that from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen en^int or d to^la^ transport or carry any foreign Salt from Scotland or any of the Islands thereunto belonging into England, Ccaftwife hall or from y one Place or Port to any other port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall, before landing before he or they land or deliver such Salt on shore (by him so transportea or carried) deliver to the Officers gives Particular for collecting the Duties on Salt in the said Port or Place appointed to receive the same, a true Particular' of the Quantity so transported and carried as aforesaid, signed by the Officers for collecting the said Duties on bath"°&c cr on Salt, and by the Officers of the Customs for the Port or Place from whence the said Ship or Vessel*' '; and then the Master or his Mate, or the Boatswain of such Ship or Vessel shall make Oath before

the Commissioners for collecting the said Duties on Salt or their Officers, some or one of them (who are hereby empowered to administer the same without Fee or Reward) that to his Knowledge there hath not been laid on board or taken into the said Ship or Vessel anjr Salt since he or they came from such Port as aforesaid; in case such Ship or veil'd be to deliver one Part of her Salt at one Port and another Part at: another Port or Ports, that then the Officers for collecting the said Duties, and Officers of the Customs

whee such Salt shall be delivered, shall certify on the Backirde of the Cocquet, Transire or other Warrant, or else by Certificate only under the Hands and Seats of the Officers, how much and what Quantity of the Salt mentioned in the Cocquet, Transire or other Warrant, from the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel came, h th been there landed and delivered, upon the Penalty of forfeiting double the Value of the Salt that shall be othsrwife delivered, and ten Shillings per Biifhel.

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis.

C

q o.

209'

in Weight than what is contained in the said Cocquet, that then the Surplusage that flail exceed the (Quantity contained in the said Cocquet, shall be forfeited; the one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person that flail inform or sue for the same;

having been duly taken out, be not shown to such Officer in four Days after the Seizure thereof, That then and in such Case the Salt so seized shall be forfeited.

e XXII. And whereas the Importers of foreign Salt do, after they come into Port, and before they enter tmd land the same, or proceed further on their Voyage to some other Port, frequently run Salt in Boats £ and other small Vessels in the nighttime.; and if the Officers discover the same, the Persons on board

may be lawful to and for the Officers of the Cfustoms, or the Officers of the Duties on Salt, and every of" 'jy "jl t "e them, to go on board any Boat, Lighter or other Vessel lying in any Port or Place or riding upon the Sea iff here be any coasts, and to search the same, and to see if there be any Salt on board, and to seize such Salt, in case the Salt there, C same be found in any other vessel than that wherein such Salt was imported or brought into the said Port or Place, unless the same had been duly entered or the Duties paid or secured; all such Salt shall be forfeited and loll, or the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Mailer or Owner of such Boat or Veiled, who flail likewise be liable to all other Penalties and Forfeitures, as if the same had been landed without Entering or Payment of the Duty; and every Person or Persons who flail obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers Hindiing Office? in going on board any such Boat or Veiled and searching the same, flail for every such Offence forfeit and forfei: s 4oj lose the Sum of forty Pounds.

XXIII. And whereas by an act made in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Recital of the intituled, An Act for the better securing mid regulating the Duties on Salt, reciting, That great Sums of Mo \

: — a C - - Tar rn, 1 sported to An"'* 1+*

lland and

w, ivales

Berwick upon Tweed, Scotland or Ireland, nor any other Salt coming from Ireland, Scotland or the Ifcof Man flail, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, be imported or brought into any Port or Place within England, I Vales or Berwick upon Tweed, nor taken out of any Ship or Vessel, nor

Ship or Vessel in which any such Salt Brail be so imported in, or out of which any such Salt shall be taken or put on shore, together with all her Tackle and Apparel,

shall also be forfeited and lost; and every Person that flail take any such Salt out of any such Ship or Vessel,

6 or carry the same on. shore, or convey the same from the Shore when landed, or be aiding or afift ing the rein, flail forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence or fuller six Months Imprisonment: And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether English Salt, which is not actually exported to Parts beyond the Seas, but only put on board Boats, Barges, Ships or other Vessqls, in order to be exported, be within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, although the Revenue in such afe is liable to as great Frauds: And whereas great Frauds are frequently committed in relanding Filli after the same are exported or shipped to be exported, for want of a sufficient proviftonfor preventing thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Salt or rock salt whatsoever, norn s*l: .01; L any Herrings, Pilchards, Scads, Codfish, Ling, Hake, Salmon, or dried red Sprats whatsoever flial], ^nce^o^n "the after the same be put on board any Boat, Barge, Ship or Vessel whatsoever, in any River, Port or Place tnten oll or p, t in Great Britain, in order to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, from and after the four and twentieth cn ffiore, but in Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, be taken out of such Boat, Barge, Ship or Vessel, the Presence of otherwise than to put such Fifth into the Ships in which the same are to be exported, nor put on shore;

within any of the said Ports or Places, except in the Presence 6f some Officer of the salt duties, under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as in and by the said last recited at is directed and appointed.

XXIV. And whereas the Importers of foreign Salt do frequently run the same on shore without - & C t4

Entry or Payment of Duty; which evil Practice might in a great measure be prevented, if more suitable Penalties were provided for discouraging the same: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any foreign Salt shall be landed or put: on shore before due. Entry be mads thereof too I.' w th the Collector or Officer appointed for the said Dutie; on Salt in the Port or Place where the lame shall be imported, or before the Duty thereon be fully satisfied and paid, or without a Warrant for the landing thereof; every Person who shall land or put the same on Chore, or convey the same from the Shore when landed, or be aiding or assisting the rein, ftnall, over and above the Penalties already given by Law for such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Vol. V £ e

XXV

io C 19. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

On rcihipping of«XXV. And whereas in the Laws relating to the salt duties it is provided, That Salt hipped to be tob' sworn^&c*carne coastwise from one Port to another shall not be landed till the Matter hath produced a certificate 5°&v\v.\ M. ' of the Quantity of Salt put on board at the Port from whence he came, and hath made Oath, that there C 7. fest. 9. 4 hath not been any Salt taken in since; but there is no Provision made to regulate Boats and Barges that

9 & 10 w. 3. ' take in Salt to be carried down any River, in order to be put on board any Ship as aforesaidbeit tiri kf1, 3" therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the reshipping any Salt, British or Foreign, or 1 nt' any roclc salt, from any Boat, Barge, Trow, Lighter or other Veiled into any other Ship or Vessel, and before any dil patches be granted for the Salt so reshipped, the Matter, Mate, Chief Bargeman, or Chief Boatman, that comes along with the Salt that is to be hipped on board another vessel, shall make Oath before the Officer of the salt duties (who is hereby empowered to administer the same) that all the Salt or rock salt that he took in or loaded at the Place of Loading (mentioning the Quantity) is truly reshipped on board the vessel that he shall reship it on, and that there was no Salt or rock salt added to it or taken from it at such Place of Loading, or since he came from it, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, under Penalty. the Penalty of for feiting double the Value of the Salt that shall be otherwise reshipped, and likewise ten Shillings per Bushel.

biftribu ion of

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures given Furieiteres, t>y this Act, or any other Law relating to the Duties upon Salt (except where it is^rtherwife directed by this Act) shall be distributed in Manner following (that is to say) one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his. Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer and Officers who shall seize, sue or inform for the same, to be sued for, recovered and levied, in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any Law of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and all and every Officer and Officers for the said Duties on Salt, are hereby authorised and empowered to seize ail Salt and other Things which by this or any other Act or Law relating to the Duties on Salt are declared to be forfeited.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed, in pursuance of this or any other Statute relating to the Duties upon Salt, or the Powers thereby given, he or they shall or may plead the

Cmnrniae sae General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon Trial a. see farther 8 Geo. Verdict pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuit, discontinue, or i. C 4. & 16. II forbear prosecuting the said Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or Cm. i. C 30. 3 them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have Remedy, as in other Cases, Geo. 2. r. 2o. 5 w)ler(; Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

ireo. 2. f. 0* 7 3

Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14. Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 32. For farther Provisions concerning Prefrvation and Improvement of the Fishery, see 2 Geo. 2.

C 19.9 Geo. 2. c. 33. 22 Geo. 2. c. 49. 23 G: o. 2. C 24 ^26. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 2s Geo. 2. % C 14. 29 Geo. 2. c. 23 39. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 & 30. 33,

Geo. 2. c. 27.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for redeeming the Fund appropriated for Payment of the lottery tickets which were made forth for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, by a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the Capital Stock of the South sea Company; and for raising a Sum of Money to pay off such Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Settlor) of Parliament; and to limit Times, for Prosecutions upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice.

I. Most gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth. 4 XVI Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for continuing Part of the Duties uf>on Coals, Culm aim Cinders, and granting next) Duties upon Houses having. 4 twenty windows or more, to raise the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten. It was enacted, That for and, during the Term of thirty-two Years, which commenced from the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord. 4 one thousand seven hundred and ten, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid to her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coals, Culm and Cinders therein expressed (except Charcoal made of Wood) the several and respective additional or new Impositions, Rates, Duties and Sums of Money, in that Act particularly mentioned; and for and upon every dwelling house inhabited, that then was, or thereafter should be erected or built within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty.

Windows or (note, the several new Duties in that Act expressed: And it was thereby enacted, That yearly and every Year, during the said Term, the full Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds,

4 by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said several and respective Duties, and to be brought into the Re.

ceipt of the Exchequer, in case the same should extend thereunto, should be the whole and entire yearly Fund and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer of or for the said Duties, should not amount to one hundred and thirty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same would extend, should be Part of the yearly Fund for and towards answering or paying the Annuities therein after mentioned; and in case the said Duties should at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or,

low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer.

Tors

Ann. C 4.

Fsrther Provisions made concerning the Matters in this Act, by 6 Geo. 1. c. 4, Sc 10 Si jj. 49.

21 I

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 19.

for or upon account of the same Duties, should not amount to so much as one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, or to so much as should he sufficient to discharge and satisfy all the Annuities by that Act appointed or intended to be paid, within or for the same Year respectively, hat then and so often,

and in every such Case, so much as should be wanting to make up the said Fund for every or any such Year, should be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, out of the first Aid to be grantej in Parliament next after such Deficiency should appear, and should, from Time to Time, be transferred there - unto as soon as the same should be granted: And it was thereby enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, by paying at or before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, to the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds upon that Act,

for which he, she or they, for thirty-two Years, should be entitled to receive a Share or Dividend of the said yearly Fund; and that lottery tickets should be prepared and drawn, and the Shares of the Adven turers in the said bund should be determined and ascertained in the Manner thereby prescribed, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more largely appear: And whereas the Sum of fifteen 8 ' hundred thousand Pounds was contributed upon the said Act, and the Annuities payable out of the said Fund by virtue thereof, do amount as is herein after mentioned (that is to say) to the Sum of thirty-two thousand six hundred twenty-five Pounds per Annum, payable half yearly, to wit, at ladyday and Mi 4 chaelmas, by equal Portions, or within twenty Days after every such feast day, in respect of the fortu nate Tickets; and to the Sum of one hundred and two thousand three hundred seventy three Pounds and twelve Shillings per Annum, payable at Michaelmas yearly, or within twenty Days after the same feast day, in respect of the Tickets which did not prove to be fortunate upon Drawing of the said Lot ' tery, pursuant to the said Act: And whereas other Tickets, commonly called pay tickets, directed by the said Act, have been made forth for Payment of the said respective Annuities at the respective Times before mentioned, and all the said Annuities payable out of the said Fund are satisfied until and for the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen,

and no further; and the Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and five Shillings, is due and in Arrear thereupon, by computing the same Annuities for one Year and a ' Quarter of a Year from the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, until and for the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and eigh teen: And whereas the Capital or joint stock of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, doth now amount to the Sum of ten Millions, and in respect thereof a yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds is payable to the said Governor and Company, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, be fides a yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for or towards the Charges of the said Governor and Com "for Management, subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Powers of Redemption, as are con rained in one Act of Parliament of the third Year of your majesty's Reign, made (amongst other Things) 3 ' for redeeming the yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, being then after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, as by the several Acts of Parliament, whereupon the said Capital or joint stock, and the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and the said Powers of Redemption, are grounded, Relation being the re unto severally had, may more fully appear: And whereas the Corporation of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, is willing (upon such Terms, Conditions and Encourage ments, as are hereafter in and by this Act provided and enacted) to permit all and every or any such Persons as are, or at any Time before the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen shall be the Proprietors of the said lottery annuities, or any of them, for the Residue of the said Term of thirty-two Years (that is to say) for twenty-three Years and three Quarters of a Year,

4 to be reckoned from the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and eighteen 4 (in case such Proprietors, or any of them, do so think fit) to subscribe his, her or their Right, Property and Interest, for and during all such remaining Time or Term of and in every or any such Annuity or Annuities, and of and in all his, her or their said pay tickets for the same, during such residual Time or Term, into a Book or Books to be provided, as hereafter in this Act is directed, at the Rate of eleven Years Purchase and a half; so that he, she or they so subscribing, for every twenty Shillings per Annum so subscribed for the said Time or Term of twenty-three V ears and three Quarters of a 4 Year, shall have and be entitled to eleven Pounds and ten Shillings in the Capital or joint stock of the said Company, when the said Capital or joint stock shall be increased, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, and proportionally for any greater or lesser Annuities which shall be so subscribed;

and the said Corporation is also willing (upon the said Terms, Conditions and Encouragements herein after mentioned) to permit ail and every, or any such Persons as are, or at any Time before the said twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen shall be Proprietors of the said Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and five Shillings, com nuted to be in Arrear, as aforesaid, or arty Part thereof, to subscribe the same into the said Book or Books, so that every such Subscriber, for the Sum so subscribed in Part of the said Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and five Shillings, shall have and be entitled to the like Sum in the said increased Capital Stock of the said Company, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act: And in order to raise Money to be applied towards discharging the Principal

E e 2 4 and

Ana. C 4#

Geo. r. C 9.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis.

of

A.D. 1718.

such National Debts and Encumbrances as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day e thousand seven lumd rcd and six teen, declared to be National Debts, and provided rliament, the said Corporation is also willing to advance and pay the Sum of seven

C 19.

and Interest of December for by Adds

hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or so much thereof as is herein after limited and appointed, at such Times, and by such Proportions at a Time, as are herein after men

oj 1 a

pr.opiietors of lottery tickets 8 Ann. may (if they think ht) subscribe the same into the south-sea Stock.

The Sum of

77^»75°1. to

applied to discharge National Debts incurred before 2, 5 Dec. 1716.

Duties on.coals and Houses S Ann. C 4. made perpetual.

Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aflefnbled, being desirous that the Proprietors of the said lottery annuities, and the said Arrearages thereof (if they or any of them so think fit) may be' permitted voluntarily to subscribe the same into the Stock and increased Stock of the said Company, as aforesaid; and that the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be payable by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, may be applied towards discharging the Principal and Interest r r '

such National Debts and Encumbrances as were incurred

These Duties howto be raised. 8 Ann. C 4.

Concerning t/jefe Deifies see farther zz Geo. 2. c. 37. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. §. 28.

'the Money to be paid into the Exchequer.

All the Moneys

of these Duties, after Christmas 171s, appropriated. sann.

Femity on "Exchequer Officers vnif.ipplj sag.

before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thomand. seven hundred and sixteen, declared to be National Debts, and provided for by Acts of Parliament; and bejiig willing to give suitable Encouragements to the said Corporation in Consideration thereof, do most humbly present to your Majesty the several Impositions, Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do humibly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such several and respective Impositions, Rates and Duties, for and upon ali Coals, Culm and Cinders, and for and upon every dwelling house inhabited, that now is or hereafter shall be erected or built within the Kingdom, of Great Britain, having twenty Windows or more, as were granted, imposed, continued or directed by the said Act of the eighth Year of her said Majesty's Reign for t'ne Term or Terms of Years therein mentioned (except as therein is excepted shall continue, and be. paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and succdtors for ever, for trie Purposes in this Act prescribed and directed; and shall be raised, levied, collectecl and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and succdtors, in the same Manner, and Method and So; m, and at such Places, and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as are mentioned, expressed or referred unto, in or by the said recited Act of the eighth Year of her said late majesty's Reign; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disab hides, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, contained in the said Act of the eighth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, or thereby referred unto, now being in Force for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the said several Impositions, Rates, Duties and Sums of Money, as well upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, as upon Houses having twenty Windows, or more, during the Term or Terms aforesaid (except as is before excepted) shall be revived, and be for ever continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying and accounting for the said several Impositions, Rates and Duties, by this Act intended to be continued and made perpetual, for the Purposes in and by this Act prescribed and directed, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly and at large set down and re enacted in this Act; the said Act of the eighth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; nevertheless the said several Impositions, Rates, Duties and Sums of Money by this Act intended to be continued and made perpetual, as aforesaid, shall be subject to such Provisoes and Powers of Redemption, as are hereafter in and by this Act contained and prescribed of and concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ali the Moneys arising of or for the said Impositions, Rates and Duties hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, subject to such Redemption, as aforesaid, (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying and accounting for the same) shall, from Time to Time, be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Uses and Purposes in this Act prescribed; and shall, from Time to Time, be fairly and distinctly entered and registered in one or more Book or Books to te kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells, severally, for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, shall have free Access without Fee or Charge.

III. And it is hereby also enacted, That all the Moneys, which from and after the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and eighteen shall be brought into the Exchequer, or shall be then remaining the re, of or for the said several Impositions, Rates and Duties, by this and the said former Act of the eighth yyar of her late majesty's Reign, or either of them, granted or continued, as aforesaid, (except the necessary Charges of issuing and applying the said Moneys to the Uses and Purposes by this Act intended and directed, and rendering the Accounts thereof, and after paying or reserving in the Exchequer, Moneys furficient to pay all Arrears of the said pay tickets due, at and for or before the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and seventeen) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to and for the Satisfaction of such several and respective Payments as are by this Act directed, in their due Order, Method and Form, and with such Preferences, and subject to such redemptions, as are in and by this Act prescribed of and concerning the same respectively, and without, any Fes or Charge whatsoever to be demanded of, or paid by the respective Persons or Corporations who are to receive the said Moneys; and that the respective Officers of the Exchequer, who shall make any Delay in bluing or paying of the same, or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any of the said Moneys,

contrary

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 19, 213

contrary to this at, for any such Offence shall be forjudged from their respective Offices or Places, and he rend red incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Employment of Trust or Profit whad oever, and shall also be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums of Money so delayed, diverted or misapplied, to the Party grieved; to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his majeslry's Courts of Record at jvejhmnjicr, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

"Treasury to appoint Managers for the Subscriptions, fs'e. Managers to prepare Books for Subscriptions. a Subscribers to have free Access to those Books."

EXP.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons or Corporations, being Proprietors Proprietors of of all or any the said lottery annuities, for the said Term of twenty-three Years and three Quarters of a ub

Year, who are or shall be willing or desirous to accept (in lieu thereof) a Share or Shares, to be computed fcrcb', tb, ^y u after the Rate of eleven Years Purchase and an half, of and in the capital Stock of the said Company, when under a proper it shall be increased, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that such Persons or "> me Corporations being Proprietors of all or any Part of the said Arrears computed for the Year and a Quarter, Gook -- ending at the said Feail of the Birth of our Lord chrile one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, amounting to the Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and five Shillings, as aforesaid, be the same more or less, who are or shall be willing and desirous to accept (in lieu thereof) a Share or Shares (equal to the Amount of such his, her or their Arrear) of and in the said increased Stock 'y bu^na'i of the said Company, shall or rnay by themselves respectively, or by such Person or Persons as they respectNg* tively shall think fit to employ or intrust: in this Behalf, subscribe such Annuity for the said Term of twenty 5d. was <ub' three Years and three Quarters, and such Arrears incurred or to be computed until and for the said Feastkrifced in p a Unci f the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, or any Part thereof, under aance0 A > proper Preface or Prefaces, in the Book or Books to be opened for that Purpose, as aforesaid, by subscribingjp^j' their Names and Places of Abode, with other proper Additions, within the Time before mentioned. mice of t Cr.,

.. 1. C 4*

"Executors, lac. may make Subscriptions for Testators, &c. Subscribers to endorse their Names on the "Backside of the pay tickets. pay tickets so endorsed, to be delivered up, and Receipts to be given for "them. Bearers of the pay tickets, J5V. to be deemed the lawful Owners. Managers by 31 Dec. 1719, to "give Duplicates of the Subscriptions to the Auditor of the Receipt, and the Books with Subscriptions to "the Directors of the south-sea Company. pay tickets endorsed, with a Duplicate of the Books, to be "delivered to the Auditor. Treasury to transmit attested Lists of Annuities, Jiff, not subscribed, to the "company's Cashier, by 25 March 1720."

EXP.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Natives Syb; cnb*v5 en or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by or for whom such Subscriptions shall be made as a 1 o re fa i d, j( J f g 0 u0 8 and for which the pay tickets shall be delivered up as aforesaid, his, her and their Executors, Administra gpa increalii tors, Successors and Assigns respectively shall have and enjoy, and he entitled to have and enjoy, of and in Stock, the said increased Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, such respective Shares as are herein after mentioned, that is to lay. For the said Term of twenty-three Years and three Quarters of a Year, so subscribed, of and in every or any such Annuity, a Share to be computed after the Rate of eleven Years and an Hall, amounting to eleven Pounds ten Shillings for every twenty Shillings per Annum, and proportionally for such greater or lesser Annuities; and for every Sum of Money so subscribed, as Part of the said Sum, computed to amount to one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and five Shillings, in Arrear as aforesaid, a Share equal to the Amount of the Sum so subscribed; and in respect of such Shires shall be deemed and taken to be Members of the said Corporation of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and be incorporated into the same; and shall, in proportion to the same Shares respectively, have and be entitled to the like Powers and Benefits, Privileges and Advantages, as other Members of the said Corporation do or ought to enjoy in respect: of their Shares in the said Stock, (except as herein after is excepted).

XII. And to the end Money may be raised to be applied towards discharging the Principal and Interest potnp3n>' pay

of such National Debts and Encumbrances as are before mentioned: ' Be it further enacted by the autho th.<'j1ixc'q rity aforesaid, That the said Corporation shall advance and pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the^d^hlrging Purpose last mentioned, the full Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty National Debts. Pounds, or so much thereof as shall remain after such Deductions, Defalcations and Abatements as are 6 Geo. 1. c. 10. hereafter in and by this Act allowed to be made out of or from the same; such Payment to be made by such Proportions and at such Times as are herein after appointed for Payment thereof; (that is to say) one full and ecjual Moiety or half part thereof on or before the thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred Times ofpay and nineteen, one full and equal Quarter or fourth Part of the whole Sum on or before the one and thirtieth mint'

Day of October one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and the remaining full and equal Quarter or fourth Part of the said whole Sum so to be paid by the said Corporation, and in full Payment thereof, on or before the one and thirtieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and nineteen.

i4 C 19.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

If all the Annuities, C be not subscribed by 20 June 1719, Company to advance proportionally to the Annuities subscribed.

Annuities not subscribed to be paid out of the Produce of the Duties.

Out of the first Money to be paid tnto the Exchequer 375, 001. cr a proportional Part, to be deducted for the Use of the Company.

How Deficiencies shall be made good.

3 Geo. 1. c. 9.

3 Geo. 1. c. 7. q Ann. C 6. 23. jo 'Ann. C 19. ab.

3 Geo 1. C 9.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the said lottery annuities for the said Term of twenty-three Years and three Quarters of a Year and all the said Arrearages, computed to amount to one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and live Shillings as aforesaid, shall not, on or before the said twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, be subscribed as aforesaid, to be converted into Stock at the respective Rates aforesaid, pursuant to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, then the said Corporation shall be obliged, by virtue of this Act, to advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer so much of the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, for the Purpose last menti oned, as Rial] bear proportion to the lottery annuities and Arrearages so to be subscribed at the respective Rates aforesaid, and no more; (that is to say) as the Sum of one Million seven hundred twenty-one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, being the computed Value of all the said lottery annuities and Arrearages, is to the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, so the Value of the said lottery annuities and Arrearages which shall be actually subscribed, being computed at the Rates aforesaid, shall be to the Sum which the said Corporation shall advance, for and towards paying off the said Debts and Encumbrances; and that such of the said lottery annuities and Arrearages, as shall not be subscribed to be converted into Stock as aforesaid on or before the said twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, shall be paid and payable out of the Produce of the said Duties, at such Times and in such Manner and Course of Payment, as the same ought to have been paid, if this Act had not been made.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the first Moneys of the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or of or for the said proportional Part thereof, which shall be payable by the said Company into the Exchequer, pursuant to this Act, for paying off Debts and Encumbrances as aforesaid, the full Sum of thirty seven thousand five hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as shall bear proportion to the Value of the lottery annuities and Arrearages which shall be actually subscribed as aforesaid, at the Rates before mentioned, shall and may be deducted, defalked and recouped to and for the sole Use and Benefit of the said Corporation, and for the foie Benefit and Advantage of all the Members thereof (as well the present Members as those to be incorporated into the same Company by virtue of this Act.)

XV. And whereas by the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign for redeeming the then Fund of the said Corporation, it is enacted, That if at any Time or Times the Produce of the Duties and Revenues therein mentioned should be so low or deficient, as that the Money arising thereby at the Exchequer should not extend or be sufficient, according to that Act, to pay and discharge or to complete the Payment at the End of any Quarter of a Year, of all the Money which should be then due, as well for or upon the abovementioned yearly Fund of rive hundred thousand Pounds and the above mentioned yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, then and so often and in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Quarter should and might be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys of the said Duties and Revenues arising in any subsequent Quarter; and in default thereof by the Space of Half a Year, then all and every such Deficiency and Deficiencies should be supplied and made good from Time to Time by or out of the general yearly Fund by another AH of that Session of Parliament established or intended to be established for redeeming the Duties and Revenues then charged or chargeable in and by several Lot ' tery acts of the ninth and tenth Years of her said late majesty's Reign, and certain annual Payments out of the hereditary Excise in the said Act of that Session mentioned, or out of Money to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities after a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per jfnnunt, for every such Deficiency; which Annuity or Annuities should, by virtue of the said Act, be charged on the said general yearly Fund, and be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, as other Annuities payable out of the said general yearly Fund were intended by the said other Act of the said section to be payable and transferrable until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, as by the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign for redeeming the then Fund of the said Corporation may more fully appear Now it is hereby further provided, declared and enacted, That out of the first Payment of the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or of or for the said proportional Part thereof, to be paid by way of Advance into the Exchequer as aforesaid, so much as at the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen shall be deficient to make good the Sums then incurred and grown due for or upon the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, and for or upon the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds mentioned in the said former Act, and for and upon the additional or increased yearly Fund and yearly Sum by this Act intended to be paid to the said Company, or such Part of the same Deficiencies as snail bear Proportion to the Value of the lottery annuities and Arrearages which shall be actually subscribed as aforesaid, at the Rates before mentioned, pursuant to this Act, shall and may be deducted, defalked and recouped for or towards satisfying and mating good the said Deficiencies of the said yearly Funds and yearly Sums so growing due at or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and that out of each subsequent Payment of the said Sum of fevi n hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or of or for the said proportional Part thereof, to be paid by way of Advance into the Exchequer as aforesaid, so much as at and for the quarter day next preceding the respective X imes hereby limited, for making those subsequent Payments respectively, shall be deficient to make good the Sums then incurred and grown due for or upon the said yearly Funds and yearly Sums by this and the said former Act payable to the said Corporation, such Part of the same Deficiencies as fnali bear proportion to the Value of the

Lottery

215

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C ig.

lottery annuities and Arrearages which shall be actually subscribed as aforesaid, at the Rates before mentioned, pursuant to this Act, shall and may be deductecf, defalked and recouptd for or towards satisfying and making good the said Deficiencies of the said yearly Funds and yearly Sums so growing due at or upon the quarter day next preceding the respective Times by this Act prescribed for making each subsequent Payment by the said Corporation as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Corporation of thccoropanyjna smth sei Company shall make Failure in Payment of the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thou j^ns f8, lu, "of (and seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or of the said proportional Part thereof, at the Days and Times here m e by limited for the t ayment of the same, baring such Deductions, Dcfalkations and Abatements as by this Act are prescribed, then the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall aid may be recovered in his Majesty's Name for the Purpose before mentioned, by Action of Debt or upon the Case,

Bill, Suit or Information in any his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no f.ftoin,

Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance; in which Action,

Bill, Suit or Information it shall be lawful to declare. That the Governor and Company of Merchants of (Jreat Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, are indebted to the King's Majesty the Money of which they shall have made default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; in or upon such.

Action, Bill, Suit or Information there shall he further recovered for the Purpose aforesaid, against the Defendants, Damage after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act; and the said Corporation and their Stock and Funds shall be and are hereby made lub jedt and liable thereunto.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Value computed at the said the Annuities.

Rate of eleven Years and a half's Purchase, for the said 'Perm of twenty-three Years and three Quarters subscribed, of a Year, of and in the said lottery annuities, or so many of them as shall be actually subscribed, pur W

suant to this Action or before the said twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, stock.

and the said Arrearages for one Year and a Quarter, computed to amount to one hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and five Shillings as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be actually subscribed pursuant to this Act, at any Time or 'l'imes on or before the said twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and also the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be actually advanced within the respective Times before limited in that Behalf by the said Corporation (including therein the Deductions by this Act allowed to be made out of the same for the respective Causes and Purposes aforesaid) shall be and be deemed an additional Stock of the said Corporation, and shall be united to the present capital Stock of " ten Millions now belonging to the said Corporation: And the said present and increased Stock so united,

shall be and be called the capital Stock of the said Corporation; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, Treasury to comer any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or mere of the commission putct, hcaddlt1' ers of the Treasury for the Time being shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to catife the00'1 Southwest: k'

Sum Total of the said additional Stock to be computed and adjusted, as soon as it can conveniently be known and adjusted, and to declare and determine the same by an Instrument in Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, which shall be entered in the proper Book or Books of the said Corporation; and that every Member of the said Corporation (as well those to be incorporated into the same, by virtue of every Memfcer this Act, as all other Members thereof) shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou to havecredit !n sand seven hundred and eighteen, have Credit in the Books of the said Corporation, for his, her or their shar^fn^he Proportion or Share of and in the whole capital or joint Stock of the said Corporation so increased, and incrc2fed Stock, of and in all the Dividends, Profits and Advantages whatsoever to attend the same, except as herein after is from 15 Dec. otherwise provided. 1718.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of The Company to Merchants ot Great Britain, and their Successors, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue have 5, 1- Pe

of this Act to have, receive and enjoy for the said additional Stock, to be computed, adjusted and deter created Stock mined, as aforesaid, an Annuity or yearly Fund, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which shall be and is hereby declared and enacted to be united to and consolidated with their said present Annuity or Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said yearly Funds so united shall be and be called the increased yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Annuity, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per The said Annui ahnum, for the said additional Stock, shall commence and be reckoned to commence from the Feall of thety of jl. per Birth of our Lord Chrill one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and have Relation from that Time in Cent com point of Payment, when the same shall be adjusted, as aforesaid, and that so much thereof as shall be pay chr^m^, s able to the said Governor and Company for the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven an/be'paid qva's hundred and fifty Pounds, or the proportional Part of the same, which shall be actually advanced by themterly. (including therein the Deductions by this Act allowed to be made thereout, as aforesaid) shall be payable,

and be accounted to grow due to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, and be paid to them or their Cashier for their Use, at and for the four moult usual Feasts in the Year, that is to say. The Feasts of the Annunciation of the bleited Virgin Mary, the Nativity of St. John Baptist, St. Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, by even and equal Portions, or within twenty Days after every of the said feast days until the Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Provisoes and Powers of Redemption herein after contained; the first of the said quarterly Payments to become due

5 and:

2.oooo 1. per /. n num, or a pro poitton>lp<*rt, let Manage ivient,

216 C rg. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

First Payment at and payable at lady clay one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and that so much of the said additional lady d.1y17.1g. Annuity or yearly Fund, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as shall he payable to the said Company in respect of the said lottery annuities and Arrearages thereof which shall be actually subscribed, as aforesaid, shall be accounted due' to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, and shall be paid and payable to them, or to their Cashier for the Time being, for their Use, at such Times, and by such Proportions at a Time, and in such Manner and Form, as the pay tickets for the lottery annuities and Arrearages so subscribed, were payable, or ought to have been satisfied out of the abovementioned Fund of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, if the Payment thereof had continued upon the Foot of the said former Act; and that the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this alto have, receive and enjoy, for or towards the Charge of Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation, an additional yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds, or an additional yearly Sum, bearing the same Proportion to two thousand Pounds per Annum, as the said additional Stock of the said Corporation, when, it shall be adjuiled and determined pursuant to this al, shall bear to two Millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, without being ilbie to render an Account of the said Charges, or any of them, which yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds, or such ffer proportional Sum so to be paid by virtue of this Act, shall be and is hereby declared and enabled to be united to, and joined with the said present yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds allowed to the said Corporation for such Charges.

The 'oeol. for

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said additional Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum, or Manjgeinent to such Idler proportional Sum for Charges of Management, shall commence and be reckoned to commence commence from from the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and shall ciuiftmas 1713.]lave Relation from that Time in point of Payment, when the same shall be adjusted, as aforesaid, and shall be payable and accounted due to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, and be paid to them or their Cashier for the Time being, for their Use, at the four moll usual Feasts in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portions, or within twenty Days after every of the said feast days, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Provisoes and Powers of Redemption herein after mentioned.

The additional

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, That as well the said additional Annuity or yearly Fund, after the Rate Annuity, & C to of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed upon the said additional Stock, to be adjusted and bechaigcdontliedgtcmiined, as aforesaid, as also the said additional yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds, or such lesser. .^ — cum? to ir)c allowed to the said Corporation for Charges of Management, as aforesaid, shall be, and the same by Force and Virtue of this alare charged and chargeable upon, and made payable put of the Moneys from Time to Time arising at the Receipt of the Exchequer of or for the said Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cynders, and of and for the said Duties onfloufes, at such Times, and in such Course, Method and Form, as are before in this Act prescribed in that Behalf.

XXII. Provided always, That so much of the abovementioned Fund of one hundred thirty-five thou scribed lottery land Pounds per Annum, as by virtue of the act first above recited, was and is applicable to the Payment of Anmtitirs shall such of the said lottery annuities and Arrearages thereof, as shall not be ailually subscribed to be conver bcp.ud. 8 Ann. te(j into the Stock of the said Company, on or before the said twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen (the same unsubscribed lottery annuities being computed in proportion to the Amount of all the Annuities now payable out of and charged upon the said yearly Fund of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds) shall continue to be issued and applied to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of such unsubscribed lottery annuities for the Residue of the said Term of thirty-two Years, and the Arrearages thereof, and the pay tickets for the same, as fully and effectually, and in as ample Manner and Form, as such Part of the said yearly Fund of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds ought to have been issued and applied thereunto, if this present at had not been made; this present Act or anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now

being, and the high treasurer, and Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for the Tune being, are hereby authorised and strictly required to issue their Warrants and Orders, front Time to Time for Payment as well of the Moneys which shall become due and payable to the said Corporation, as of the Moneys which ought to be issued and applied for discharging such un subscribed Tickets (if any such shall be) accordingly.

How thfi Detici

XXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or encyof any Times after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, the Produce of Qoarer shall bea]] the Duties and Revenues by the said at of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, for redeeming the T tn yearfy^t^le Corporation, and the Proportion of the jjuties and Revenues by the said,

c9. yt£>; of the eighth Year of her said late majesty's p eign, granted and continued, and by the said Acts, and this Act, or any of them, appropriated or intended for Payrpent of the whole united yearly Fund and yearly Sums intended by this and the said left mentioned Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, to be paid to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, shall be so low or deficient in the Payment thereof into the Exchequer, as that the same shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge, or to contpleat the Payment at the End of any Quarter of a Year, of all the Moneys which shall be then due and payable to the said thousand Hounds, and th

Duties on Coals i; id Kcuftis.

How the nnfub

£ Ann. C

Fund of the said

Stock, as aforesaid, and for and upon the increased yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds, or a proportional Part thereof, as aforesaid to be paid for Charges of Management, shall not extend or be sufficient for

those Purposes, then and so often, and in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Quarter shall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys of the said Duties and Revenues, every or any of them, arising in any subsequent Quarter; and in default thereof by the Space of a Half Year, then all and every such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, by or out of the said general yearly Fund by the said other Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, established or intended to be established, as aforesaid, or out of Money to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities after a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for every such Deficiency; which Annuity or Annuities shall, by virtue of this Act, be charged on the said general yearly j Fund, and be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, as other Annuities payable out of the said yearly Fund are intended by the said other Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign to be 3 Gc0'/

payable and transferable, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament; and if at any Time or Times any such Deficiency shall be paid to the said Corporation by such Annuity or Annuities charged on the said general yearly Fund, the Discount of such Annuity or Annuities which shall be necessary for converting the same into ready Money (if any such Discount shall happen) shall, by order of the comniif jioners of the Treasury, or three or more of them, or high treasurer for the Time being, be satisfied to the said Corporation out of the same general yearly Fund, or out of Money to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing a like Annuity or Annuities at the same Rate, to be charged on the same general yearly Fund, and to be payable and transferable, as aforesaid, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament:

And for the better and more regular Payment of all Moneys intended by the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, for Redemption of the then yearly Fund of the said Corporation, to be paid to the same, subject nevertheless to such Redemption, as aforesaid, the Commissioniers of the Treasury, or the high treasurer for the Time being, are hereby empowered and required to sign and iitue out such Order and Orders for Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as by this or the said last mentioned Act are or shall become due and payable to the said Corporation, and also for raising out of and upon the said j general yearly Fund established by the said recited Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, so much as shall be requisite and necessary to pay to the said Corporation all such Deficiency and Deficiencies as are in and by this Act directed to be paid to them; and after signing such Order or Orders the same shall be firm, good, valid and ef+eftual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Death and Removal of any Commissioner or commissioner of the Treasury, or high treasurer, or under treasurer for the Time being, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office and Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Commissioner of the Treasury, or high treasurer for the Time being, have any Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Order or Orders so signed, as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Pro How the defici duce of the said Duties on Coals, Culm and Cynders, and of the said Duties on Houses, shall be so lowe(lc), of ay

deficient as that at the End of any Year (reckoning the same to end at Michaelmas yearly) the Pro) ear.^a "e portion of the said yearly Fund of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, applicable by this Act for upp1' '

or towards the discharging of the said unsubscribed pay tickets then payable, shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, then every such deficiency shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, out of the first Aid to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiency shall appear, and shall, from Time to Time, be transferred thereunto, as soon as the same shall be granted, according to the Purport and true Meaning of the said former Act in that Behalf.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Re all annual sur mainder of the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Ccals, Culrn and Cynders, and the said Duties onpi jfas to be re

at the End of any one Year, reckoning the same to end at Michaelmas yearly) after all the said [jtvu1 p

and other Sums directed or authorised by this Act, and then or before that Time incurred ani be lic^0 the come due or in Arrear, shall be fully satisfied, paid and discharged or Money sufficient shall be reserved for

that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Use of the Public!:, and shall not be issued or disposed hut by Authority of Parliament.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Share and Interest of every The shw? te Member of the said Corpora ion, of and in the present capital Stock of the same, and of and in the in be pe: fol creaie of such Capital, to be had and made in pursuance of this Act, and of and in the said Annuity and hus. Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable or to be paid for the same to the said Corporation, and of and in the said eight thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds per Annum, or a proportionable Part of the said two thousand Pounds per Annum, by this Act payable for Management, shall be and be adjudged to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or administrators of the respective Persons dying possessed thereof or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Persons; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: that the respective Members shares trnnsf r of the said Company, who shall have a Share or Interest in the present capital Stock, or inercafed Stock Able and As' thereof, as well for and in respect of the said lottery annuities and Arrears thereof, which shall be fub vifable. feribed as aforesaid, as for or in respect of the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or such proportional Part thereof as shall be actually paid by the said Corporation into his Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, (including therein such dedui&ons, Abatements and Recoupments as are allowed or permitted to be made by the said Corporation as aforesaid) shall and may r.f sign and transfer such Share or Interest, or any Part thereof, in the Books of the said Company, in Yuch r the like Method, Manner and Form as are prescribed by the Act or Acts of Parliament and Charter

218

C 19.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

to be tax free. Gec, i. C 9

now in Force, for Alignments or Transfers of original Stock to be made in the Books of the said Company; or shall or may dispose or devise the same or any Part thereof by Will, in such Manner and Form as any Share in the original Stock of the said Company is deviseable.

These Annuities

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that as well the several annual and other Sums payable at the Exchequer to the said Governor and Company and their Successors, by virtue of this and the said former Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign for redeeming the then Fund of the said Governor and Company, and either of them, and the Shares, Parts or Interests of the several Members of and in the same, and of and in the said present capital Stock and increased capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, and of and in the Benefit of Trade annexed thereunto, and the Stock in Trade or Money to be raised for that Purpose, during the Continuance of the same, fnnll be and are hereby exempted from ail Taxes, Rates and Impositions whatsoever, by Act of Parliament or otherwise; Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding: that no Person, in respect of his being Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, Director, Manager or a Member of the said Company, or for having any Stock or Share therein, or by reason of his being named or adding as a Manager or di redtoror otherwise for taking the said Subscriptions, or for any other Matter or Thing to be by him done or performed by or in pursuance of this Act only, shall be now or at any Time hereafter disabled from being or continuing, or from being elected or serving as a Member of Parliament, nor be liable or subject to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability prescribed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament for not qualifying himself to execute his Trull upon or in pursuance of this Act, as Persons who shall take or execute any Office or Place of Profit or Trull are subject and liable unto by any the Laws now in Force; and that all and every or any such Person or Persons may be Subscribers to the said increased Stock; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: shall be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the

Intent or Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; and that no Stock in the said Company shall be subject and liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of the City of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

xxviii And it is hereby enacted, That all the Transfers or Alignments of the present capital Stock or increased Stock, in the Books of the said Company, shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater Stamp or other Duties, than are now payable for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds or Obligations under the common Seal of the said Company shall charge as well the annual Fund and additional f und payable to the said Company by virtue of this Act, as the present Stock and additional Stock and other effects and Estates of the said Company for the Time being; and that all such Bonds and Obligations shall be assignable, and the Moneys thereupon shall be recoverable as effectually and in as ample Manner and Form, as any their Bonds taken upen the said former Act might be assigned, or the Money due thereupon might be recovered.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contracts, Bills, Bonds, obligatr chargeable wnh ons or Securities under the common Seal of the said Corporation shall not be chargeable with any the duties tamp' U" f'es upon stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any former Law, Statute, Prohibition, Restriction or

other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Company to

XXXI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and continue a Body Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors for ever, shall remain, continue and be Politic, one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America and for encouraging the Fishery, and shall have, hold, receive and enjoy the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds and the said additional yearly Fund, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be added thereunto (by way of Increase) as aforesaid; and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds and the yearly Annuity of two thousand Pounds, or such proportional Part thereof as aforesaid, to be added thereunto (by way of Increase for Management) pursuant to this Act, until the said yearly Funds and yearly Sums shall respective and to enjoy all ]y be redeemed according to this al; shall have, hold and enjoy all their Forts, Factories, acquisiti then' Privileges, onsj lan(]sj Tenements, Hereditaments, foie Benefit of Trade in and to the South seas and elsewhere, with a perpetual Succession, and all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the said Governor and Company are or before the making of this al were entitled by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Grant or Charter now in Force, (all which are by this Act ratified, confirmed and made effectual to them and their Successors) freed and discharged of and from all former Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters and Things whatsoever for redeeming, determining or making void the same or any of them; subject nevertheless to the several and respective Provisoes and Powers of Redemption of the said yearly Funds and yearly Sums hereafter in this Act contained.

XXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon one year's Notice to be given by Authority of Parliament at the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist which shall be in the h ear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, or at any of the said quarterly feast days after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain of the whole Sum whereof the said capital Stock of ten Millions, with the said Stock to be added thereunto, (by way of Increase as aforesaid) shall then consist, according to such Notice without Deduction, Discount or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and upon Payment of all Arrears of the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds, and of the said additional

Fund,

No Governor, &c. disabled

from being a Member of Parliament,

or liable to any Penalty or Disability for not Qualifying himself, &c.

Transfers not liable to higher Stamps.

Sealed Bonds to charge all the several Funds and Stock.

Such Bonds not

Subject to the Power of Redemption.

On one year's Notice after 24 June 1723, and on Repayment, C the yearly Pund of 500, 000 1. and the additional yearly Fund, &c. to ccafe,

219

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 19.

Fund, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be added thereunto by way of Increase as aforesaid, and of the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds and of the said yearly Annuity of two thousand Pounds, or such proportional Part thereof as aforesaid, for Management, to be added thereunto pursuant to this Act (if any such Arrear or Arrears shall be then due) then the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds and the said additional yearly Fund, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, and the yearly Annuity to be added thereunto by way of Increase for Management as aforesaid, Rail from thenceforth cease and determine.

XXXIII. And in regard it is intended, That after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven P Notice be

hundred and twenty-three the Principal or Sum Total of the said Capital or increased Stock of the said

Company, confuting of ten Millions and the Addition to be made thereunto as aforesaid, may be satis j, ', northeast, j m

fied to the said Governor and Company by any Payments (not being less than one Million of lawful Mo rgdemptm: >, ar, L ' ney of Great Britain at a Time) and that as the same principal Moneys shall be paid off, the said yearly Payment be

Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, and the said additional yearly Fund after the Rate of five Pounds

i per Centum per Annum, to be added thereunto as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time proportionally fink, C 4')

and be abated Be it therefore further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any then so mucivof Time or Times at or after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty the increased three Notice shall be given by Authority of Parliament for Redemption of the said yearly Fund of five fd te hundred thousand Pounds and the yearly h und which shall be added tlmreunto as aforesaid, and the said yearly sum of eight thousand Pounds and the additional Annuity which shall be added thereunto as aforesaid; and if Payment, according to such Notice be made by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Successors, of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than one Million at a Time) in part of the principal Moneys whereunto the said Sum of ten Millions and the Stock to be added thereunto, by virtue of this Act, shall jointly amount; and also if Payment be made of all the Arrearages then due to them of the increased yearly Fund and increased yearly Sum, or so much of those Arrearages as shall bear a Proportion to the principal Moneys from Time to Time remaining unsatisfied, being computed by the Day until the Time of every such Payment of Part of the Principal respectively, then, from and after every such Payment so made to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, so much of the said increased yearly Fund, (conlifcing of five hundred thousand Pounds, with such Addition as aforesaid) as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys lo paid in Part of the said Principal, shall cease and determine and be abated; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby fui there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and af After redemp ter the Redemption of all the said yearly Fund of five hundred thousand Pounds and of the additional uon the fererai yearly Fund which is to be joined to the same as aforesaid, and of the said yearly Sum of eight thou t^ns^fliaty (and Pounds, and the yearly Sum which is to be added thereunto for Management as aforesaid, by Pay be understood ments to be made according to the several and respective Provisoes or Conditions of Redemption in this to be redeemed Abl contained of or concerning the same, then and not till then the several Duties, Impositions, additi by Parliament onal Impositions and Revenues, and all proportional Parts of them or any of them, which are chargeable therewith, shall he understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall not be issued, paid or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever without Authority of Parliament; nevertheless the said Corpora But the corpo tion, by the Name aforesaid, shall for ever remain, continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, rever" and shall have, hold and enjoy all their Forts, Factories, a cquisitions, Lands, Tenements, Heredita, nje or ever' ments, foie Benefit of Trade in and to the South seas and elsewhere, and also all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments that are or shall be by them purchased in Great Britain, not exceeding one thousand Pounds per Annum, with perpetual Succdlion, and all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, fran chises. Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever whereunto the said Governor and Company are or before the making this Act were entitled by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants or Charters now in Force; all which are by this Act ratified, confirmed and made effectunl to them and their Successors; and the said Governor and Company and the Members thereof, without having any Share or Interest: in the said yearly Funds, Payments or Annuities, or any of them, after the same shall be redeemed, shall have and be entitled to the foie Benefit of Trade in and to the South seas and elsewhere, and such Power of Trade in the Fishery, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force is directed, and all other Benefits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages (the said respective Annuities to them issuing or payable after such Redemption as aforesaid only excepted) as if no such Redemption were had or made anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Abi All At Powers lities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, franch!its, Privileges, Profits and Advantages ^ch^terfcor: Whatsoever, and all Pains of Death and other Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and all Rules, Di tinuedfor" rerl* regions, Methods, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause or Clattfes therein, or any Charter or Charters under the Great Seal of Great Britain, are enabled, granted or established to, for, touching or concerning the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America and for encouraging the fiery, or the Members of the same (being in Force at or until the Time of making of this Act, and not hereby determined or altered) shall for ever continue, and be practised and put in Execution for securing and paying the yearly Funds, Annuities and Payments by this Act direct ed, subject to the Provisoes for Redemption thereof in this Act contained, and also (as well after such re demption as before) for securing the Possessions, Trade and Business of the said Corporation, and for their

F f 2^Ad vane.

rg.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

A Vote of the House of Commons

by their Speaker, to be lufftci ent Notice for Redemption,

Company in 3 general Court may declare how the Proportion of the increased Stock shall be disposed of.

How Proprietors of pay tickets, who have aliened their In rereft for one or more Years, are to fu bscribe.

g Ann. C 4.

Duplicates to be made of pay tickets lost, burnt or destroyed.

Treasury to reward Managers rut of the Mollies for Debts and Encumbrances incuired before 25 Dec, j7.j6,

Advantage in all Respects, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Franchises? Privileges, Profits and Advantages, and the said Pains of Death and other Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and the said Benefit of Trade, Rules, Directions, Methods, Articles, Matters and Things, were severally repeated and at large re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXXVI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or resolution of the House of Commons, signified by their Speaker in Writing, to be delivered at the public Office of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this act, for redeeming their said yearly Funds or Annuities pursuant to the Proviso or Provil oes of Redemption in this act contained, and at the respective Time or Times therein mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, in a general Court of the said Company to declare and appoint how and in what Manner the Proportion of the said intended to be increased Stock, which the said Governor and Company shall be entitled unto, for or in respect of the said Sum of seven hundred seventy eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or in respect of the proportional Part thereof, which shall be actually paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in pursuance of this Act (including therein such Deductions, Defalcations, Recoupments or Abatements, as are in and by this Act directed to be made) shall or may be disposed of, either for and on the Account of the Proprietors of the present capital Stock or of the whole increased capital Stock of the said Corporation, as their general Court shall think fit, in proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said capital Stock; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas several of the Proprietors of the said pay tickets may have sold, aliened or 1 disposed of their Interest in one, two or three Years succeeding Payments of such pay tickets, Part of those comprehended in the said Term of twenty-three Years and three Quarters of a Year, or of the said one Year and a quarter's Arrear It is hereby provided and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors, having all the other pay tickets for the Residue of the said Term of twenty-three Years and three Quarters of a Year, or for the Residue of the said one Year and a Quarter, may subscribe that whole Term of and in the said Annuity or Annuities, and all the pay tickets for the same, paying to the Person or Persons to be appointed to receive and take in the said pay tickets the full Amount of such pay ticket or tickets so sold, aliened or disposed; which Person or Pei soils shall pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in Trull:, to pay and satisfy such Person or Persons as shall have a Right to and be in Possession of such pay tickets, when those Tickets respectively shall become due, and delivering up all the rest of the pay tickets for the Term so subscribed foras in this Act is before prescribed; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas several of the said pay tickets made forth in pursuance of the said Act of the eighth Year of her late majesty's Reign have, by Casualty or Mischance, been lost, burnt or otherwise

destroyed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear by Affidavit to be made before the Lord Chief Baron, or before any of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the Time being, (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the Satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, that any such Ticket or Tickets as aforesaid, before the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen shall have been or are lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed. mail and may be lawful for the Commissioner of the transfer office, appointed pursuant to the said Act' of the eighth Year of her late majesty's Reign, and the Paymaster of such Tickets, or either of them, upon producing a Certificate from any the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him or them (which Affidavit the said Barons or any of them is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the good Liking of the said Commissioner and Paymaster to indemnify his Majesty against all other Persons whatsoever, for and concerning the Moneys specified in or due upon such Ticket or Tickets, to make forth Duplicates of the Tickets so left, burnt, or destroyed at the Request of the respective Owners thereof; and that the same Duplicates shall be of the like Validity and have the same Effect as the original Tickets would have had, if they had not been lost, burnt or destroyed, and may be subscribed into the said increased Stock as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Moneys which shall from Time to Time arise at the Receipt of the Exchequer for Payment of Debts and Encumbrances incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the Time being, to reward the said Managers to be appointed for taking the said Subscriptions, and the Clerks and the Officers to be employed by and under them, and the said Persons to be employed for taking in the said Tickets, and all other Officers that shall and may be any way employed in this Affair, for their Labour, Pains and Service therein respectively, and to discharge and satisfy such incident Expenses as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time find to be reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLL

1

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 19. 221

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if all the pay tickets for the said lottcry an.fjj11ll, epay nuities and the said Arrearages thereof shall be subscribed according to this Act, within the Time thereby the

limited, then the Moneys of the said Duties applicable to the Payment thereof from Time to Time coming the Money 3p. in: o the Receipt of the Exchequer shall and may he ifl ued weekly to the said Governor and Company and piicabic tnthe their Successors, or to their Cashier for their life, so as the Sum Total of the Money which shall be due paymentthe.cof to them out of the same pursuant to this Act, at the End of any Quarter of a Year, be not exceeded; any C

Thing in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. cccipany's C

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent to his Ma caihfcr.' jetty upon one Act of this Scifioii of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a ebuh. of ap land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, propmtion of and so much Money (if any such he) of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise and remain after all the the Mimey Loans made or to be made on that Act, and the Interest thereof and the Charges thereby allowable (or L m

raising the said Tax, shall be falisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all qy'j, C the Moneys lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act Cco'C, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven him 5 di ed and nineteen; and for enlarging the Time for entering at the Exchequer such Alignments of reversionary Annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better Jecnring the Duties on Hides and Skins, Tellom and Parchment, and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the Loans made or to be made on the same Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the same Duties shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and the Sum of five hundred and five tiioufand nine hundred ninety five Pounds raised or intended to be raised by way of a Lottery, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled. An act for conti 5 Geo. i. C jj nuing certain Duties upon coals and Culm, and for establishing certain Funds to raise Money, as well to proceed in the building of neiu Churches, as also to compute the Supply granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the overplus Moneys of the Jhid Duties for the Dispoftion of Parliament; and for more effectual suppressing private Lotteries, ants the Sum of twenty-two thousand three hundred twenty-five Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence intended to be supplied out of the surplus Moneys specified in the Act last before mentioned, shall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed: That is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there Deficiencies for dial] and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding five hundred and two thousand seven hundred the Year 1718. and nineteen Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, to make good the Deficiencies of the Grants in Parliament for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any Sum not exceeding Deficiencies of one hundred and two thousand ninety-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Fifth Part of a Penny, togeneral pund make good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called the general Fund, for raising seven hundred twen auwt ty four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings ten Pence and one Fifth Part of a Penny chlelmas i'^is. per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and eighteen: And it is hereby Naval Services, enacted and declared, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall or may be issued or applied any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred and fourteen thousand six hundred thirty-eight Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, for or towards the naval Services following, that is to say, for or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea officers; and for or towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy and Victualling thereof performed and to be performed; and for or towards sea service in the office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed: And any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eightj^ eight thousand four hundred Repairs of the ninety four Pounds, for or towards Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed: And any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy one thousand five hundred twenty seven Pounds "0 r twelve Shillings and eleven Pence for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for or towards land service land forces, performed and to be performed: And any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of eight hundred and nine thousand six hundred thirty-six Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and offfir Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, any Sum not exceeding five hundred twenty six thousand nine hundred sixty rour Pounds eleven Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of twelve thousand four hundred thirty-five effective Men (commissioned and non commissioned Officers included) for Guards: and Garrisons and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Jerfsy and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen: And any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred forty seven thousand six hundred seventy two Pounds five cni nfons in Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plants Mlnc, ca c tions, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen And any Sum not exceeding twenty-five Chelsea iiofiii thousand Pounds for the extraordinary Charge of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea and the out pensioners, tal Oversea for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, over and above the Poundage and day's Pay: '"b

And any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds upon account of Ao! 1, u. half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, to be paid to the reduced Officers of see. 49.' Half pa his Majesty's land forces and Marines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Applica Officers, tion of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf; And that the said Aids or Supplies

provided

Proviso for the Commissioners of the Army, and Equivalent.

Rules to be observed in Application of Half.

Pay

'treasury to apply out of the appropriated Sums so much as shall be necessary for the expence of Augmentation of Forces by Sea or Land. Treasury may apply the Moneys advanced by the south-sea Company for public. Uses, C

Geo. i. C 3. The Overplus of 94, 0001. by the Malt Act, 171s. granted to reduced Offi cers, shall be dil posed to such maimedofficers, cas his Majesty hall appoint.

C 19. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other that! towards the Uses and Purposes before mentioned.

XLIII. Provided always, That such Sums as, by or in pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, are or shall be due or payable to any Commissioners for taking, examining, sating and determining the Debts due to the Army, or to any Commissioners for stating the Debts due and to grow due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or other incident Charges, shall of may be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI V And as to the said Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated upon account of half-pay, as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say,

1. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced.

2. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company.

3. That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

4. That no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any ecclesiastical Benefice, or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

5. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since.

6. That no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers.

7. And that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XLV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, to iitiie and apply, or cause to be issued and applied, such Part of the Moneys by this Act appropriated for the public Uses and Services before mentioned, as shall be necessary to be issued and applied for or towards the Increase of Expense arisen or to arise from such Augmentation, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom hath made, or shall think fit to make, of his Forces by Sea or Land, to disappoint the Designs of his Enemies both at home and abroad; anything in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, to jfltie and apply, or cause to be issued and applied, all or any Part of the Moneys which shall be advanced by the said Corporation into the Receipt of the Exchequer (for paying such Debts and Encumbrances, as aforesaid) to or for any the public Uses or Services for which Provision is made, or intended to be made by this Act, or by the foregoing Clauses of Appropriation therein contained, so as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or high treasurer for the Time being, do take effectual Care, and they are hereby enjoined and required to take effectual Care, that such Sum or Sums (Part of the said land-tax, or Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, or Part of the Loans authorised to be made severally thereupon) as shall be equal to the Sum or Sums of the said advance money so applied to the said public Uses or Services, be carefully reserved and kept apart, to be applied for or towards discharging the said Debts and Encumbrances, according to such Act or Acts of Parliament as shall hereafter be made or passed in that Behalf; anything in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, C were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; amongst which any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of ninety four thousand Pounds, upon account of half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, were intended to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half pay, as in and by the same Act were prescribed in that Behalf, and the Deficiencies of the said Supplies 5 are made good, or enacted to be made goodbye Grants in this Session of Parliament: 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of ninety four thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said former Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or an Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed to such Officers who were maimed, or lost their Limbs in the Late Wars, or to such others as, by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, who are not strictly qualified within the Rules by the said recited Act prescribed to receive the same, or to the Widow's or Children of such Officers whom his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign manual as shall be sinned in that Behalf: anything in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 ' XLVIII

D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 20. 223

XLVIII. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen 10 Ann, C 19. Aiine, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, and for other Purposesfee 17°. therein mentioned, it is provided. That Cards and Dice may be exported (free of the stamp duties)c, aufc7llmlt Bond being entered into to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Surety or Sureties, in nal Sum of double the Duties on such Cards or Dice, with Condition for exporting the same into some Eomis for ex part or Port beyond the Seas, within a Time to be limited in such Bond; and that the same, or any ofporrins Cards them shall not be relanded in any Part of Great Britain; and such Bonds are to be left in the Hands of3n<l D: ce the Commissioners for the stamp duties; which Provision was intended for encouraging the Exportation of Cards and Dice into foreign Parts, but hath been found to be a great Discouragement thereof, in re 6c', T.

; guard such Bonds do or may lie out against the Parties bound therein, although the Conditions thereof 11 C 1. CL

arc or shall have been performed; and in regard some of the Obligors in such Bonds have been prosecuted ncn. 1. £.33-[ thereupon several Years after the Dates thereof, and are or may be liable to the Penalties, although nog", 2> f Fraud or Relanding be proved against them, for that the Proof is cn their Part, and the Persons ufttally iqcci.z'/caz' f bound in such Bonds as Sureties for the Makers or Sellers of such Cards and Dice exported, are those^f, 3' j0 C ' who actually export the same, and upon Account of such Suretyship cannot be legal witnesses for thee. 19. 32 r Principals in such Bonds, and it is impracticable to bring living Witnesses, or such sufficient Proof as6'" -- - C 35- the Law at present requires, from the East and West Indies, and other foreign Parts to which Cards and i' Dice are commonly exported, to prove the Landings and Consumptions thereof in such foreign Parts: r And whereas great Quantities of Cards and Dice exported are often consumed in long Voyages at Sea,

and there is no Provision in the said Add for prosecuting such Bonds in any limited Time, or for any 10 Ann, C 19.

Discharge thereof, and it is reasonable to give Relief in the premisses Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to such of the said Bonds as have been entered into at any Time or Times before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and are now remaining in the Hands of the Commissioners for the stamp duties, or any of his Majesty's Officers, in case there shall be no Prosecution for some Breach or nonperformance of the respective Conditions thereof, before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, or if upon such Prosecution, Proof be not made of some Fraud in Breach or nonperformance of such Conditions, and Judgement thereupon obtained for his Majesty, before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, then such of the said 'Bonds so already entered into, shall (for want of such Proof or Judgement) be void j and that all prosecutions now depending upon any of the said Bonds, which have not been commenced within two Years after the Date thereof, and where Proof hath not been made, or shall not be made, before the sixth Day olfarrbtrpnvg april one thousand seven hundred and twenty, of some Fraud in Breach or nonperformance of the Con s concerning-s. ditions, shall cease and determine; and as to such Bonds as shall be entered into after the said sixth Day f

April one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, in case there shall be no Proof of some Fraud in Breach'ft'etc.

or nonperformance of the respective Conditions, or if Proof thereof be not made within two Years af '7 c, I. ter the Dates of the Bonds, or if upon such Prosecution as is laid mentioned, Judgement be not obtained? z. S for for his Majesty upon such Proof, as aforesaid, within the Space of one Year after the same Prosecutionc' 20» 11 V commenced, then every such Bond which shall be entered into, as aforesaid (in default of such Prosecution j C "' e' g' to be commenced, and Judgement to be obtained, as aforesaid, within the Times before limited) shall also 3 Cu. I. I. iti be void; and all Bonds made void by this Act shall be delivered up by the respective Officers, having the St 20. 4 cvv, same in their keeping, to be cancelled, without Fee or Reward. 5-

5 Geo. 2. c. 27.

6 Geo. 2. c. 25 & 28. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17, ygeo, 2. C 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24 Geo. r. z&f II 26 Gec

CAP. XX.

j An Act for settling certain yearly Funds payable out of the Revenue of Scotlandto satisfy public Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union, and to discharge the Equivalents claimed on Behalf of Scotland in the Terms of the same Treaty 5 and for obviating all future Disputes, Charges and Expenses concerning those Equivalents.

I. t\/f A Y it please your most Excellent Majesty; in and by the sixth Article of the Trea

XVII. ty for the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, (which Treaty was ratified by

Acts of Parliament passed in either Kingdom, and particularly by an act made in England in the fifth 5 Ar, n,

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blelled Memory) It was provided that the Customs and Duties on import and export, settled in England when the Union commenced, should from and after the Union take place throughout the whole united Kingdom, excepting and reserving, as in the said Article is particularly expressed; in and by the seventh Article of the said Treaty it was provided, That all Parts of the united Kingdom should for ever, from and after the Union, be liable to the same Ex ' cifes (excepting only that such Beer or Ale as are therein described, should not after the Union be liable,

upon account of the then present Excise upon exciseable Liquors in England, to any higher Imposition than two Shillings Sterling upon thirty-four Gallons Ettglish Barrel, being twelve Gallons of the then present Scots Measure 5) and it was by the Article last mentioned provided. That the Excise then settled

5 in.

C. 20. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

in England upon all other Liquors should, when the Union commenced, take place throughout the whole united Kingdom: And in and by the fourteenth Article of the said Treaty of Union, it was provided. That Scotland should not be charged with any Duties laid on by the Parliament of England before the said Union (except such as were consented to in the said Treaty) in regard it was agreed, That all necessary Provision should be.made by the then Parliament of Scotland for the public Charge and Ser vice of that Kingdom, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; nevertheless, That if the Parliament of England should think fit to lay any further Impositions, by way of Customs, or such Excises with which, by virtue of the said Treaty, Scotland was to be charged equal with England,

in such Case Scotland should be liable to the same Customs and Excises, and have an Equivalent to be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain: And whereas by the Terms of the said Treaty the Subjects of Scotland, for preserving an Equality of Trade throughout the united Kingdom, would be liable to

several Customs and Excises then payable in England, which would be applicable towards Payment of the Debts of England, contracted before the Union: It was by the fifteenth Article of the said Treaty

5 agreed. That Scotland should have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof should be so charged to wards Payment of the said Debts of England in all Particulars whatsoever, in manner therein expressed,

5 (viz.) That before the Union of the said Kingdoms the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, should be granted to her said Majesty by the Parliament of England for the Uses after mentioned, being the Equivalent to be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the said Customs and Excises upon all exciseable Liquors with which that Kingdom was to be charged upon the Union, as would be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions therein specified: in regard that after the Union, Scotland becoming liable to the same Customs and Duties payable on import and export, and to the same Excises on ail exciseable Liquors as in England, as well upon that Account, as upon the account of Increase of Trade and People, the said Revenues would much improve beyond the annual Values thereof set down in the said Article, whereof no present Estimate could then he made; yet nevertheless for the Reasons aforesaid, it was thereby decla red, That there ought to be a proportional Equivalent answered to Scotland: And it was agreed, That after the Union there should be an Account kept of the said Duties arising in Scotland, to the End that it might appear what ought to be answered to Scotland as an Equivalent for such Proportion of the said Increase as should be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England: And for the further and more effectual answering the several Ends after mentioned, it was agreed, That from and after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs and Duties on Import and Export, and Excises upon excise able Liquors in Scotland, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties as therein stated, should go and be applied for the Term of seven Years to the Uses after mentioned; and that upon the said Account there should be answered to Scotland annually, from the End of seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent in proportion to such Part of the said Increase as should be applicable to the Debts of England, and generally that an Equivalent should be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the English Debts as Scotland might thereafter become liable to pay by reason of the Union, other than such for which Appropriations had been made by Parliament in England, of the Customs or other Duties on Export and Import, and Excises on all exciseable Liquors, in respect of which Debts the Equivalents were therein before provided; and as to the Uses to which the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, and all other Moneys which were to be answered or allowed to Scotland, as aforesaid, were to be applied. It was by the said Treaty agreed, That in the first place,

+out of the aforesaid Sum, what Consideration should be found necessary to be had for any Losses which private Persons might sustain by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England, should be made good; in the next place, that the capital Stock or Fund of the then African and Indian Company of Scotland advanced, together with the Interest for the said capital Stock, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the respective Times of the Payment thereof,

should be paid; upon Payment of which capital Stock and Interest, it was agreed the said Company should be tiiffolved and cease; and as to the Overplus of the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty isle Pounds ten Shillings (after Payment of what Consideration should be had for Losses in repairing the Coin, and paying the said capital Stock and Interest) and also the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs, Duties and Excises, above the then present Value, which should arise in Scotland, during the said Term of seven Years, together with the Equivalent which should be come due upon the Improvement thereof in Scotland, after the said Term, and also as to all other Sums which according to the Agreements aforesaid might become payable to Scotland, by way of Equi valent for what that Kingdom shoum thereafter become liable towards Payment of the Debts of England, it was by the Lid Article agreed, That the same should be applied in manner following, viz. That all the public Debts of the Kingdom of Scotland, as should be adjusted by the then present Parliament, should be paid, and that two thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Space of seven Years, should be applied towards incouraging and promoting the Manufacture of coarse Wool wi hin those Shires which produced the Wool, and afterwards the same should be wholiy employed towards incouraging and promoting the Fisheries and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as n ight most conduce to the general Good of the united Kingdom; And it vvas agreed, i hat her Majesty should be empowered to appoint Commissioners, who Inould be accountable to the Parliament of Great 5; tain, for disposing the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, and all other Moneys which should arise to Scotland, upon the Agreements aforesaid to the Purposes

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 20. 225

( (rf) ex.inrwrcd

v.iil the Rc

co: d

poses before mentioned, who should keep their Office within the Limits of Scotland, with such Powers,

and be subject to such directions for keeping Accounts and performing other Matters and Things, as in the said fifteenth Article were prescribed. And whereas for preventing all Millakes or Abuses which might hinder the ready Application of the a sore said Money to the Proprietors, and others concerned in the Stock of the African and Indian Company of Scotland, conform to the said Article, there was an Act made in the last Session of the aft Parliament of Scotland, entitled', Act concerning the Payment of the Sums

out of the Equivalent to the African Company, wherein it was enacted, That the Directors of the said

African and Indian Company of Scotland should make up Accounts of the Sums advanced by the Proprietors of the said Company, and Debts due to (a) the said Company, on the first Day of may then next,

as therein was prescribed; and in like manner by another Act of the said Parliament of Scot! nd, entitled, Act concerning the public): Debts, the Payments to be made on account of the public Debts of Scotland, were adjusted; in and by the said Treaty ofunion, and several Acts before recited cr mentioned (amongst other Things therein contained) Relation being thereunto severally had, may more fully appear.

And whereas the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings,

was paid for and on the Part of England to the Commissioners of the Equivalent in Scotland, pursuant to the aforesaid Articles, and considerable Sums were by them issued out according to the same, and the above recited Acts of Parliament of Scotland, but by Experience it was found that some further Direc tion was yet necessary for the better Application of what remained of the said Sum unapplied, and all other Sums which were or might become due by virtue of the Agreements aforesaid, and for the more effectual attaining the Ends mentioned in the said fifteenth Article of the Treaty and Acts above reci ted; and therefore an Act was made and passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the sixth Year of Anm C ' her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, containing Powers and Directions, as by the same, Relation being thereunto also had, may more fully appear. And whereas by an Act of Parliament of Great Britain, made in the tenth Year of her An"' C said late majesty's Reign, (amongst other Things) for obviating Doubts concerning certain Payments ec' IC "'

in Scotland, it was enacted, That the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Exchequer court of Scotland, were and might be chargeable upon any Part of the Revenues of Customs and Excise of Scotland, preferable to all other Payments whatsoever, (the Charges of Management excepted) but so as not any way to prevent any Application of the Excrcfcence out of the said Customs and Ex ' cife appointed by any former Law, as by the same Ad (Relation being thereunto had) may also more fully appear. And whereas an Act of Parliament of Great Britain was made in the twelfth Year of her iz Ann. 0. ' said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of Equivalent for the 13- Sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence Half penny by them duly issued out of the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten sbil lings, which they received, reciting that the Commissioners for disposing the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, and all other Moneys which should arise to Scotland upon the Agreements in the said Treaty of Union, or the major Part of them, pursuant to fe several Commissions from her Majesty, had well and duly issued and paid the Sum of three hundred eigh ty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, as directed by the Laws in that Behalf, in manner therein set down, (videlicet) Towards the Loss which private Persons sustained by reducing the Englisho Money then in Scotland to the currentrate in England, the Sum of three thousand and seventeen Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence; for recoining the Scots and so reign Money, and reducing it to the Standard of the Coin of England, the Sum of forty-nine thousand eight hundred eighty eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence one sixth Part of a Penny; towards Payment of the Stock, Interest, and Debts of the Indian and African Company, the Sufn of two hundred twenty-nine thousand six hundred and eleven Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence; towards the Charges of the Commissioners, Secretaries and Accountants of the two Treaties of Union, the Sum ' of thirty thousand four hundred ninety-eight Pounds twelve Shillings and twopence; towards Payment

of the first Class of the civil List, the Sum of twenty seven thousand five hundred fifty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence one third of a Penny; towards Payment of the second Class of the civil List, the Sum of four thousand six hundred fifty-five Pounds and six Shillings; towards Payment of the first Class of the military Lilt, the Sum of fourteen thousand one hundred eighty eight Pounds

and eight Pence; towards Payment of the second Ciafs of the military List, the Sum of fourteen thousand four hundred fifty-eight Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence and five sixths of a Penny; for the Sees and Salaries of the Servants of the Commission till the fourteenth of March and thirtieth of 'Abril then last past, the Sum of five thousand four hundred and thirteen Pounds eleven Shillings and four Pence 5 for the necessary Charges of the Commission, and for defending of law suits where the titles { of Parties were not clear (those Charges preceding the six and twentieth Day of March then last past) the Sum of two thousand two hundred twentyrfour Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one sixth of a Penny

And it was thereby declared, That the said Commissioners of the Equivalent should be acquitted of the several Sums above set down, amounting in the whole to the said Sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny; providing nevertheless,

That nothing therein contained should free them from applying the Sum of sixteen thousand five him dred seventy five Pounds fourteen Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, being the Balance of the said three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings then remaining in their Hands, i together with what other Sums were or might become due and payable to them, to such Uses, and for

226 C 20. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 171b.

such Purposes, as the former Acts therein mentioned did appoint and direct: And it appearing, That the other public Debts of Scotland then unsatisfied, which were adjusted and certified, pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts therein recited, did then amount to the Sum of two hundred and thirty thou' send three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence five sixths of a Penny, including the Interest of such Parts thereof as bore Interest from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eight to the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; it was thereby enacted, That it might and should be lawful for the commissioners of Equivalent for the 1 Time being, or any three or more of them, and they were thereby directed and required forthwith to call for and receive all the Certificates and other Warrants, and receive and cancel all the Debentures for which the Debt aforesaid, amounting to the Sum of two hundred and thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence five sixths of a Penny, was conllituted and established, ' and issue out new Debentures deviseable and transferrable, as the former Debentures were, for the said Sum, to the several Persons proportionally and respectively entitled thereunto, which new Debentures are thereby enacted to bear Intereil from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that such Intereil shall be paid out of the first and readied: of the Moneys which either were or should become due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, according to the Agreements in the Treaty of Union above recited, and the Principal according to the Order and Preferences mentioned in the fifteenth Article of the said trea ja Atm. ft. 1. i ty, and several Laws and Acts therein mentioned, as by the said Act of the twelfth Year of her said late c' Majesty's Reign, Relation being thereunto had, may alfe more fully appear. And whereas by an Act of

1 Geo. 1. ft. 4 Parliament of Great Britain, made and passed in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled, An C 27. 4 ai for taking and sating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland, by xvay of Equivalent in the Demis of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Public in Scotland, and the of of the Equiva lent, your Majesty was empowered to appoint Commissioners for taking, examining and Hating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent, and Provision was thereby made for Payment of 4 a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two Pounds eight Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, to the Commissioners of Equivalent in Scotland, or any Persons appointed by them, or any two of them, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise by the said Revenues of Cuiloms and Excise of Scotland, or either of them, for the Payment of one year's Interest, (videlicet) from the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, of the capital Sum of two hundred and thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence and five sixths of a Penny, stated due to the Creditors of the Public in Scotland, on the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, pursuant to the said 12 Ann. ft. 2. ' aq. of the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, and for Payment of the Salaries of the said C I3' 4 Commissioners of Equivalent, and of the Fees and Salaries of their Servants, and necessary Charges,

from the said twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and by an Act of Parliament of Great Britain, made in 3g; S. j, C 14. C the third Year of your majesty's Reign, for continuing the Act last before recited, the rowers given to your Majesty, for appointing Commissioners for taking and dating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent in the Terms of the Union, were continued for the Term therein mention 4 ed; and by the Act last mentioned, the Commissioners of your majesty's Treasury were empowered (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the civil Establishment in Scotland, authorised by the said Act of the io Ann. C 26. C tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign) to cause Payment of a Sum not exceeding thirty-one thousand five hundred sixty five Pounds two Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, to the (Commissioners of the Equivalent in Scotland, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise out of any of the Cuiloms, Duties, Excises or Revenues, under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuiloms and Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or either of them, for Payment of two Years Interest of the said capital Sum of two hundred and thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence and five sixths of a Penny,

and of eighteen thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence and two thirds of a 4 Penny, stated due to William Patcrfon, Esq; by an Act of the first Year of your majesty's Reign, from the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and for Payment of the Salaries of the Commissioners of Equivalent, and of the.p'ees and Salaries of their Servants, and the necessary Charges of the Office for the said two Years;

providing nevertheless, That the Commissioners of the Equivalent of Scotland for the Time being, should secure and retain in their Hands the Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds Sterling, appointed by the said fifteenth Article of the Union, for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of Coarse Wool, in such Shires where the same was or should be produced, to be applied for the Benefit of the said Manufacture, and the wool masters, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, as by the two Acts last before recited 3 Geo. 1. c. 14. e may also more fully appear; which several Sums for Payment of Interest, Salaries and Charges, were 10 Ann. C 26. < issued to the said Commissioners of Equivalent accordingly. And whereas by reason of many Doubts arising in the Construction of the said fifteenth Article of the said Treaty, and other Laws relating to the Excrescence of the said Equivalent, and to the growing Equivalent due and becoming due to Scotland,

and by reason of the many Difficulties which attend separating and distinguishing between Debts incurred before the Union, and Debts incurred for the Service of the united Kingdom (both which have without Distindlton been provided for since the Union) the Commissioners for taking and stating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, have not been able to adjust the Accounts thereof for Time pall, and are like to meet with insuperable Difficulties therein for the future, during so long

2 ' Time

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 20. 227

Time as the same is to continue in the Terms of the said Treaty, although the making or endeavouring

to make such Accounts is attended with an excessive Charge to the Public, and may occasion great Vexations and Discontents in the United Kingdom: 'For obviating whereof, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, as we think it just and reasonable, so we also judge it to be most conducible to the public Quiet and Tranquillity, That in lieu and full Discharge of all Equivalents whatsoever, that might hereafter be demanded from England., or the United Kingdom, upon the Foot of the said Treaty, such certain Annuities or yearly Funds and other Provisions may be settled and established for the Satisfaction of those interested or concerned in the Moneys which were expected to arise from the said Equivalents, as are hereafter in this Act expressed; do therefore humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That yearly and every Year, reckon rom June X i, ing the first Year to begin from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred o of ii and nineteen, the full Sum of ten thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be one yearly b. c. yea, jyfund< Fund, and the full Sujn of two thousand Pounds of like Money shall be another yearly Fund, for the fetor: hc Purposes veral Purposes in this Act expressed concerning the same yearly Funds respectively; that the said yearly in this Act, rd Funds shall continue and be payable for ever, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, according "er'

to the respective Provisoes herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said several Annuities orrcdc^ivionby yearly Funds, during the Continuance thereof respectively, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and be parliament, payable and paid out of the Moneys arisen and to arise, from d ime to Time, of or for any the Customs, Farther Provi duties, Excises or Revenues, that are or shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of theflon ls adc Customs and Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, or either of them, or of any Commissioners, far ^0"tn.lnof' 15 mers or Managers of those Revenues, or any of them, for the Time being, which shall from Time to Time 200: j' by remain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the Charges of managing the said Revenues, and of keep 13 Geo. i. C 30. ing up the said three Courts, and other Charges of the Civil Government in Scotland, pursuant to such <«//« 23 G, C 2. Establishment or Establishments as are or shall be made in that Behalf, and with Preference to all Payments^': ., > 5* whatsoever, other than those Charges, and other than such Drawbacks and Allowances, as are or shall be th(f dutici un fottled by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be made out of the said Revenues or any of them. der the Management

of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise in Scotland.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in case the Produce of the said Duties, Customs, Excises or Revenues j[n.cast shall at any Time or Times appear to b. c. so low or deficient, as that there should not be sufficient thereofsumttov*' to satisfy the said Annuities or yearly Funds of ten thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds, or either of maj g01)(1 out them, when the same shall become due, then and so often and in every such Case, the Deficiencies thereof of any other shall and may be satisfied and made goodbye or out of any other Revenues in Scotland, which were introt Revenue in duced by virtue of the said Treaty of Union, or to which the subjects of Scotland are or shall be liable, other F.*

than such Revenues as are expressly appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parlia the 'Union, ment of Great Britain made since the said Act for confirming the said Treaty of Union. exrep: such as

are othenviic appropriated.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Annuities or Funds of te r.tij Funds ten thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds per Annum shall be paid and payable at the four most ufu 1 (plie?'!, ?'!, -: t Feasts in the Year, that is to say, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ,

the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, by

even and equal Portions, until the Redemption of the same respectively according to the respective Provisoes

herein after contained in that Behalf; the first Payment thereof to be due and accounted due and payable at q.'mi ny

the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen;

and that the said several Annuities or yearly Funds and every Part thereof shall be free from all Taxes or The Funis Yr!

public Charges and Impositions whatsoever laid or to be laid thereupon by Authority of Parliament. from Tjxs>.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea The Treasur; - to fury now being, and the High Treasurer of Great Britain and the Commissioners of the Treasury of his Tue Warranu Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, shall and they respectively are hereby empowered and

strictly enjoined and required to issue their Warrants and Orders for making the Payments of the said an p'undj' y'3 nuities or yearly Funds from Time to Time, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that the Payments thereof shall be made by the proper Commissioners or Officers from Time to Time to be made without any Fees or Charges whatsoever to be demanded or taken for paying the same; and if any Com "jtl; out See or missioner. receiver-general, Officer or other Person or Persons, who shall have in his or their Hands any of d;

'the Moneys which, in pursuance of this Act, shall be ordered or appointed for Payment of the said An vertiniormiftr nuities or yearly Funds, or either of them, shall divert or misapply the same or any Part thereof, contrary plyingifce i'ar..u. to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, then every such Commissioner, receiver-general, Officer or Person for such Offence shall be rendered incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Employment of Trust or Profit, and be liable to pay double the Value of the Money so diverted or misapplied to the Use of the Corporation which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, for the Benefit of the Creditors of Scotland; and to be recovered by Action of Debt or of the Case, Bill,

Suit or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the said Court of Exchequer of Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ti, e kirp rn V King's Majesty, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

to incorporate all and every the D Lutus 1 a, t

rj. in corporate tn

Proprietors

228 C 20.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

Proprietors of Proprietors of the Debts and Sums of Money Rated to amount to the said principal Sums of two hundred due to scothndanc* thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence and five Sixths of a Penny,

C an. ejgjlteell thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence two Thirds of a Penny; both Sums making two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny; and all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, which as Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title derived or to be derived from, by or under the said Proprietors, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall have or be entitled to any Part, Share or Interest of or in the said Capital Sums amounting to two hundred forty-eight thou i'and five hundred and fifty Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny, so long as they respectively shall have any Part, Share or intercr therein, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by such Name as the King's Ma whic'n Corpora jessy shall think mcr proper; and that by such Name the said Corporation shall have perpetual Succession, tion Ajill have (subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is herein after appointed in that Behalf j and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered in Courts of Record or any other Place whatsoever, in all Actions and Causes whatsoever, for, touching or concerning the Receiving and Recovering of the said Annuity or Fund of ten thousand Pounds per Annum, and the Distribution thereof to those who shall from Time to Time be interested in the same, with such Powers to do and perform such other Matters and Things appertaining to them to do or perform touching or concerning the said Capital Sums and the said yearly Fund payable in respeil thereof, as the King's majery by the same Letters Patents shall think fit to

perpetual Sue, cetfion,

and may sue or be sued.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Capital Sums amounting to two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny shall be and be

maerrable\"c ^eenle^ to be the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Corporation; and that the Shares and interers of the particular Members of and in the same from Time to Time shall be assignable, transferrable and de vifeable in such Manner as the King's majery by the said Letters Patents shall prescribe and appoint, until the Redemption thereof.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Members of the said Corporation shall have and lie entitled to an Annuity or yearly Sum in proportion to his or their Share in the said Capital Sum and Stock of two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifry Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny; which Annuities or yearly Sums shall be paid and payable at the four mor usual fears in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portions, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf.

VIII. And whereas by virtue of former acts of Parliament, Debentures were authorised and di reefed to be made forth for the said several Debts amounting to two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny, which are assignable and transferrable by Endorse ment and bear "ir.terefl at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and some of the Persons intel refied in Part of the said Debts have not yet taken forth the Debentures to which they respectively are entitled pursuant to the said acts: 'Now it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases the Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or any three or more of them (being satisfied in the Titles of such Persons) shall make forth and sign Debentures for such particular'"Sums for which such Debentures are not already made forth, and deliver the same to the Persons entitled tied to Sums for thereto respectively, or such as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same; which shall bear interea which none are and be transferrable and assignable, and be made and issued in the same Manner and Form and under such already made Cond: tions, as if they had been made forth by the Commissioners for disposing the Equivalents in Scotland,

The Capital Sums to be a

Members of the Corporation entitled to Annuities in proportion to their Shares, and payable quarterly.

The Judges of the Exchequer in Scotland shall ms ke Debentures to Persons enti

forth 2

which. Debentures shall bear Interest, and be transferrable,

according to the said former Act.

IX. And to the end it may be known who are the Proprietors of the said Capital Sums amounting to two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny; It is hereby The f.iid Judges enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges of his majeay's Court of Exchequer in Scotland to eive Notice to shall, by public Publication at the market cross of Edinburgh, or by any other Form of public pub ro^srti lic^ion as the Judges shall think fit, intimate to all Parties within or without the Kingdom, hav n ing interers iir the said Rated Debts of Scotland, to produce or cause to be produced before the said Judges King's Remem in Edinburgh, in the ordinary Place where the said Court of Exchequer meets, at or before any Day or branccr, C Days to be by them therein prefixed, not shorter than six Months from the Date, of the public Publication at the market cross of Edinburgh, and there to exhibit their Debentures to be regiflred in the said Court Fees for Rtgi of Exchequer; which shall be accordingly regiflred there by the King's Remembrancer for the Time being .'king. without Fee or Charge, other than the Sum of sixpence for regiflring every inch Debenture wherein the

Principal shall exceed fifty Pounds; to which regiaer all Persons concerned shall and may have free Access at all seasonable Times without Fee or Charge.

X. And it being just and reasonable that interea diie on the said Debts, after the Rate of five pounds per centum.per Annum, from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seven teen, until the said fear of the Nativity of Saint 'john Baptist one thousand seven hundred and nineteen,

together with the Charges of the Commission of the Equivalent in Scotland, should be provided for: 'Be oatoftliemo it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Vcs arising by Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall and may.and they are hereby empowered and directed, 'iil'.t'1 t'^a'out of the Moneys arisen and to arise of or for the said Customs, Duties, Excises and other Revenues

ive. Ill J I cal' \ 1

A.D. 1718 Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 20. 229

charged with the said Annui: ies or yearly Funds as aforesaid, which shall from Time to Time remain next Hull cause ay af: er paying or referring sufficiejit to pay, as well the Charge of managing the same Revenues and keeping went to nude up the three Courts, and the faitl other Charges of the Civil Government in Sect land, as a Ho the Sums which shall be grown due and in Arrear from Time to Time for or upon the said Annuities or Funds of duhrsi avi.l ten thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds per Annum, or either of them, to cause Payment to be made r.u.u fhvi,

cr of 7>

till

2d for It in

unto such Persons as his Majesty, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, conntc signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer oi cve. of t!, C C: t j jbritain for the Time being, shall intrust to receive the same, of the full Sum of thirty thousand eight him guirjj A.' dred twenty-three Pounds leven Shillings and twopence for Payment of the Interest, alter the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of the said capital Sums amounting to two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny, and for Payment of the Salaries of the said Commissioners for dtfpoiing the Equivalent, and of the Fees and Salaries of their Servants and the necessary Charges of their Office for two Years, ended at the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John baptij} one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; from which Time all Salaries and other Charges relating to that Commission shall ccafe and determine.

XL. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Letters Patents or Charter of Till such ciurtfr Incorporation as aforesaid shall be actually granted and passed under Seal, the said Annuity or Fund of ten ot incorporation thousand Pounds per Annum shall be paid and payable unto such Persons as his Majesty, by any Warrant or ya yfund of Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Commissioners of the Lreasury or any three j0)0coi. /iialifcc or more of them, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall appoint to receive the paid to such per same, in Trust for the Use and Benefit of the said Proprietors interested or to be interested in the said De w !is pl bentures for the said Debts not exceeding two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty pounds'aa' oidcf* and nine Pence halfpenny, according to their respective Shares and Interests therein, and until the passing the Proprietor; of such Letters Patents or Charter of Incorporation, the said Debentures shall continue to be assignable or interested in the transferable by Indorsements thereupon; and from and after the granting such Letters Patents or Charter Debentures, of Incorporation, and passing the same under Seal as aforesaid, the said Annuity or Fund of ten thousand 7r" dt?nftt[ 'A Pounds per Annum shall be paid and payable to the same Corporation, or to their Cashier for the Time ciaaita"': ! being, for their Use, and to be divided and distributed to and amongst the several Members thereof accord be paid to the ing and in proportion to their respective Shares of and in the said Capital or Joint Stock of the same, and Corporation, to or for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at any Time, upon Payment by the Parliament cuufe.of re of Great Britain of the said capital Sum of two hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty falda au AA Pounds and nine Pence halfpenny, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever to be made out0't io ccol.u'of the same or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of the said Annuity or yearly Fund of ten thousand

Pounds then due, computing the same quarterly, till the End of the then next preceding Quarter of a Year and from thenceforth by the Day, until the Day of such Payment made (if any such Arrears be) then and not till then, and from thenceforth the said Annuity or Fund of ten thousand Pounds per Annum shall cease and determine; this present Aift, or anything herein contained to the contrary not with -

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges of the Ths Judges ofy Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall forthwith call the said Commissioners of the Equivalent in 5«<&77t/tclie*cjt^uecrajfl to an Account for the said Balance of sixteen thousand five hundred seventy five Pounds fourteen Shil aecurnrnifi^on lings and one Penny halfpenny, and for the said Sums of fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two ers of Equivalent Pounds eight Shillings and seven rence three Farthings, and thirty-one thousand five hundred sixty five to account for Pounds two Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, by them received as aforesaid; after Deduction of all the Balance, C their due Payments and just Allowances, to cause the Balance of such Account to be paid over to such jo such i'er persons as his Majesty, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, counter signed by the f0'nsas the tiinr Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for ihaildiieft. the Time being, final I from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, in Trust to and for the Uses and

Purposes whereunto the same is liable pursuant to the said former Acts, and thereupon to free and liberate the said Commissioners of Equivalent in Scotland upon their said Accounts.

XIV. And as to, for and concerning the said Annuity or Fund of two thousand Sounds per Annum by The Fund rf this Act settled until the Redempdon thereof by Parliament; It is hereby enacted and declared by the 2°°ol' peramv Authority aforesaid, That the same shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging. and promoting the aaaaota Fiflteries and such other Manufaures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general the fifteries.eg. Good of the united Kingdom, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said fifteenth Article of in Scotland, the said Treaty of Union, and to none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities or Funds of ten The said Funds thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds per Annum, and the several Shares and Interests of the Credi j.^a'and noi: tors, Proprietors or Members that are or shall be entitled thereunto, shall be deemed and taken to be Pet i; jbieto any ar fonal or movable Estates, and upon Deaths shall go to Executors or Administrators, and not be descendable reftment.

to Heirs, and such Shares or Interests in the capital Stock of the said Corporation, or in the Hands of their Cashier for the Time being, or in the Hands of any Trustees appointed or to be appointed to receive the fime as aforesaid, shall not be liable to any Arrestment or Attachment that shall be laid thereupon; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever r'oninfi" shall incur any Incapacity, Bilability, Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever, only for putting this Act in exe anyllc par>ry.

5 cation,

2 3° C 2l. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

C for putting cation, or for accepting or exercising any Office or Trust whatsoever, in pursuance of this Act or of any cu ion^l'c ^xe" Charter, Letters Patents or Warrant to be granted by his Majesty in pursuance thereof; any former Law' or Statute or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ujion payment

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at any Time, upon Payment by the Parliament cut't'°c°ar' the Great Britain of the full Sum of forty thousand Pounds Sterling, without any Deduction or Abatement wjveidy Vunt whatsoever to be made out of the same or any Part thereof, and all Arrears (if any such be) of the Paid ct 2000l. shall Annuity or yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds then due, computing the same quarterly, to the End of cease. the then next preceding Quarter of a Year and from thenceforth by the Day, until the Day of such Payment

made, then and not till then, and from thenceforth the said Annuity or yearly Fund of two thousand Sounds shall cease and determine; this present Act, or anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Paid Annul.

XVIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities Discharge of all or Funds of ten thousand Pounds per Annum and two thousand Pounds per Annum, and other Payments Equivalents.'by this Act directed and appointed, shall be in lieu and full Discharge of all Equivalents whatsoever, which shall or may be claimed or demanded by Scotland or on the Behalf of Scotland, by reason of the said Treaty or otherwise in regard of the said Union; and that the united Kingdom of Great Britain, or any the Revenues thereof, shall not be liable to any further or future Demands of or for any such Equivalents, or to the Expense or Charge of keeping or rendrine any further or future Accounts thereof (the said yearly Funds and other Payments by this Act established or appointed always excepted).

the commission

XIX. And it is hereby declared, That the present Commission for taking and stating the Debts due and contin^evo'1 to growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent, and the Salaries and other Charges of that Commission, longer thanmid shall or may be continued to the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John B apt [ft one thousand seven hundred iummer 1719. and nineteen, and no longer.

the king ssub 1

XX. And in regard by the fourteenth Article of the said Treaty it was agreed or mentioned. That all jefls in Scotland necessary Provision should be made by the then Parliament of Scotland for the public Charge and Service fwerabtevor "an ' that Kingdom for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, 'It is hereby declared, That his deficienc/for1^ majesty's Subjects in Scotland shall not be answerable for any Deficiency which happened in making that the Service of Provision; former Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. that Kingdom for the Year 1707.

XXI. And forasmuch as the intended Corporation cannot receive and distribute the Annuity of ten thousand Pounds per Annum, and defray the other necessary Charges of Management without lessening their Interest, which, if wholly born by the Members thereof, would prove a great Discouragement to The yearly Sam ' them Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the said Annuity or Fund 01 600* 'd11 of ten thousand Pounds hereby settled to be paid to the said Corporation, there shall be paid and payable to fall corporation the Corporation to be erected by virtue of this Act, and their Successors, until the said annual Sum i toward/the 'n herein before settled shall be redeemed as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised under Charge of Ma the Common Seal of the said Corporation to receive the same, for the Use of the said Corporation, the nageieent, e. further annual Sum of six hundred Pounds for and towards the Charge of Management, and other necessary Charges in receiving and distributing of the said Annuity of ten thousand Pounds payable to the said Cor to be payable poration, and the several Members thereof as aforesaid; which annual Sum of six hundred Pounds is Funds^f3me hereby charged and chargeable upon, and made to be paid and payable by and out of the same Funds, and at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, and by the same Ways. Means and Methods, as is and are herein and hereby prescribed, settled or appointed for Payment of the said Annuity of ten thousand Pounds per Annum.

5 XXII. And whereas several of the abovementioned Debentures, which were issued pursuant to the Acts of Parliament aforesaid, have by Casualty or Mischance been lost, burnt or otherwise destroy the Barons of ed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear to the Exchequer in the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to their Satisfaction, that any such Debentures ue new deben"bave been or are loft's burnt or otherwise destroyed, and that there be good Reason to believe the same to rules inlieu of"have been burnt, lost or otherwise destroyed; shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, or any three such as have or more of them, to issue or make forth new Debentures of the same Tenor and Contents with the deben been bumt, lost, tures lost, burnt or destroyed as aforesaid, on Security given to the good liking of the said Barons of the e Court of Exchequer in Scotland by the Person or Persons claiming such Debentures, against all other Persons

whatsoever, concerning the Moneys specified in or due upon such Debentures.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions.

Cap. 3, C 44.*I. WHEREAS it is of great Importance to the Welfare of this Kingdom, That the Trade and L 46- Traffic to and from the East indies in the Countries and Parts of Asia and Africa, and to and

1 Ann. Jiat. i. i from such Places of Asia, Africa and America, or any of them, beyond the Cape of Bona Esperanza to the 6 1v C 7 f 4 Straights of Magellan, where any Trade or Traffic of Merchandise is or may be used or had, be regu i7'.' ' iated according to the Acts of Parliament relating thereto and the Royal Charters or Grants made in

jo Am. C as. "*pursuance

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 21. 231

Sc 10 V 3. 44-

purfjance thereof: And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, It is enabled and provided, That the said east Indies, or the Islands, Havens, Sorts, Cities, Towns or Places within the Limits aforesaid, should not be visited, frequented or haunted by any of the Subjects of his Majesty, other than such as might law fully go and trade there; and that if any of the Subjects of his said late Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

of what Degree or Quality soever, other than such as might or may lawfully go and trade to the East Indies or other the Parts in the same Act mentioned, by virtue thereof, should directly or iuditedlly visit, haunt,

frequent, trade, traffic or adventure into or from the said East indies or other the Parts aforesaid, all and every such Offender and Offenders should incur such Forfeitures and Losses, as in the said Act is and are for that Purpose appointed: And it is also provided by the same Act and by subsequent Laws, That all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities to be laden upon any Ship or Ships bound from the said Raft indies or Parts within the Limits aforesaid, should be brought without breaking Bulk to some Port of Great Britain, and there be unladen and put on Land; notwithstanding which just and reasonable Provisions and Restrictions several of his Majesty's Subjects, not entitled under the said Acts of Parliament, have pre fumed to trade into and visit the said East Indies and other the Places aforesaid in foreign and other Ships,

intending the re to load Goods, and to bring them into Europe and land them in foreign Parts out of his Majesty's Dominions, to the great Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom and the Diminution of his Majesty's Customs and other Duties: All which Practises being considered, his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, then Guardian of the Realm of Great Britain, and his Majesty's Lieutenant within the same, was pleased on the eighteenth Day of October which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Sixteen, to issue forth a Proclamation (amongst other Things) fttidfly charging and commanding all his Majesty's Subjects not to serve on board any foreign or other Ships, with foreign Commissions and Colours, hound to or from the East indies or any the Parts aforesaid; directly or indirectly to visit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffic or adventure into or from the said East indies or other the Parts before mentioned, contrary to Law: But notwithstanding the Prohibitions contained in the said Acts of Parliament and Proclamation, and in Defiance of the same, several evil disposed Persons have gone on to procure and obtain several foreign Commissions or Passes, and under Colour thereof or otherwise have fitted out and manned several english and other Ships or Vessels, and have failed with or sent out the same toofences again!

trade and traffic in the East indies or other the Parts aforesaid:: to the Intent that such coi ufive, laasare fraudulent and illegal Trade and Practises maybe prevented, and that so considerable and beneficial a Branch of Trade may be secured to this Kingdom; Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excel x/togc/^" lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, C 52. in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any of his Majesty's Subjects shall, After Feb. 20, from and after the twentieth Day of February in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and 'I noncftall eighteen, fail, go or repair to or be in the East indies or Parts aforementioned, or any of them, contrary fnd, 0esth&c ran to the Laws now in Being or contrary to the Tenor of this Act, every such Person and Persons so offending trzry to thel.a vl shall be liable to such Punishment, as by any Law or Laws now in Being may be inflicted for such Offence, now in Being.

II. And to the Intent that such Offender and Offenders may be brought to Justice, 'It is hereby The east-india enabled. That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the United Company of Merchants of England trading company may to the East indies, and their Successors, to take, arrest and seize, or cause to be taken, arrested and seized, )ze such Per- such Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at any Place" '. or Places, or where he or they shall be found within the Limits or Places aforesaid; the Person and tbcre to answer' Persons so taken, arrested and seized, to send and remit to England, there to answer for the Offence afore for the Oflhnce. said, according to due Course of Law.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, After Feb;

from and after the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, shall procure, so lrl£"s licit for, obtain, or act under any Commission, Authority, or Pass from any foreign Prince, State or po any commission tentate whatsoever, to sail or go, or trade in or to the East indies, or any the Parts aforesaid, every such from any foreign. Person or Persons so offending herein, shall incur and forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five hundred pnnce. C to Pounds. trade to the East indies, C ilinij Forfeit 500 1.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall or may be sued for and forfe!ti, res. ho', r recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or otherwise,

wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall be allowed, nor any more than one impar an dlp04 1 iance; one half part of which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of such Person or Persons as will inform or sue for the same; and the other half part to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

V. Provided always, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed, Not to frejuo ics deemed, or taken to extend, to restrain or prejudice such Trade or Right of Trade or Navigation within 'j16 Somb sea any Part of the Limits aforesaid, as the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to

the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, now are entitled unto; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force for five Years, Continuance of and from thence to the End of the next session of Parliament, and no longer. [Continued by 9 Geo. r. ', llsa, r!'

C 26. febt. 10. for seven Years from March one thousand seven hundred twenty-three, and further continued by 5 Geo. 2. c. 29. for seven Years from May one thousand seven hundred thirty-two, and by 20 far/bcrprcvfaxs Geo. 2. c. 47. to 25 March one thousand seven hundred and eighty.] concerning East

hdics, 7 Geo. 1. c. 5 si.9 Geo. 1. c. 26. 3 Geo. 2. c. 14 2c. 12 Ga, 2. C 22. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 27 Geo. 2. c. 9. 1 Geo. 3. c J

Geo. I, C

C 22, 23. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

CAP. XXII.

An act for enlarging the Time to determine Claims on the forfeited Estates.

s' 4 I. WHEREAS by an Act made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for W V fling the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public; and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bring ing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till sold, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Commissioners and Trustees therein named, or any four or more of them should, and they are thereby required and empowered to hear, determine and adjudge, all and every Claim or Claims which then were, or should within the Times therein mentioned, be entered, as soon as conveniently might be, before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen: And whereas it is (by the said recited Act) further enacted, That every Claimant, who shall not acquiesce and rest satisfied in the Judgement, Determination, or Decree of the said Commissioners and Trustees may,

within the Time therein mentioned, appeal from and present Exceptions thereto, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; for the determining such Appeals, it is thereby also enacted, That it should be lawful for his Majesty, by Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland respectively,

to nominate, appoint and authorise, any five of the Judges of England, Scotland and Ireland respectively 4 (the major Part whereof to be a Quorum) which should be Courts of Delegates and of Record in England,

Scotland and Ireland respectively, to hear and determine such Appeals, and to affirm, repeal, alter or re

5 verse the Judgments, Determinations or Decrees of the said Commissioners and Trustees; all which Appeals should be by the respective Courts of Delegates, finally heard and determined before the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen: And whereas by reason of the great Num her of Claims made and entered on the said forfeited Estates, very many of them will, on the said twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, be left unheard and undetermined Be it enacted, &c.

The Time for hearing Claims enlarged to June 24, 1720, and from thence to the End of the next Session. 44 The King may appoint five of the Judges to be a Court of Record. The Time given to the Courts of Delegates enlarged to Sept. 29, 1720, and from thence to three Months after the End of the next Session "Time for discovery of any concealed Debts, &c. enlarged to 24 June 1720. and from thence to the End of next Session. And the Discoverers entitled to the Benefits of the Adb X Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 50. The "Courts of Delegates to appoint Registers, Clerks, &c. who shall be sworn. And shall have such Salaries, 54 as the Treasury shall judge reasonable. To be paid as directed by the AS 4 Geo. 1. c. 8. The Courts of Delegates may remit to the Commissioners such Claims as they shall think proper, who shall proceed as "directed by the Delegates. But Claimants may appeal from such subsequent Proceedings. The Deal "in England may determine Appeals relating to Estates in Ireland. And their Determination shall "binding. Any three of the Commissioners residing in England., &c. shall be a Court of Record in Ireland, "and their Decrees shall be valid. Persons pretending Title to Estates teifed in Scotland, and that the Persons attainted were not possessed thereof; or that they have Right to such Estate as Superior or vastal, by virtue of 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 20. may present their Exceptions to the Court of Sessions in Scotland, before Aug. 1, 1719, which Court shall determine the same in a summary Way before Nov. X 1719. If' 44 it appear that the attainted Persons had such Estate, or that the Claim of the Party excepting should have been entered by virtue of 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 50. it shall not be determined by the Court, but as by 4 " Geo. 1. c. 8. is directed, unless the Party excepting claim by 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 20. The Commissioners shall make proper Defences. If no Exceptions be presented, as above, all Rights, &c. shall be void. Decrees of the Court of Sessions shall be final. No Advocation, &c. shall be granted, and no Summons, &c. issuea by the said Court, or any other, for levying the Rents, &c. at the Instance of any 41 Persons but the Commissioners. Superiors and Vassals shall pay a proportional Share of the Debts of at- tainted Persons. 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 20. All Claims entered within the Times appointed, as well "those signed by Attorneys, &c. as by the Parties the.nselves, shall be determined according to their validity. 4 Geo. 1. c. 8. Offices of Keepers of his Majesty's Houses, &c. in Scotland, whereof any at "rerson was possessed on June 24, 1715, and all Rights, &c. shall be at the King's Disposal, 44 Also all Rights of Patronage of Churches, &c. which belonged to any attainted Personas above, shall belong to his Majesty, &c."

EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for appointing a Commissioner and Trustee to put in Execution the Powers and Authorities of the several Adds of Parliament relating to the forfeited Estates, and Estates given to superstitious Uses, in the Room of George Treby, Esq; who fus desired to be diteharged from the said Trusts.

EXP.

The forfeited Estates, &c. which by Geo. 1. c. 8. were veiled in George freby, Esq; and not sold before March 25, 1719, and all Powers, &c. shall be transferred from him and veiled in Charles Long, Efo; his "Heirs, &c. Commissionsr absenting from such Office for three Weeks, without Order or content of four Commissioners, shall forfeit 5001, to be stopped by the Treasury out of his Salary.

C 2 4'

233

Anno quinto Georgii Regis.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

26.

ti Oo. 1.

EXP. C 29. 13 Geo.

1. C 27. 3

Geo. 3. e. so. jceo. 1. e, 30.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Amir, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread 3 and for continuing the Act made in the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for the better Encouragement of the making Sailcloth in Great Britain.

WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found beneficial and useful, 51 it, 3.

W are expired or near expiring; Therefore for continuing the same, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made gacn^'0lg hi the Session of Parliament, held in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, inti continued"by' tuled. An alto regulate the Price and Assize of Breads which was to continue for three Year's, and from 1 Geo. 1. ft, thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which at was further continued by an Act made in thee far, her

first Year of his present Majesty King George, for three Years, and will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall continue and remain in full Force, with such Alterations as were made in and to the "End of by the said at passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Term of five Years, and the then next from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament., Session of

Parliament.

Continued by 12 Geo. 2. 0.46-'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Session of Parlia theaa 12 An. meat, held in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne., intituled, An Act for the better en couragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue for the Term of seven Years, vcn Years, and and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall be continued ami remain in full Force, thence to the for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament. ["Farther End of tt, en«t continued for seven Years by 10 Geo. 1. c. 17. fc£t. 3. and by 20 Geo. 2. c. 45. j fument°spar"

Farther continued by 33 Geo. 1. c. 17, See farther 31 Geo. 2. c. 29. 32 Geo. 2. f 18.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof.

WHEREAS great Quantities of Gunpowder are frequently lodged and kept in ware houses 2-

and other Places in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, 1 °JJC z' C s ' to the apparent Danger, if not utter Ruin and destruction of several public Offices, and of the Lives

and Fortunes of many thousands of his Majesty's Subjects For preventing the Mischiefs aforesaid, Be

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fi{ter Au, r same, That from and after the first Day of Augifl one thousand seven hundred and nineteen it hall noti, Q'f above be lawful for any Person or Persons to have or keep more than six hundred Pounds of Gunpowder, each 600lb. of gun hundred containing five Score Pounds net Weight, at any Time in any store house, ware house, qrp°wder other Place, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them, or within the Suburbs there notbc kep[ inf of, or within three Miles of the Tower of London, or within three Miles of his Majesty's Palace at St. cy. Vendor^or within two Miles of any Magazine now erected for keeping Gunpowder, belonging to his Westminster, Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the life of the Public, C By n Geo.

1. C 25. rot

more than 200 lb. is to be kept, C see 22 Geo. 2. c. 38.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of An TV Jmiicer gif one thousand seven hundred and nineteen it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of his

Ada j?eaj[ (wt

Majesty's Justices of the Peace, living within any of the Limits aforesaid, to summon before them any Per Gunpowder, 0 son or Persons dealing or trading in Gunpowder, or who shall be suspected to have in his orand examine their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons, in any store them upon Oat j. house, ware house, or other Place within the Limits aforesaid, and to examine such Person or Persons upon Oath touching the prenn'sses; and in case of Refusal to be examined, to commit such Person or Persons refuflns Persons to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or Mainprise, until he, he or they hall con «> Vol. V II h form bs conu:

234 C. 26. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

without Bail till form or submit to answer, and be examined, as aforesaid; if it shall appear upon such Examination, thty conform, t r by the Oaths of any two or more credible Witnesses, (which Oaths such Justices are hereby empowered Persons having and required to adminsterj that such Person or Persons have or hath in his, her, or their Custody or Posies gun'e tvdeb' of^on' at any one ace within the Limits aforesaid, more than six hundred Pounds of Gunpowder, as w'ithinvhe^aid aforesaid, such Justices shall forthwith cause all and every the Persons aforesaid carefully to remove the Limits, the ju same out of the Limits aforesaid; if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglectc to remove such ftices ftiaii cause Gunpowder out of the Limits aforesaid, by the Space of twenty-four Hours after Notice of any Order them to remove majest>y any such Justices for Removal thereof, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every Fetfons refusing Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every hundred Pound of Gunpowder, with full to forfeit 20s. 'costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall, within six Calendar Months next after such Notice, for every ooit. inform or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's to the informer..courts of Record at tvejhnitiftir, wherein 119 eitoin, Privilege, Protection, Order of Restraint, Wager of.

Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

Two Justices

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any two or more majesty's Justices of the Peace, living within the Limits aforesaid, after the first Day of August l^any Store one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, from Time to Time, to issue their Warrant or "Warrants for searching in the daytime any store house, ware house, or other Place, used for keeping Gunpowder within the Limits aforesaid, and for that Purpose to break open any such store house, ware house, or other Place aforesaid, if there shall be Occasion; and that every Person who shall oppose or hinder any such Search shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, within six Calendar Months next after the offence committed, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no eitoin, Privilege, Protection, Order of Restraint, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in case more than six hundred Pounds of Gunpowder, as aforesaid, shall upon Search, be found in any store house, ware house, or other Place aforesaid, such Justices shall forthwith cause the same to be carefully removed out of the Limits aforesaid, at the Charge of the Owner or Owners of such Gunpowder, or other Person or Persons having the Custody or keeping thereof, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering the Overplus to the Owner.

house, Szc.

Opposing such Search forfeits

si

if.moie than 600 lb. be found in any store house, the Justices nv'y caife it to be removed

at the Expense of the Owner.

After the said

IV. And for preventing the dangerous Carriages of Gunpowder in and through the Streets of London Aug 1, above ark] Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after powder shall not ay August one thousand seven hundred and nineteen. It shall not be lawful for any Per

be carried at a son or Persons to carry or convey, in or through any of the Streets or Lanes within the Cities of London Time in the and Westminster, or either of them, or within the Suburbs thereof, more than twenty hundred Pounds of streetsolloe Gunpowder, each hundred containing five Score Pounds net Weight, at a Time; and that all Gunpowder), gc. der which shall be carried or conveyed in any Carts or Carriages in or through any of the Streets or Lanes Andihallbein aforesaid, after the Time aforesaid, shall be carried in covered Carts or Carriages, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder is carried shall be close jointed and hooped, and shall be put into Bags or cases barrels"ibalfbe of Leather or Canvas; and Gunpowder carried by Man or Horse shall be put into Cases of Leather or put into Bags, Canvas, and entirely covered therewith, so as that no such Gunpowder be spilled or scattered in the passage thereof; and if at any Time after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and nine

lf carried by teen, any Gunpowder shall be carried or conveyed by any Person or Persons, in or through any of the Man or Horse, Streets or Lanes aforesaid, in any greater Quantity, or in any aether manner, than as aforesaid, all such gun shall be put into powder shall be forfeited, and shall and may be leifed by any Person or Persons to his or their own 'Use tet Ac Lea' and Benefit, the Person or Persons so offending being thereof lawfully convicted before two Justices of the

utr, C Peace.

Gunpowder

carried otherwise shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Person to his own Use,

Not to extend to the king's store houses, C

Persons sued may plead the general Jilue, C

and shall recover Itcble Costs.

V. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed

to extend in any wise to affect any store house or Magazine belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, wherein Gunpowder or other Stores shall be kept for the Use of the Public, or to hinder the proving or trying Gunpowder by his Majesty's Officers, as is usual, for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to the carrying of Gunpowder to or from any of his Majesty's Magazines, or with Forces in their Marches.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this present Act, in every such Case such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act' and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance or by the Authority of the said Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Action, after Issue joined, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 26. 235

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Suits, Actions and Prosecutions to be brought, com Aflionstobe menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything done or to be done in pursuance or by bought in the Authority of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced and prosecuted, without wilful Delay within six Calendar Months next after the fat committed, and not otherwise.

VIII. And whereas it may be necessary that new ware houses for keeping Gunpowder should be 6 created in some Place or Places out of the Limits aforesaid, at convenient Distance from the City of Lon don, and from whence sufficient Quantities of Gunpowder may with greater Safety be supplied, as Occasion requires: And whereas there are large tracts of march and meadow Grounds in the Counties of Essex, Kent and Surrey, where new ware houses may be commodiously erected, such marsh and mea

5 duw Grounds being at good Diilance from dwelling houses or Habitations, nd therefore, and by rtafon of their Adjacency to the River Thames, are convenient for such Warchcufes; but forasmuch as any Person or Persons who may be desirous to cre£t any such Warehouses there, may be liable to Actions or dhturbance on that Account, or may be unreasonably imposed upon in the rurchafe thereof: ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of ejjfex, Kent The Justices fi and Surrey, respectively, shall at their general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said Counties ^fiex kenta* respectively, appoint some proper and convenient Plot or Plots of Ground out of the Limits aforesaid, not exceeding two Acres, in any one Place in each County, being situate in the said Counties of Essex, improper Kent or Surrey, and adjacent to or near the Raver Thames, on which Plot or Plots of Ground so to be ap Places, on which pointed, It shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons desirous so to do, to erect any ware house anrr>crfon may or ware houses for keeping Gunpowder, first agreeing with the Owners and Proprietors of the said Ground for the same; and m case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect to agree, or by agree]n'g with reason of any Disability or Impediment cannot so aggree, the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties the Owners, of Essex, Kent and Surrey respectively shall, at their general quarter sessions, issue their Warrant or War Ownprs reb: rlr, rants to the Sheriffs of the said Counties respectively, to impanel and return before them, at such Times or<j; fablci! to ° and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, a sufficient Jury, who upon their Oaths agree, the joili (which Oaths the said Justices respectively are hereby empowered to administer) shall inquire into the true ces may issue Value of the said Plot or Plots of Ground so to be appointed for Gunpowder ware houses as aforesaid; to the and all such Verdict and Inquisitions shall be kept with the Records of the said Sessions respectively; and the Judgments and Decrees of the said Justices respectively thereupon shall be final and conclusive toinqnhv into the all Parties; and to that End the said Justices respectively shall have Power to send for any Person or true Value of Persons interested, and to examine any Parties or Witnesses upon Oath, as they shall think fit (all which the Ground; Oaths the said respective Justices are hereby empowered to administer)) the Sum or Sums of Money and tt, e just; CES to be aftelled and adjudged as aforesaid, not exceeding thirty Years Purchase, shall be paid to the respect decrees thereon tive Proprietors and Owners of the said Ground, according to their respective Interests therein, to be shall be final, adjudged by the said Justices respectively as aforesaid; upon such Payment, or in case of Refusal to The Money accept the same, then upon leaving the same with the said respective Justices for the Benefit of such Owner air=ffed shall or Proprietor, the Inheritance of the said Plot or Plots of Ground shall be vested in the Purchasers thereof he paid to the % and theirs Heirs and Assigns, for the Purposes aforesaid; the ware houses aforesaid, and all other Proprietors; ware houses for Gunpowder, which shall be erected on or near the River Thames, shall be built and fecu re°"fai red, from Time to Time, in such manner as shall be prescribed and directed by the principal Officers of accept it, left his Majesty's Ordnance. with the justices and the

Inheritance shall be verted in the Purchasers. The ware houses to be built. Scc, as directed by the Officers of the Ordnance.

IX. And whereas several Leases, Covenants, Articles and Agreements have been made and granted to several Persons of ware houses and store houses for keeping of Gunpowder Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Leases, Covenants, Articles and Agreements, made or en tred into as aforesaid, of any such ware houses or store houses within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, shall, if the Tenants or Lcflecs shall desire the same, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as absolutely as if such Leases, Covenants, Articles and Agreements had never been made or granted; any Law, Act, Statute, Provision, Custom, Matter or Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided, That nothing herein contained shall discharge any Rent due on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, or any Demand for Breach of any Covenant before that Time.

Arter Aug. t, 1719, all Leases, &c. of ware houses for Gunpowder, e. shall, if the Lessees desire it be void.

This Act shall not discharge any Rent due before March

Farther Pnv'jiom concerning Gunpowder, 11 Geo. 1. c. 23. 4 Geo. 2. c. 29. 15 Geo. 2. c. 3s. 22 Geo. 2. c. 38.

25, 1719. 29 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Anno quinto Georgii Regis

A.D. 1718.

236 C 27.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to prevent the Inconveniences arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts.

jqmrnded by 23 Geo. C 13.

WHEREAS diverse ill disposed Persons, as well Foreigners, as subjects of this Kingdom by Confederacy with foreigners, have of late drawn away and transported, and have also made diverse Attempts to entice, draw away and transport several Artificers and Manufacturers of and in Wool, Iron, Steel, Brass and other Metals, clock makers, watch makers and diverse other Manufacturers of Great Britain, out of his majesty's Dominions into foreign Countries, by entering into Contracts with them to give them greater Wages and Advantages than they have or can reasonably expect within this Kingdom, and by making them large Promises and using other Arts to inveigle and draw them away:

And whereas there is great Danger that, by means of these and suchlike Practises, many great and profitable Branches of the Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom may be transplanted into foreign Countries Therefore for the preventing the like Practises for the future. Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any time fd tco uaftin* hereafter any Person or Persons shall! contract with, entice, endeavour to persuade or solicit any ma witho°enticing!nufacturer or Artificer of or in Wool, Iron, Steel, Brass or any other Metal, clock maker, Watch -- &c.any artificer maker or any other Artificer or Manufacturer of Great Britain, to go out of this Kingdom into any foin Wool, iron, reign Country out of his Majesty's Dominions, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof upon any indict c. to go into a mentor Information which shall be preferred or brought against him or them in any of his Majesty's . shan be fined not Courts at Westminster, or at the Assizes or general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the Peace for exceeding iool. the County, Riding or Division where such Offence shall be committed, the Person and Persons so convict for the first Of shall be fined any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds for such first Offence, according to the discretion of the Court in which such Conviction shall! he, and shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months, and until such Fine shall be paid; and if any Person or Persons, having been once convict as aforesaid, shall offend again, and be so convict a second Time of the like Offence, then and in such Case the Person so convict a second Time shall be fined at the Discretion of the Court where such conviction shall be, and be imprisoned for twelve Months, and until such Fine shall be paid.

fence and be imprisoned for three Months.

And for the second Offence shall be fined discretionally and imprisoned for twelve Months.

Prosecution in

II. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences afore twelve Months said, unless such Prosecution shall be begun within the Space of twelve Months next after such Offence atccrthe offence. fj, a]] be committed.

After May r, _

III. And i, e jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of his Majesty's subjects within ficer9'0^ny bto" this Kingdom, being such Artificer or Manufacturer as aforesaid, shall, at any Time after the first Day a foreign con a/fly in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, go into any Country out of his

try, there tn ex majesty's Dominions, there to use or exercise, or to teach any of the said Trades or Manufactures to so ereife his Trade, reigners, or in case any of his Majesty's subjects now being, or who hereafter shall be in any such foreign ?nd.n°5 r«urn' Country out of his Majesty's Dominions as aforesaid, and there using or exercising any of the said Trades after" Warning or Manufactures herein before mentioned, shall not return into this Realm within six Months next after given him by the Warning shall be given to him.; by the Ambassador, Envoy, Resident, Minister or Consul of the Crown of ambassador, e. Great Britain in the Country in which such Artificer shall be, or by any Person authorised by such ambassador. Envoy, Resident, Minister or Consul, or by one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State for the shall beincapa Time being, and from thenceforth continually inhabit and dwell within this Realm; then and in such be of tricing Case every such Person or Persons shall be from thenceforth incapable of taking any Legacy that shall be any Legacy, C jevjfecj to within this Kingdom, or of being an Executor or Administrator to any Person or Persons Forfeit all his within this Kingdom, and shall be incapable of taking any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within Lands, C and this Kingdom by Descent, Devise or Purchase, and a]so forfeit all his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, be deemed an Goods and Chattels within this Kingdom, to his Majesty's Use, and shall from thenceforth be and be Alien. deemed and taken to be an Alien, and shall be out of his Majestyh Protection.

Justices of Peace

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May may, on Corn one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, upon Complaint made upon Oath before any Justice or Justices plaint of any of the peace, that any Person or Persons is or are endeavouring to fcduce or draw away any such Manu sif aev^rue facturer or Artificer as aforesaid out of his Majesty's Dominions, for any the Purposes aforesaid, or that their Warrant any such Manufacturer or Artificer as aforesaid hath contracted, promised or is preparing to go out of his for the appro majesty's Dominions for any of the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful hending of the to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace unto whom such Comp aint shall be made, to send forth Offender, and j^js Warrant to bring the Person and Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his appear at the majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division or City; and if when such Person aifi2es, cor Persons shall be so brought before such Justice or Justices, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties so brought before him or them, that the Party so complained of was guilty of any of the said

1

2 37

Offences, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and Justices to bind the Person so charged to appear at the next Assizes, General gaol delivery or quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding or Division where such Offence hail be committed, to answer the Premises, with reasonable Sureties for such his Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall refusel crfons refuting or neglect to give such Security, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice'0 ejvc fucil Southeast' and justices to commit the Person or Persons so refusing to the county gaol, there to be kept until the'" " r" "^next Assizes or next quarter sessions of the County, City, Riding or Division where such Commitment shall be, at the Election of such Justice of the Peace, and until he, he or they shall be delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any such Artificer or Manufacturer shall be convict upon any Indictment to Persons convict be preferred against him at such Assizes or general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the Peace as afore^al vc S said, of any such Promise or Contract, or Preparation to go abroad beyond the Seas, for any of the Put pj^tiitking 4* noses aforesaid, then and in Rich Case the Person so convict shall give such Security to his Majesty, hissom, or b im heirs and Successors, not to depart out of his Majesty's Dominions for any of the Purposes aforesaid, asprisoned till! such Rich Court hall think reasonable, and shall be imprisoned until such Security shall be given. Security given.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the abovementioned Offences Offender, in shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall be prosecuted in the Court Scotland to bs. of Judiciary or the Circuits there. 0, ° tcre of

Judiciary or Circuits there.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the further Punishment of such Persons as shall unlawfully kill or destroy Deer In Parks, Paddocks, or other enclosed Grounds.

I. llfhereas in Defiance of the Laws already in Being, several disorderly and riotous Persons 3 & 4 W.UM,

have of late, in great Numbers, with armed Force, entered Parks and other enclosed Grounds' i0,

where Deer are kept, whereby Bloodftied and Murder hath frequently happened, and great Mischiefs 5 q°0'

may ensue For the preventing and Punishment of which Offences, Be it enacted by the King's mostfoc. ij. Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com after May i, mons, in this present Parliament assembled, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first 1719. Persons Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, enter into any Park, Paddock or other inclosedconvicted ofen grountl where Deer are usually kept, and wilfully wound or kill any Red or fallow Deer there, without p|njjlni0 any. the Consent of the Owner or Owners of Rich Park, Paddock or enclosed Ground, or of the Person orbing 0, 'an Persons entrusted with the Care or Custody of such Park, Paddock or enclosed Ground, or shall be aiding wounding any or assisting in the committing of any such Offence, and being indibted for any such Offence before any Deer, without' Judge or Justices of gaol delivery for the County wherein such Park, Paddock or enclosed Ground shall Consent of the lie, and shall upon such Indictment be by Verdict or his own Confession convicted of any such Offence,

the Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be sent, as soon as conveniently may be, to some offtaute mnf" his Majesty's Plantations in America for the Space of seven Years; and the Court before whom such often ported for seven der or Offenders shall be corividled, or any subsequent Court held at the same Place with like Authority Years as the former, shall have Power to convey, transfer, and make over such Offenders by Order of Court, to the Use of any Person or Persons who shall contrabl for the Performance of Rich Transportation.

II. Provided that nothing herein contained shall be expounded, deemed or taken to repeal, alter or'i'*, is aftshall make void any former Law or Statute now in Being, made or intended for the Punishment of deer steal jr&c'

ers: And provided also, That where any Offender shall be punished by Force of this Act, and according Gw against to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, he shall not be prosecuted nor incur any Penalty for the same Of deer steal fence by Force of any other Law or Statute whatsoever. ers

Offenders punished by this Act, shall not be again prosecuted for the same Offence. Farther provj/ions relating hereto, 8 Gee, j, C 19.9 Geo. L C 22. 10 Gcj»

2. C 32, 26 Geo. 2. c. 2, 28 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for making more effectual the Laws appointing the Oaths for Security of the Government to be taken by Ministers and Preachers in' Churches and meeting houses in Scotland.

I. WHEREAS sundry Persons, Expedlants of Divinity, have presented themselves to Prefby'

teries in Scotland, in order to obtain Licences to preach in Churches, or being ordained Mi ' nifters of the Church of Scotland, without taking any Oath or Declaration whereby their Affection to his Majesty's Person and Government, and to the Settlement of the Crown in the Protestant Line, might be known: And whereas also diverse Persons have preached and performed other Parts of Divine Wor ' hip in meeting houses in Scotland, who do not take the Oaths and Declarations appointed by Law to be' taken by Pastors or Ministers of the epifcc pal Congregations there, nor do pray for his Majesty King

C 29. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

George, nor for their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of jvi.les and their Issue; all which Means Men disaffebted being licensed or suffered to preach, may and do sow the Seeds of disaffedhoit amongst the People: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament Persons haying assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person who has obtained Licence, and tes ted preach" been admitted to preach by any Presbytery in Scotland, and has not taken the Oaths to the Government, in Scotland, or who, C i or after the lint Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, shall present himself and have not to be tried as to his Qualifications to be licensed or admitted to preach, or to be ordained a Minister of the taken the Oaths Church of Scotland, shall, before the said Day, or his obtaining such Licence to preach, or being admitted

hr nt" cr°\vho or ordaij.ed to be Minister, take and subscribe, before and in the Court of the Lords of Session, or the

after june i. Court of Justiciary, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before the Justices of the Peace at their 1719, thril quarter sessions held for any Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough III Scotland, or before Sheriffs or Stew

jarefent them arts, or their Deputies, in open Court held for their Shire or Stewartry, within which Shire, Stewartry,

C n fed to^teach or ^orgus^ respectively such Person has Residence, or within which the Presbytery to which he shall

r r 'present himself, in order to enter upon his Trials for obtaining a Licence or being ordained, shall be like the fol held, the following Oath:b

lowing Oath

in the Court of the Lords of Session, C

The Oath. T do trljly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify and declare in my Confidence, before God

J. and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King George is lawful and rightful King of Great Britain, 6 and all other his Majesty's Dominions thereunto belonging; and I do solemnly and sincerely declare,

That I do believe in my Confidence, that the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease pretending to be and taking upon himself the Style and Title

of King, of England, by the Name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of 'king of Great Britain, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the

Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereto belonging; and I do renounce, refuse and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him; and 1 do swear, That I will bear faithful and true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and him will defend to the utmost of my L ower against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person and Government; and I ' will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty and his Successors all Treason and traitorous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be against him or any of them; and I do faithfully promise to the utmost of my Power to support, maintain and defend the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the Body of the late Princess Sophia, Electoress and Duchess of Hanover, being Protestants, ' against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever: And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgement, Abjuration. Renunciation and Promise heartily, willingly and truly.'

So help me God.

which Courts Which Courts respcbllvely shall from Time to Time administer the said Oath to such Persons as shall fheva me'"and*" tener themselves to take the same; and the Clerks of such Courts respectively where such Oaths shall be the Ckvks grant taken, shall grant Certificates bearing the Day and Date of taking such Oaths, and Names of the coni certificates.pay missioner of the Peace present, and the Name and Description of every Person who shall take such ing 2s. for each. oaths; for which Certificate there shall be no more paid than two Shillings.

The Certificate

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person, who shall present t^bo^k odf the in or^er to Trial for obtaining Licence to preach, or to be ordained a Minister of the Church of Sheriff C 6 Scotland, shall, before he obtain such Licence or be ordained, cause to be record in the Book of the Sheriff or stewart court, within the Jurisdiction of which is the Seat of such Presbytery where he shall present himself, a Certificate of his having taken and subscribed the aforesaid Oath in manner as above directed.

No Persons shall

III. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall take upon him to preach, C in preach, read Prayers or perform any Part of Divine Service in any episcopal meeting house or Congrega 'convrcgation in t'on' where the Number of nine or more Persons shall be present, over and besides those of the same Scotland, but Hpushould, in Scotland, or to supply the Place of any Pastor or Pastors, Minister or Ministers, in any such such who shall episcopal Congregation or meeting house, but such who shall pray in express Words for his most excel p"y for lent Majesty King George, their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales and their Issue, and and who (h ui 1°*w*10 have taken and subscribed the said Oath in one or other of the Courts of Session, Justiciary or have taken Jthe Exchequer in Scotland, or before the Justices of the Peace at their quarter sessions, or Sheriffs or Stewarts said Oath. of any Shire or Stewartry, in open Court as aforesaid; which any such Person or Persons is ref; dent, or the meeting house where he shall take upon him to preach or perform any Part of Divine Service is situated; Oaths the said. Judges, Justices, Sheriffs or Stewarts shall administer; the Clerks of the Court respectively shall grant Certificates in the same manner as above directed in the Case of such as coffer themselves to Trial in order to obtain Licence or be ordained.

Any Expcstant.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Expectant of Divinity, hereby f Divinity pre -- directed to take and subscribe the Gath aforesaid, shall prdlune lo present himself, or sue or apply to any tenting hini&if Presbytery 3

3

Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C. 29. 239

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety not exceeding a half year's^0'1*1'^ i10* s Parishes respectively concerned, of such Penalties as shall be incurred by virtue of this Act, to C dl!p0'

Presbytery or Church Judicature, in order to be ordained or Licensed to preach, without having caused toto be ordained, be recorded, as aforesaid, a Certificate of his having before taken the Oaths as above directed, he shall bec. without tillable to six Months Imprisonment, and shall be incapable of enjoying any Benefice, Glebe or

by virtue of any Presentation, Call or other Settlement, as a Mimfler of any Parish, for the Space of j^tenthe one Year, to be reckoned from the Time that he shall take the Oaths after having obtained Licence too.uhs, shall be preach; and all civil Magistrates are hereby empowered and required to hinder any such Person to preach liable to six in any Church within their Jurisdictions rel pedlively; or if any Person or Persons ill a 11 prefuine to preach Jlor, hs 'poor perform any Part of Divine Service in any episcopal Meeting: house in Scott, nd, without praying in Words express for his most Excellent Majesty King George, their Royal Highnesses the Prince and prin any Baneiict, ° cess of jvalcs and their ili'ue, or without having first taken the aforesaid Oath in manner above directed, C every such Person or Persons shall be liable to six Months Imprisonment; and every meeting house where such Offence shall be committed, shall be shut up for six Months.

V. And be I "

Stipend Ot the*.ninv. y ...wv., iu.u, \> o no Mi. n..up % ..i uj vnu. ivi, ^'CQ\ 1

shall belong and go to such Person or Persons as shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction the pera fons offending; and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and the said Moieties respectively of the Penalties aforesaid shall be recoverable by way of Action or sum mar Complaint, without abiding the ordinary Delays of Process, in any Court of Law within Scotland; and no Advocation or Sufpcnlion, or other Stop of such Prosecution, before any inferior Court, shall he of any Force or.effbift in Law, unless upon Production of a Certificate that the Person prosecuted has taken the Oaths above directed.

VI. And whereas diverse Ministers of the Church of Scotland have, upon certain Mistakes, omitted to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Assurance appointed to be taken and subscribed by an act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person i Geo. r. ft. z, mid Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; C. 3* and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, within the Times and Terms, therein mentioned, whereby the Penalties and Incapacities in the said Act con ch'"jc "* "stained have been incurred: And whereas his Majesty is most graciously pleased to pardon and dischargei, nd acquitted of the said Penalties and Incapacities Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and the Offences of every Minister of the Church of Scotland shall be acquitted, pardoned, released and discharged of the of prejthingwith fences of having preached without taking and subscribing the said Oaths and Assurances, and of all itr _ sutures. Penalties and Disabilities incurred on that Account, by virtue of the aforesaid or any other a£loa, h5j ff of Parliament. of the Foifoi

tures, Sec, incurred by the recited Act.

VII. And be it also further enabled. That all and every Person, who now is or shall hereafter be or n, je dained or admitted a Minister of the Church of Scotland, (excepting such who have taken and subscribed the Oaths and Declarations appointed by the last mentioned Statute) shall, on or before the first Day ot june i, '1719/ June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, or before their being ordained or admitted Minister of any take the Oath of Congregation in Scotland, take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance and the Assurance, as in the said aist Allegiance, ft;, is mentioned, and also the Oath of Abjuration herein before directed to be taken and subscribed in lieu of the Oath of Abjuration formerly required by Law; and that in such manner, before such Judges, in such Courts, and to be certified as therein or herein is before mentioned, and under such Penalties and Dif bl lities, as in and by the said al made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in and by the said Acts generally therein mentioned, is directed, with respcfft to the Oaths and Declarations contained in the laidc' W at; all and every Minister who shall, in purfuarice of this Act, take, or who has, 'in' purfuatice urtrafe" hereof any former at of Parliament, taken the said Oaths, shall caulc a Certificate thereof to be entered in the.obe en'r, e IV Books of the Sheriff or stewart courts within the Bounds or Jurisdictions of which lies the Parish of the Sheriff's which he is Minister; and the Clerks of the said Courts are hereby required to enter such Certificate, and Books, &<, grant Extracts thereof to such as shall require the same, without any Fee or Reward, other than two Shillings for every such Certificate or Extract.

VIII. And whereas great Obstructions have been made to the planting, supplying or filling up of vacant Churches in Scotland with Ministers qualified according to Law, Patrons presenting Persons to.

Churches who are not qualified by taking the Oaths appointed by Law, or who being settled in other Churches cannot or will not except of such Presentations To the End that such Inconvenienciqs, may be prevented for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any 'Patron shall.

present any Person to a vacant Church from and after the said first Day of June one thousand

hundred and nineteen, who shall not be qualified by taking and subscribing the said Oath in manner vacant chm.h aforesaid, or shall present a Person to any Vacancy, who is then or shall be Paffor or Minister of any other any Person not Church or Parish, or any Person who shall not accept or declare his Willingness to accept of the Prefen s "alj*'eij» c tation and Charge to which he is prefehted, within the said Time, such Presentatiop shall not be ac k -

any Interruption of the Course of Time allowed to the Patron for presenting; the Jus dcvo e. an Imerrup. lutum shall take Place, as if no Presentation had been offered; any Law or Custom to the contrary not tion to the 'withstanding. Course of Tima.

allowed the Patron to present.

240 C 30. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

Nothing herein

IX. And be it also further declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice or dimi shall prejudice nish the Right of the Church, as the same now Hands by Law established, as to the trying of the quali the Rights of ties of any Person presented to any Church or Benefice.

the Church

as to trying the Qualities of Persons presented*

CAP. XXX.

An Act for amending and making more effectual the Laws for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ai! the Laws 5 J, WHEREAS there are some Defers in the Laws already made for the better repairing of High, mdu in Scott y, ways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so that they are not effectual for the pur the union* for poses they were intended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with repairing the the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Highways, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Laws and Statutes now in Force, made in that Bridges and par Of Qreaf Britain called Scotland before the Union of the two Kingdoms, for or concerning the repair here Wittered n Highways, Bridges and Ferries, not hereby alcereu or repealed, shall be duly put in Execution ac (lau be put cording to the Tenor of the said Laws, excepting such Adds, or any of them, or any Parts thereof made in Execution, before the Union, as do relate to or concern the Powers of the Privy Council of Scotland.

except such

as relate to the Powers of the Privy Council.

The Justices of

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Sup peace and com ply for the Time being, in the several Shires and Stewartries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland., nmthonerr^of meet and convene at the respective head boroughs of the said Shires or Stewartries upon the third

convene every tuesday of May next to come, and thenceforward upon every such third Tuesday of May from Year to 3d or May, to Year, with Power to them or any five of them, to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and to elude choose Clerks, Clerks, Surveyors and Overseers and all other Officers necessary for putting the Laws in Execution in re surveyors, lation to the Highways, Bridges and Ferries in that Part of the united Kingdom and if any Clerk, sure' veyor or Overseer, who shall be appointed or chosen by the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of

clcii/'&c r0 supply or any.live of them as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept of or take upon them any of the Offices chosen, and ° aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so refusing shall be subject and liable to the Penalty of five Pounds refusing to Sterling respectively.

accept of the

Office, shall forfeit 5]. Sterling.

The said ju

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices, Commissioners, or fliccs. See. shall the Officers or Overseers to be appointed by them, shall he and they are hereby authorised and required to nants Cottars ca ani convene t^le Tenants, Cottars and other labouring Men within their respective Bounds as afore a: C to worksl hid, to work three Days before the last Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred three Days be and nineteen, not being in seedtime, and likewise to work three Days after Harvest; so yearly and fore the last twery Year, until the said Highways, Bridges and Ferries are Efficiently repaired, on such Days, and at of June, and such Places, as the said Commissioners or their Officers aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint.

three Days 1 r

after Harvest, yearly, till the Highways, &c. are repaired.

Tenant, tec.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Tenant, Cottar or labouring failing to work, Man, who shall fail, neglect or refuse to come to work at the respective Times and Places to be appointed shall pay 18 d. as aforesaid, (due Notice being given at the respective Parish churches where any such Person or Persons fahur^unkfs5 save 'heir Residence, upon the lord's Day immediately preceding) shall be subject and liable to pay he find one to eighteen Pence respectively for every such day's Failure, unless such Person or Persons send a Efficient work for him. Man or Men to work for him, her or them; which Penalty or Penalties shall be raised and levied by a Penalty to be Warrant under the Hands of any two or more of the said Justices of Peace or Commissioners of Supply, raised by Di upon a Certificate under the Hand of the Overseer or other proper Officer, that such Person or Persons refs was or were absent; which Justices or Commissioners aforesaid are hereby authorised and empowered to cause their Officers to distress and poynd the readiest Goods of any Person or Persons so absent, for the Penalty or Penalties aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner, the necessary Charges of such Distress being deducted.

Surveyors. V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyors and Overseers of the Highways to survey every aforesaid shall, every ux Months after their Acceptance of their Office, from Time to Time, or sooner hi"bwalss&c reclu rsd thereto, by Warrant under the Hands of any two or more of the Justices of the Peace, er and give^an Ac vey t^le Highways, Bridges and ferries within the Parish, Town or Precinct where they are survey count of their ors, and give a particular and true Account in Writing of the State and Condition of all such Highways, Condition, C Bridges and Ferries, and more especially of such Defects or Nufances made, or Encroachments commi t tto the Justices, tecj upon (he said Highways or any Part thereof, as also what Repairs or Amendments the said Highways do want, to the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply at their iitft Meeting the reafter; that

241

A.D. 1718. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. C 31.

the said Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply may have full Information of the State and Condition of all the said Highways, Bridges and Ferries within their respective Shires and Stewartries, to the end that the several Laws made in that Behalf may he duly executed; and all Surveyors and Overseers northeast jjbij 10 the glcdling to give such Account as aforesaid, or to profecule such as offend against this Act, shall fuft er the fct.c pcn.itics same Penalties as if they refused to execute the Offices aforesaid* 'elfins

to execute the othce.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace, and commissioner of Supply, in their respective Shires and Stewartries aforesaid, shall and are hereby authorized, p'a

and required to draw up a Report of the State and Condition of the Highways, Bridges and Ferries, within the state of the their ref petshve Bounds yearly, containing an Account of the Number of Men and Horses that have been Highway, C employed in the Repairing and Amending such Highways, Bridges and Ferries, as aforesaid, within thea ld deiivcrn respective Bounds, for the Year preceding; which Report the said Justices and Commissioners aforesaid vja rr shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to deliver to the Rords of his Majesty's Justiciary at their C ?cuts, to their Circuits, to be recorded in their Journals (beginning with the first Circuit, which shall be in the Year ie recorded in of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and so forth yearly) by the Hands of the Clerks of journals, the Commissioners of Peace, or by the Clerk of the Supply of their respective Bounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties in this Act (other thanpc"ai)ies.' tow such as shall be incurred by the Tenants, Cottars, and other labouring Men, by reason of their failing to, 4° \; ed cdai111 work on the respective Days to be appointed, as aforesaid) shall be raised and levied by Sentence of the apr ie Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, or any rive of them; and the Expenses of the Prosecution shall be carried on and defrayed by the respective Shires and Stewartries aforesaid, at the Suit of such of the Surveyors or Overseers as the said Justices raid Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint; and such Penalties being so levied, shall be and are hereby appointed to be applied for repairing and' amending such Highways, Bridges or Ferries, in the respective Shires or Stewartries where such Penalties' shall be incurred, as the justices of the Peace, or the Commissioners of Supply shall appoint, and in Default of such Appointment, for repairing and amending such Highways, Bridges or Ferries, as the Lords of Justiciary in their Circuits shall direct.

VIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be punished for any Offence against this Probation Act, unless such Offender be prosecuted for the same within one Year after the said Offence shall be com with, n.on year

r after the Ol

lllltted. fence.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for making the said Act more effectual.

I. IX WHEREAS an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty 9 & 10 w. 3.

King William the Third, intituled, An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the hythe"at Colchester to Wivenhoe, which Act'was made to continue from the first Day of May one'f^'j'.'1'1 ' thousand six hundred ninety and eight, for and during the Space of one and twenty Years, during which cj30> '"

Term certain Duties are by the said Act laid upon such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes for the Pur 3 4 poses aforesaid, as in the said Act are mentioned, upon the Credit of which Act the Commissioners there in appointed, have, pursuant to the Authority thereby given, borrowed Moneys for the more speedy and effectual completing the said Work; but the said Duties falling short, there hath not been sufficient raised thereby either to perfect the said Work, or to pay the whole Money borrowed for that Purpose;

but the Sum of one thousand and two hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, doth now remain due to the Ex 4 ecutor of William Hewer, late of Clapham in the County of Surrey, Esq; upon Security of the pre misses; which cannot be repaid, nor the said Channel be effectually repaired and amended, according to the Intent of the said Act, unless a further Provision be made by Parliament, and the said Act be made more effectual May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted, fife. 44

The recited Act continued from May 1, 1719, till May r, 1740. The Duties granted by this Act shall be one Moiety of the Duties granted by the former Act, and shall be charged on all such Goods,

44 &c. and raised in such manner as by the said former Act. The Duties hereby granted, to be a Secu rity for Repayment of the Money due to the Executor of William Hewer, Esq; In case of Death,

44 &c. of the Commissioners, the Survivors to nominate others. Theffidayor, dsfr. of Colchester may en- gauge the Profits for any Term not exceeding 21 Years for fecufiri'g the Repayment of any Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Work. Where Ballad shall be taken, and how much strall be paid for it. Ballast may be taken of other Persons, paying id. per Tun to the Collector of the Channel duties. Mailers, &c. taking Ballast otherwise, shall forfeit 10/, The Mayor, &c. of Colchester may make and ule a track path from Wivenhoe to the Hythe on one Side of the River, and from Fingrinhoe to the Hythe on the other Side, first agreeing with the Proprietors of the Land; and if the Proprietors refuse or are disabled to agree, the Commissioners may issue their Warrant to the Sheriff of f./tex, to impanel

C 32. Anno quinto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1718.

"a Jury to assess Damages and Recompense to be given to the Owners, tsv. And the Commissioners shall give Judgement for the Sums so assessed. Goods landed or loaded at any Wharf below ivi "venhoe, subject to the Duties. No Commissioner shall have any Place of Profit arising by the said Du "; nor farm any Key, its.c, Thirteen Commissioners to be at each Meeting. This Aift shall not ex "to Corn, call the Moneys shall be applied to the Uses hereby directed. Commissioners to "bear their own Charges." P R,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for Relief of such Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers, as have settled in either of those Islands, and made due Proof of such Settlement before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

-5 anne. 13. ' WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Amu, For tess. C y, y the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for other Purposes therein roen

1 tioned, a Sum of one hundred three thousand and three Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence, is appointed to be distributed to and amongst such Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Islands of Nevis and ' St. Christophers, who sustained Losses by the late Invasion of the French there; which sum was given for making good the Encouragement given to the said Sufferers to resettle their Plantations in the said Islands, to prevent the great Damage which the Crown might otherwise sustain by the total Loss thereof; ' which Losses of the said Sufferers were to be examined into, and Debentures made out for the same, by the commissioners for the Affairs of trade.and Plantations, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of De 1 cember one thousand seven hundred and eleven, in such manner as in the said Act is directed; and some Doubts and Difficulties arising concerning the Distribution of the said Bounty, another Act passed in 10 Ana, C 34.*the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for explaining several Clauses in the said former Act for the Relief of the said Sufferers.: And whereas farther Doubts and Difficulties have arisen upon the said Acts, to the Prejudice of several of the said Sufferers, in respect of their not having resettled in the very same Island or Plantation wherein they respectively sustained their Losses; it is but just and reason able that all such of the said Sufferers who did, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, by themselves, their Agents or Representatives, settle or resettle

either of the said Islands, should have a proportional Share of the said Bounty Be it therefore en: aided, isv.

"the proprietors of Plantations and Inhabitants of the said Islands, who have been Sufferers and tefettled "there before Dec. 25, 1711, shall be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Bounty appointed by the "recited Acts."

EXP.

See farther % Geo. I. C 20. /. 43. 13 Geo. IC. 3, f. io

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnae Britannia?, Francis &bHibernia?, sexto.

'6 AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth day of March, Anno Domini ' A one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord*JL Cab GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the faith, lac. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twenty-third Day of November one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, being the fifth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty. 3s. in the Pound

EXP.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. 2 — 4.

2+.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to call in such Exchequer bills as are to be cancelled and discharged with Money appointed for that Purpose.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for enabling the south-sea Company to increase their present capital Stock and Fund, by redeeming such public Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned, and for raising Money to be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Encumbrances.; and for calling in the present exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for forth new Bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near lkic debtih^d the Exchequer. SSST

For farther Pro

I. Tf TOSSED Gracious Sovereign; Whereas as well within or during the respective Reigns of several ofvisionsconcan ' j.yx your majesty's Royal Predecessors, as also fmee your majesty's happy Accession to the Throne jne t'; 5 Matters of this Realm, diverse Acts of Parliament now in Force have been made and passed, whereby several ^q.' "

public Duties, Revenues and Incomes, have been granted or continued in Perpetuity, or for some - i.' ' Estate, 'Perm or Interest now in Being; and all or moult of the said public Duties, Revenues and in C 1, 5, 28.

main The several pub

subject to a Power of Redemption by Parliament, as hereafter in and by this Act is more particularly and 1 Geo. expressed; is to say, By one Ad of the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King ft. - C 8.

William and Queen Mary., intituled, An Act for granting to their Majestics certain Rates and Duties of Ex + & & M

cife upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Ail men C 3'

turned, to such Persons as frail voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the jvar againfil France, certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, were granted to the Crown for the Term of ninety-nine Years, which commenced from the twenty-fifth Day

of January one thousand six hundred ninety-two; and by virtue of the same Ad, and diverse subsequent Acts relating thereunto, the said' Rates and Duties of Excise, so granted by the said Act of the fourth Year of their late majesty's Reign, do now Hand charged (amongst other Things) with several Annui tics amounting to one hundred twenty-four thousand four hundred and nine Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence per Annum; Part of which Annuities were purchal ed upon a Term of ninety six Years,

which commenced from the twenty-fifth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety five; and another Part thereof upon a Term of eighty nine Years, which commenced from the twenty-fifth Day ' of January one thousand seven hundred and two; and during the respective Remainders of the said re

Teams are payable to the respective Proprietors thereof, according to the Nature of their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, whereof some are in pofl effior, and others to take eff ed in Reversion, or by way of future Interest: the said Rates and Duties of Excise originally granted for the said Term of ninety-nine Years, have been continued and made perpetual by several Acts of Parliament since made and parted, for several Uses and Purposes therein expressed. Amd by one Ad of the W M ' fifth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for\\q, " 1

granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale,

and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the jvar against France, several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and vessels were laid for four Years, which commenced from the first Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety four: and several additional Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, commencing from the seven teenth Day of May one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, were granted to their said Majesties,

their Heirs and Successors, and by virtue of the Ad lair mentioned, and of diverse subsequent Acts re 1 lating thereunto, towards raising the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, the said'

Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and vessels, and the said additional Rates and Duties of Ex

1 cife, granted by the said Act of the fifth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, or two seventh Parts of .3, 5 W k M ' the said additional Excise, do now stand charged (amongst other Things) with several Annuities IO,

amounting to fifteen thousand two hundred thirty-six Pounds and twelve Shillings per Annum; Part of "which Annuities last mentioned were purchased upon the Term of ninety six Years, which commenced from the twenty-fifth Day of January one thousand six hundred and ninety five; and another Part there of upon the Term of eighty nine Years, which commenced from the twenty-fifth Day of January one

244 C 4. Anno sexto Georg II Regis. A.D. 1719.

thousand seven hundred and two; and during the respective Remainders of those Terms are payable to the respective Proprietors thereof, according to the Nature of their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, whereof some are in Possession, and others to take Effect in Reversion, or by way of future In 12 & 13 W. 3. ' tercft. And by one Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, inti

C 1' 4 tuled, An Act for appropriating three thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly, out of certain Branches of Excise

for public Uses, and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions, it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, for and during the Term of live Years then next ensuing, the full, clear and entire weekly Slim of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, out of the hereditary Duties of Excise, and other duties of Excise therein mentioned, and every or any of them, should be brought and paid into the Receipt of Ex 7 Ann. flat. i. ' chequer, for the Purposes in that Act expressed And by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of

C 7* ' her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of j her Majeflys Hoifhold, and the

e Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the duties of Excise thereby granted during her majesty's Life, together with the said hereditary Duties of Excise, were subjected to the said weekly Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, during the said Term of five Years; and after the Expiration thereof, so much

Money, as together with certain Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, should

make up a.sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds for every Week during her Majesty's Life, was thereby appointed to be taken out of the said Hereditary and other Duties of Excise therein mentioned,

or any of them; and the said Payments of three 'Pounds per Centum per Annum being deducted out of the Hereditary Part thereof, the Residue of the said three thousand seven hundred Pounds per Week was thereby directed to be applied and disposed for the public Use and Service. And by an Act of the

- &3 Ann. C C second Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting an Aidto

5 her Majesty for carrying on the jvar, and other her majfly's Occassions, by selling Annuities at several Rates,

and for such respective terms and Efates as are therein mentioned, it was enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, the said full, clear and entire

weekly Sum of three thousand and seven hundred Pounds, out of the said Hereditary Duties of Excise,

and other Duties of Excise therein mentioned, or any of them, should from Time to Time for ever be brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer; and by virtue of the same Act and diverse subsequent Acts relating thereunto, the said weekly Payments do now stand charged (among diverse other Things)

with several Annuities amounting to one hundred four thousand seven hundred fortyfive Pounds ten.shillings and sixpence half penny'/tr (over and above twelve hundred Pounds per Annum, for Charges of paying the same Annuities) which Annuities last mentioned were purchased upon a Term of ninety and nine Years, reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four,

and during the Remainder of that Term are payable to the several Proprietors thereof, according to the Nature of their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, whereof some are in Possession, others

3 ti Ann. C 4 to take Effect in Reversion, or by way of future Interest. And by an Act of the third Year of the Reign

of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, jor

carrying on the present jvar, several Annuities, amountilg to forty six thousand f ounds per Annum, were purchased for a Term of ninety and nine Years, reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, at the Rate of fifteen Years Purchase, and during the Remainder of that Term are payable to the several Proprietors thereof out of the Moneys arising by the said weekly Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, or some Part thereof, according to the Tenor of the

Ann. C 6. 4 Act: last mentioned, and other Acts of Parliament in that Behalf. And by an Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of

Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise,

and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other jvays and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six,

and other Xjfes therein mentioned, several Annuities, amounting to one hundred eighty-four thousand two hundred forty-two Pounds fourteen Shillings per Annum, were purchased for a Term of ninety-nine Years, reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, at the rate of fifteen Years and an half's Purchase; during the Remainder of that Term, are payable to the several and respective Proprietors thereof, out of the Moneys arising of or for the several Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of or for the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders, and the several Rates, and Duties of Excise, by that Act appointed to be paid into the Exchequer, from Time to Time, in 4.such Manner and Form as by that Act are prescribed in that Behalf: And the said additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage (commonly called the one third Subsidy) and the said additional Duties of Excise, have severally been continued, and made perpetual by several Acts of Parliaments since made and j Acb. C ig. ' passed, for several Uses and Purposes therein expressed. And by an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits of the fiyjl Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on fiampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Tannage and Poundage; and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain.

Overplus Moneys, mid othervj fe, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty* for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed, several Annuities, amounting to seventy two thousand one hundred eighty seven Pounds ten Shillings per Annum,

were purchased for a Term of ninety-nine Years, reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven, at the Rate of sixteen Years Purchase; and during the Remainder

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4. 245

of that Term are payable to the several and 'respective Proprietors thereof, out of the Moneys arising by the several Rates and Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits of the first: Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen, and the Duties upon Sweets, and the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and an additional Subsidy thereby granted or continued, for such respective Terms as are therein mentioned, and out of the respective Overplus Moneys of other Annuity Funds, and other Moneys by the same act chargeable with the Payment thereof, in such Manner: and Form as are thereby prescribed in that Behalf; and the said several Duties on Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen, and the said Part of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the said late Duties on Sweets, have severally been continued and made perpetual by sundry acts of Parliament since made and pasted for several Uies and Purposes therein expressed. And by an act of the sixth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen 6 Ann. C

'Anne, intituled, An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand ' f even hundred and eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, to ariseby appropriating several Surphtfes, and by granting further Terms in the Duties 1 on Low Wines, and on Hawkers., Pedlars and petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the one third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of the Excise, cmd by making other Provision in this Act mentioned,

several Annuities, amounting to forty thousand Pounds per Annum, were purchased for a Term of ninety nine Years, reckoned from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, at the like Rate of sixteen Years Purchase, and during the Remainder of that Term are payable to the several and respective Proprietors thereof, out of a yearly Fund or Sum of forty thousand Pounds per Annum, by !' that act established and charged upon such Surplusses or Overplus Moneys, and further Grants of several Duties and other Provisions as are therein mentioned for answering the same. And by another A CL of the said sixth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing Ann C j

one half Part of the Subfdics of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and ly other I Says and Means, for Payment of Annuities not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one i' thousand fven hundred and eight, and other Uses therein expressed, several Annuities, amounting to eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, were purchased for a Term of ninety-nine Years, reckoned from the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eight, at the like Rate of sixteen Years 1 Purchase, and during the Remainder of that Term are payable to the several and respective Proprietors thereof; and are by the same act charged upon the Moneys arising from Time to Time of or for the half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties thereby granted or continued for a Term of Years therein mentioned, and other Moneys thereby appointed, for Payment of the same Annuities in the Manner and Form thereby prescribed; and the said half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage hath since been continued and made perpetual by an act of Parliament since made and pulled, for several Uses

Purposes therein expressed; all which Annuities herein before mentioned to be payable during the respective Remainders of the said several and respective Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years,

and ninety-nine Years, do by Computation, amount in the whole, to six hundred sixty six thousand hundred twenty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum, or thereabouts.

1 And whereas by an act of Parliament made and pasted in the eighth Year of the Reign of her f.iid late 8 Ann. C 7,

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities; and for cjflablishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to rait'e nine hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and (in default thereof) by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, several Annuities amounting to eighty oiie thousand Pounds per Annum, were purchased fora Term of thirty-two Years, reckoned from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, at the Rate of nine Pounds per Annum for every one bun dred Pounds, and proportionality for any greater Sum advanced or paid 5 and during the Remainder of the said Term of thirty-two Years the same Annuities are payable to the several and respective Proprietors.

thereof, out of a yearly Fund or Sum of eighty cne thousand Pounds by that act established, and charged upon new Rates and Duties of Excise, and new Duties upon Pepper, Raisins, Nutmegs, Cinnamon,

Cloves, Mace and Snuffs thereby granted, and other Provisions thereby made, for answering the same yearly Fund in the Manner therein mentioned. And whereas by another act of Parliament made in the,

'eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anns, intituled, An Act for continuing Part of arn,

the Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon floufes having twenty windows, or i more, to raise the S urn of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, certain additional or new Duties were imposed upon Coals, Culm and 1 Cinders, and upon dwelling houses, for the Term of thirty-two Years, reckoned from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; and a yearly Fund of one hundred and thirty-five thousand Pounds was thereby established, during that Term, for Payment of such lottery annuities as should be founded upon that act, and be payable upon such Tickets as were thereby prescribed. And pursuant to an act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for redeeming the Fund Geo. 1. c. 13.

appropriated for Payment of the lottery tickets, which were made forth for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, by a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the capital Stock of the South -- ' Sea Company, and for raising a Sum of Money to pay off such Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned;

and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sefjum of Parliament, and to limit Times for prosecutior.s

upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice, the yearly Sum of eighty seven thousand three hundred forty

two

246

12 Ann. Stat. 1 C 11.

12 Ann. Stat. 1 C 9.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 1. C 2.

1 Geo. 1. c. 1 si.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence (Part of the said yearly Fund of one hundred and thirty iwe thousand Pounds) hath already been purchased by the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; the same eighty seven thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence per Annum, together with one thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and six Pence per Annum more, for Charges of Management, is already added to the yearly Fund or Annuity of the same Corporation; and the yearly Sum of forty six thousand two hundred sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny (being the Residue of the said yearly Fund of one hundred and thirty-five thousand Pounds) is, during the Remainder of the last mentioned Term of thirty-two Years, payable in feveraf lottery annuities, and upon pay tickets for the same, which were not subscribed upon the said act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, which yearly Sums herein before mentioned to be payable during the respective Remainders of the said several Terms of thirty-two Years, do together by Computation,

amount to the Sum of one hundred twenty seven thousand two hundred sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny per annu?n, or thereabouts. And whereas several principal Sums, amounting in the whole to sixteen Millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts, are secured by several Acts of Parliament, for which Interest moneys or Annuities at several Rates are payable at the public Charge, till the satisfying of the said prin cipal Sums, or Redemption of the Funds charged with the Payment of such interest moneys or Annuities,

according to the Tenor of the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; that is to say, The Sum of five hundred sixty three thousand three hundred Pounds doth, on the nineteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, remain unsatisfied to complete the Sum of six hundred thirty-three thousand and ten Pounds principal Money, which by virtue of Letters Patents of her late Majesty Queen Anne, bearing date the thirteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, grounded upon. ' an Act of Parliament of the twelfth Year of her Reign, intituled, An Act to raise tzvehe hundred thousand Pounds for public Uses, by circulating a further Sum in exchequer bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be appliedfor or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned, was charged with an Imereti after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon a £ yearly Fund of thirty-five thousand Pounds, payable at the Exchequer during the Term of thirty-two Years from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, out of the Revenues in the same Letters Patents mentioned; which yearly Fund is redeemable upon paying off all the Principal and In ' tcreft charged thereupon; the Sum of one million fifty-five thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds doth, on the two and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, remain unfa tisfied to complete the Sum of one million one hundred fifty seven thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds; which in respect only of the 'Pickets commonly called the Blank Tickets, drawn in the Lot ' tery for raising fourteen hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, was charged with an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

upon the yearly Fund of one hundred sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds and twelve Shillings, payable at the Exchequer out of certain Duties on Sope, Paper, Linens, Silks, Calicoes, Stuffs,

1 Starch, exported Coals, and upon flampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, granted for thirty-two Years,

from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, by two acts, one of the twelfth

Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties an Sope and Paper,

and upon certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch, exported Coals, and upon Stamped Vellum,

Parchment and Paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lotttery for her Majesty's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made jvares of Leather, sheep skins and lamb jhins; and for Disfribution of four thousand Pounds due to the Officers and Seamen for gun money; and to acljifil the Pro ' perty of Tickets in former Lotteries, and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capita! of the south-sea Com.

and for appropriating the Moneys granted to her Mnjefy, and the other of the first Year of yourmajesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners of the land-tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for raising so much as n wanting to make up the Sum of fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, attended to be raised by a Lottery for the public Service in the said Year, or by one of the Acts last mentioned; and the Sum of six hundred fifty-two thousand and twenty Pounds doth, on the two and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen,

remain unsatisfied, to complete the Sum of seven hundred nineteen thousand and forty Pounds, which in respect only of the Tickets, commonly called the prize tickets, drawn in the Lottery last mentioned,

was charged upon the said yearly Fund of one hundred sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds and twelve Shillings, with an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which yearly 1 Fund last mentioned is also redeemable upon paying off all the principal Sums and A rears of Interest due thereupon. And several Sums amounting to one millon seventy nine thousand Pounds principal Moneys were advanced for the Use of the Public, pursuant to two several Acts of Parliament of the first Year of your Majesty's Reign, th one for raising nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds upon a Fund of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, and the other for raising one hundred and sixty nine thousand Pounds upon a Fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, charged 1 ' upon the Aggregate Fund, and other Provisions therein mentioned; for all which Emms so amounting g ' to one million seventy niue thousand Pounds, the Contributors, and those claiming under them, are in titled to several Annuities at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable by the Cashier of I,

the Bank of England for the Time being; and the same Annuities at that Rate amount to fifty-three

thousand

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4. 247-

t thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum foyer and above six hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum allowed for Charges of Management) but are subject to Redemption at any Time upon one Year's 1 Notice, and Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal Sums last mcni oned, and of all Arrears of the same Annuities (if any be then due). And by or in pursuance of an at of Parliament made in the third Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Ut venues which 3 C " o. 1 r were settled to pay off Principal and Inter cjl on the Orders made forth on Jour lottery acts paffd in the ninth raid tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the hereditary Excise, according to a former Ail in that Behalf, and for cjlabhshing a gen rat yearly Fund, not only

for the future Payment of Annuities at severed Rates, to be payable and transfei ruble at th Ban, of England and redeemable by Parliament; but also to raise Moneys for such Proprietors of the said Order;, as hall chuff to be paid their Principal and Arrears of interest in.ready ftf/t. y; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments, as in this Act are mentioned, and frr taking off the Duties on Linseed imported and British Limn exported, several Annuities or yearly Sums, after the Rate of sir e Pounds per Centum per Annum, amount ing in the whole to the Sum of four hundred seventy six thousand seven hundred seventeen Pounds seven teen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, are payable by the Cashier of the Bank of Englandiox the Time being for several principal Sums which remained due and unsatisfied on the said four lottery als, and for one Moiety of the Debt which was due to certain Bankers and others, and for Interest made Principal pursuant to the at last mentioned, amounting in the whole to nine millions five hundred thirty-four thousand three hundred fifty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings; that is to.say, on the Add for the ten Pounds Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand9 Anne e seven hundred and eleven, the Sum of one million six hundred seventy two thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds and ten Shillings; on the al for the class lottery of the same Year the Sunt of two9 Ann. C in millions five hundred sixty three thousand seven hundred sixty eight Pounds and four Shillings; and on the Act for the ten Pounds Lottery for the Sendee of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve 10 Ann. C '? the Sum of two millions two hundred ninety-two thousand three hundred sixty seven Pounds and seven Shillings; and on the Act for the glass lottery of the same Year the Sum of two millions three hundred 10 Anne 2eforty six thousand seven hundred fortyfive Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence; and for the said Moiety of the Debt which was due to the Bankers and others the Sum of six hundred fifty eight thousand six hundred fifty-four pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence three Farthings. And by or in pursuance of the said Act of the third Year of your majesty's Reign several Annuities or yearly Sums, after the Rate 3 Geo. i. C 7. of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to the Sum of one hundred two thousand thirty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and twopence per Annum, or thereabouts, tyre payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being for several principal Sums amounting to two millions five hundred fifty thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, or.lhere about; that is to say, two thousand six hundred seventy two Pounds and ten Shillings per Annum, or thereabouts, for Moneys contributed by Tallies of Sol to satisfy the Principal and Intereil, amounting to sixty six thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, which remained unsatisfied upon the Register of Loans founded upon the Act of Parliament for the Duties on low Wines, and other Things therein mentioned, which expired on or about the twenty-fourth Day of June one Ann. C 4, thousand seven hundred and fourteen; thirteen thousand eight hundred seventy one Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, for Moneys contributed by Tallies of Sol to satisfy the Principal and Interest, amounting to three hundred forty six thousand seven hundred ninety three Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence, which remained unsatisfied upon the Register of Loans founded on the act of Parliament for the Duty on Candles, which expired on or about the first day of May one9 Ann. C 6,

thousand seven hundred and fifteen; twenty thousand three hundred sixty five Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, for Moneys contributed by Tallies of Sol to satisfy a Deficiency,

which (when adjusted) appeared to amount to five hundred nine thousand one hundred twenty seven Pounds five Shillings and sixpence, to make good your majesty's Supply for the Year one thousand seven 13 Geo. 1. c. 3, hundred and sixteen; hundred sixty seven Pounds sixteen Shillings and nine Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, for Moneys contributed by Tallies of Sol to satisfy several Bills of Exchange, amounting to twenty-four thousand one hundred ninety five Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny, drawn for the Service of the Expedition to Canada, sixty four thousand one hundred fifty-nine Pounds nine Shillings and eleven Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, for the principal Sums, amounting to one million six hundred three thousand nine hundred eighty seven Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny halfpenny;

contained in Army Debentures certified on or before the.one and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen by the proper Officer appointed to make forth such Debentures pursuant to the several.alsof Parliament in thatbehalf: All which Annuities or yearly Sums, computed or to be com puted after the said respective Rates of five Pounds per Centum per Annum and four Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue or in pursuance of the said al of the third Year of your majesty's Reign are payable out 3 G; 0 - of a certain yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, commonly called the General Fund, established by the same act; the Payments whereof and making good all Deficiencies thereupon are secured by the several Duties and Revenues by that a.dl granted and made perpetual, and by several Appropriations and other Provisions therein specified; the same Annuities are redeemable upon such Notice or Notices and such Payment or Payments to be made, as in and by the said al of the third Year of your majesty's Reign are prescribed. And by or in pursuance of.a certain Clause contained in the at for the land-tax passed in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, one or more Annuity or Annuities amounting to the Sum of five 5 Geo. 2. c. 1.

thousand five hundred fifteen Pounds and twelve Shillings - or thereabouts, after the Rate of five

a

24-3 C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

Pounds per Centum per Annum, were made payable by the said Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being out of the said general Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, to the Treasurer of your majesty's'Navy, for the Service of the Navy and Victualling thereof, to make good a Deficiency of one hundred ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence in the same act expressed;

which Annuity or Annuities last mentioned are also charged on the said general or yearly Fund, and be payable at the Bank of England as other Annuities payable out of that Fund, until the Redemption thereof S oso.t. C 24.c by Parliament. And by or in pursuance of another A 6! of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled,

A private Act. 4 jifffor fjjl, Relief of Edward Client, Esq; Executor of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas c\ex\t, for an Army De

venture lojl in the pay office, one or more Annuity or Annuities amounting to twenty-three Pounds eight Shillings and threepence Farthing per Annum, or thereabouts, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, became payable by the said Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being out of the said general Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the principal Sum of five hundred eighty-five Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny, Hated to be due on a lost Debenture mentioned in the same Act; which Annuity or Annuities were also thereby made payable until the Redemption thereof by Parliament: And 5 Geo. i. C 3. 4 by or in pursuance of another Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled,

4. An Act for applying certain Overplus Moneys and further Sums, to be raised as well by way of a Lottery as by

Loanst, towards paying off and cancelling exchequer hills, and for leffiening the present great Charge in relation to those Bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Rtf due of the same Bills for the future,

several Annuities, amounting in the whole to the yearly Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, after the Rate 13 Geo. 1. c. 3. £ of four Pounds Centum per Annum for the principal Sums, amounting to five hundred thousand Pounds,

contributed to a Lottery founded upon that Act, are payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England for

5 the Time being out of a yearly Fund of twenty thousand Pounds thereby charged (among! other Things)

upon the Duties and Revenues thereby denominated the Aggregate Fund, subject nevertheless to a Proviso of Redemption, upon such Notice and Payments as by the act last mentioned are prescribed. And by or in

5 Geo. 1. c. 9. ' pursuance of another at made in the said fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for conti

1 lining certain Duties upon Coals and Culm, and for establishing certain Funds to raise Money, as well to proceed

in the Building of new Churches, as also to complete the Supply granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the Over

C plus Moneys of the said Duties for the Disposition of Parliament; and for more effectually suppressing private 4flotteries, the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, towards your majesty's Supply, j Geo. 2. C S. e was raised by a Lottery; which Sum, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till Repayment of the Principal, is thereby secured to be paid at the Exchequer in the Course therein mentioned, by and out of a yearly Fund of thirty thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds and fourteen Shillings, thereby settled for thirty-two Years, reckoned from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand Even hundred and nineteen, and charged (among! other Things) upon certain Duties on Coals and Culm thereby granted or appropriated: So that all the principal Sums for which interest moneys are payable out of the said redeemable Funds or Securities carrying Interel! at the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, till Satisfaction of the same principal Sums, do amount to one million fifty-five thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds, or thereabouts; and all the principal Sums for which Interest moneys are payable out of the said redeemable Funds or Securities carrying Interel! at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till Satisfaction of the same principal Sums, do amount to one million seven hundred fifteen thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds, or thereabouts, and all the principal Sums for which the said Annuities are payable out of the said redeemable Funds or Securities at the said Rate of five Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, do amount to ten millions seven hundred twenty three thousand six hundred seventy Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence three Farthings, or there about; and the Annuities payable for the same at the Rate last mentioned, do amount to five hundred thirty-six thousand one hundred eighty-three Pounds ten Shillings and sixpence three Farthings per Annum, or thereabouts, till the Redemption thereof; and all the principal Sums for which the said Annuities are payable out of the said redeemable Funds or Securities at the said Rate of four Sounds per Annum for everyone hundred Pounds, do amount to three millions fifty-one thousand five hundred and one Pound fifteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts; and the Annuities payable for the same at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, do amount to one hundred twenty-two thousand and sixty south-sea Com Pounds one Shilling and five Pen caper Annum, or thereabouts, until the Redemption thereof. And whereas pany willing to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of take m, either yimer[ca^ and for encouraging the Fishery, are willing, at such Time or Times as thejt shall find convenient, Subscription °aii before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twentyrone, to take in, either by' Purchase or any of there or Subscriptions, all or any the abovementioned Annuities, payable during the respective Remainders of Annuities before the abovementioned Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years and ninety-nine Years, (in this act 1 March 1721, ' before computed to amount in the whole to six hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum, or thereabouts) from the respective pro without Com prietors thereof (and without any Compulsion on any of the said Proprietors) at such Price and Prices as pulsion on any of shall be agreed between the said Company and the respective Proprietors of those Annuities; and where any the Proprietors. < Of the Annuities so payable during the Remainder of any of the said long Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years and ninety-nine Years, do or shall belong to several Persons or Corporations having particular Estates or Interel! therein (in pofi eftion, Reversion or by way of future Interel!) who will voluntarily agree together to depart with such their particular Estates orlnterests, that so the said Governor and Company;

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4, 249

may lawfully take in Aieh Annuity or Annuities during the whole Remainder of the said respective Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years or ninety nip; ifears, the said Governor and Company, in nil such Cases, are willing, at such Time or Times as they shall find convenient, before the said firltr of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, to take in, either by Purchase or Subscriptions, inch parti cular Estates or Interests, whereby the said Annuities for the whole Remainder of the said long Terms rc

spectively may effectually he taken in, according to the true Meaning of this Act, _ at such Price or Prices

as shall be agreed between the said Company and those Proprietors: Provided the said Governor and Com The conaiti ns pany, for every Annuity (Part of the said Annuities computed to amount in the whole to six hundred ch tfce sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum,

C or thereabouts) so to be taken in by them, may, in lieu thereof, have an Addition made to their Capital vcral annuitiest e stoek after the Rate of twenty Years Purchase, and such respective Additions (in respect thereof) to their L C present Annuity or yearly Fund, secured to be paid for such line, and out of such Duties and Revenues as are herein after prescribed and appointed, until the Redemption thereof according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present Act. And the said Governor and Company are willing, at such Time or Times as they shall see convenient, before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty one, to take in, either by Purchase or Subscriptions, all or any of the abovementioned lottery annuities in this Act computed to amount to forty six thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penn; per Annum, or thereabouts, for the 'Perm of twenty-three Years, reckoned from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and the pay tickets for the same, from the respective Proprietors thereof, at such Price or Prices as shall be agreed between the said Company and the respective Proprietors of those Annuities. And where any of the lottery annuities so payable during the said Term of twenty three Years, or the pay tickets for the same, do or shall belong to several Persons or Corporations, who will voluntarily agree together to depart with all the pay tickets for any such Annuity for the said Term of twenty-three Years, the said Governor and Company, in all and every such Case and Cases, are willing,

at such Time or Times as they shall see convenient, before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, to take in the same, either by Purchase or Subscriptions, at such Price or Prices

as shall be agreed between the said Company and those Proprietors: Provided the said Governor and Company, for every such lottery annuity so to be taken in, may have an Addition made to their Capital Stock after the Rate of fourteen Years Purchase, and such respective Additions to their present Annuity or yearly Fund secured to be paid for such Time, and out of such Duties and Revenues as are herein after prescribed and appointed in that Behalf, until the Redemption thereof according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present Act. And the said Governor and Company are also willing, at such Time or Times as they shall see convenient, before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, to take in, either by Purchase or Subscriptions, all or any the abovementioned Annuities (before in this Act: computed to amount to eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts) for the said Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year, reckoned from Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, or for the Remainder of that Term which shall be to come and unexpired at the Quarter day next preceding the taking in the same from the respective Proprietors thereof, without any Com ' pulsion on any such Proprietors, at such Price or Prices as shall be agreed between the said Company and the respective Proprietors of those Annuities. And where any of the Annuities so payable during the said Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year, or such Remainder thereof, do or shall belong to Several Persons or Corporations having particular Estates or Interests therein, who will voluntarily agree together to depart with such their particular Estates or Interests, so that such Annuity or Annuities may efleetually be taken in for the said whole Time or Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year, or such Remainder thereof, the said Governor and Company in all and every such Case and Cases are willing, at such Time or Times as they shall see convenient, before the said first Day

of march one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, to take in the Lame, either by Purchase or volim tary Subscriptions, at such Price or Prices as shall be agreed between the said Company and those Pro 1 prietors: Provided the said Governor and Company, for every such Annuity so to be taken in, may have an Addition made to their capital Stock after the like Rate of fourteen Years Purchase, and such respective Additions, in respect: thereof to their present Annuity or yearly Fund, secured to be paid for such Time and out of such Duties and Revenues as are herein after preferi: ed and appointed in that Behalf,

until the Redemption thereof according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present Act. And the said Governor and Company are likewise willing, at such Time or Times as they ball see convenient,

before the fuft Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one (but subject to such Notices for Redemption as are herein after mentioned) to take in all and every the said redeemable Debts and An act' nuities (the principal Sums whereof are in this Act before computed to amount to sixteen millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings ynd one Penny Farthing, or i thereabouts) either by Purchases, taking Subscriptions, or paying them off by the said Governor and Company: Provided the said Governor and Company may have an Addition of one hundred Pounds to

their present capital Stock for every one hundred Pounds of the principal Moneys so taken in by them,

and proportionably for greater or defier Sums, and so as such Additions be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company as shall be equal to the Rates now payable for the principal Sums of those redeemable Debts and Annuities which shall lie so taken in, until the Redemption thereof according to this Act. And the said Governor and Company, for the Liberty of increasing their e capital Stock and their Annuity or yearly P'und by such Means as aforesaid, have deft red and cemented. 1

hat their present Annuities or yearly Funds for their present capital Stock, and the Annuities or yearly'

Vol. V Kk. 'funds

q C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

Funds for their capital Stocks, (to be increased pursuant to this Act) be continued at the respective Rates 5 herein after mentioned, till the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven inclusively; and that from and after the same feast day their then Annuity or yearly Fund for their whole capital and increased capita] Stocks may be actually reduced to four Pounds per Centum per Annum^and be iilcewife from thenceforth redeemable by Parliament; and in Consideration thereof, and of such other Benefits and Advantages as are hereafter in and by this Act provided and expressed, the said Governor and Company are willing to make such Pay merits into the Receipt of Exchequer as are herein after specified, for the Use of the Public, to be applied for paying off the public Debts and Encumbrances incurred before Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.' Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to have the said public Debts and Encumbrances lessened as fast as conveniently may be, with regard to Justice and the public Faith, and that as well such public Duties, Revenues and Incomes as are already settled for answering the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company, as also such other public Duties, Revenues and Incomes as are specified in this act, may be settled in such Manner, that the present Annuities or yearly Funds for the present Capital of the said Governor and Company, and the Annuities or yearly Funds which shall become due and payable for their Capital to be increased, pursuant to this Act, may be continued at the respective Rates herein after mentioned, till the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven inclusive; and that from and after the same feast day their then Annuity or yearly Fund for their whole Capital and increased Capital may be actually reduced to four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and likewise be thenceforth redeemable by Parliament according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, have, for that End and Purpose, given and granted, and do by this present Act give and grant to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, such Rates, Duties, Revenues and Incomes as are herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled _ by the Authority of the The Duties of same. That such or the like particular Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, Cyder and other joe"!* n Liquors, as by the said Act of the eighth Year of the Pveign of Queen Anne were granted for the term of granted 8 Ann. thirty-two Years, which commenced from the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one C 7. thousand seven hundred and ten; and such new Rates or Duties upon Pepper, Raisins, Nutmegs, Cinnamon,

Cloves, Mace and Snuff, as by the same Act were granted for the Term of thirty-two Years, which commenced from the sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, shall severally, by virtue of this Act, have Continuance after the respective Determinations of the several Terms of thirty-two Years last mentioned, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Pleirs and Successors for ever: And that the And the3;, ooool. above mentioned yearly Fund or Sum of thirty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, which by the said Letters Patents of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, grounded upon the said Act of Parliament in that Behalf, was itfty'7letters1" mae payable at the Exchequer during the Term of thirty-two Years, which commenced from Michaelmas "Patents, made one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, out of Revenues in the same Letters Patents express shall, after perpetual. the Determination of the Term of thirty-two Years last mentioned, have Continuance, and the said Reve the Duty on nues shall be charged therewith for ever: And that such or the like additional or new Duties and Rates for Soap, Paper, C and upon all Soap, and for and upon all Paper, paste boards, mill boards and scale boards, and for and 3i Ann. Stat. a. upon certain chequered and striped Linens, and upon certain Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed after the Manufacture, or in the bread or Yarn before the Manufacture, in any foreign Parts, and for and upon Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, and for and upon all Starch, and for and upon Coals shipped to be exported, and for and upon several Matters and Things which should be engrossed or written on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, which in or by the said two Acts, the one of the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, and the other of the first 1 Geo. r. Stat. Year of his now majesty's Reign, or by one of those Acts, were granted and laid for a Term or several s.

C 2.. Terms of thirty-two Years, which commenced front the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen (except as in the same Acts or either of them is excepted) fnali severally, by virtue of this Act, have Continuance after the Determination of the Term and Terms of thirty-two Years last men and the Duties tioned, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever: And that such. and thee" Ike particular Rates and Impositions, which in and by one of the said Acts of the fifth Year of his present madcpfipecuah majesty's Reign were granted or imposed for and upon all Sorts of Coais and Culm which should be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, from and after the twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and before the Feast of the Annunciation of the b'effect VI gin Mary which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, shall by virtue of this Act be continued and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for and upon all Sorts of Coals and Culm which shall be imported and brought at any Time or Times after the twenty-fourth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Cord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

?life Duties

II. And it is hereby enacted, That the several Rates, Duties, Revenues and Impositions by this Act knvto be raised. made perpetual, as aforesaid, as well before, as when and as the same respectively shall] "take Effedb by virtue of this Act, shall] be raised and levied by such Rules, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Distributions of the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Power of Mitigation, and with such respective Drawbacks, Allowances and Repayments, and with such Exceptions, and in such Manner and Form, as the like Rates, Duties, Revenues or Impositions, granted or

Z continued

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4; 251

rantinued by the said former Acts now in Being respectively, are prescribed, enacted, or appointed to be iled or levied.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any al mi ns in further or other Provision or Alteration is made by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, ^.'^9, 7' touching or concerning any the Rates, Duties, Revenues and impositions which were granted for certain Get', gi pw. 'Perms, as aforesaid, such other Provisions anti Alterations shall be observed and take place, in relation to'

the like Rates, Duties, Revenues and Impositions by this Act intended to be made perpetual.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to arise by the said Rates, Duties, Tlx Moh to Revenues and Impositions by this Act made perpetual, as aforesaid, as well before, as when and as the ^', ty.'lla same respectively (after the Expiration of the respective Terms formerly granted, as aforesaid) shall t keti. liffedt by virtue of this present Act (the necessary Charges of raising the same excepted) shall from Time Ktchtqticr.

to Time be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, to the Intent and Purpose that the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and their Successors, may out of the same be secured the Payment of such rd pec tive Annuities or Sums as shall or may become due or payable to them in pursuance of this Add, umil the Redemption thereof: Nevertheless the said Rates, Duties, Revenues and Impositions hereby made perpe Subs a to actual, and such Annuities or Sums as shall or iray become due or payable out of the same to the said Gover titmpuon nor and Company, and their Successors, shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament, according to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf, anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And to the end it may be known and ascertained what Annuities shall be taken in, and what Debts (for which Interest is now payable) shall be paid off by or at the Charge of the Corporation of the said Governor and Company, at any Time or Times before the respective Times in and by this Act limited in that Behalf; and what Additions in respect thereof are to b? made, as well to the present capital Stock of the same Corporation; and how far their own present Annuity or yearly Fund is to be increased in proportion to such additional Stock or Stocks, till the Redemption thereof, and also how much is to be paid by them into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, after the Rate of four ye^rs and a half's Purchase, upon such and so many of the said Annuities payable during the respective Remainders of the said certain Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, ninety-nine Years, and thirty-two Years, which shall be taken in, as aforesaid, at any Time or Times before the said first Day of raorch one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and how much is to be paid by them into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, after the Rate of one year's Purchase upon such or so many of the said Annuities so payable, during the respective Remainders of the said certain Terms of ninety six Years, 'eighty nine Years, and ninety-nine Years, as shall not be taken in before the said first Day of larch one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one (over and above the certain Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, to be paid by them for the use of the Public, for the Liberty of increasing their capital Stock and annual Fund, by taking in the redeemable Debts and Annuities, as is herein after mentioned) and that it may also plainly appear what new Allowance is to be made to the said Corporation for Charges of Management, when the farm: shall be reduced to a Certainty, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present Act: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treafiury, comme nor.r. s or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, and they of the Treasury respectively are hereby authorised and required, by one or more Writing or Writings under their respective(lt; Hands, to constitute and appoint such able and fit Persons, or such distinct Numbers of able and sit Persons such or so many of them respectively, as the said Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, think fit to be M e: pers and directors for doing and performing, and eaufing to be done and performed such Mattel Things as are by this Act appointed or authorised by such Managers and Directors, or by their G der to be done and performed.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Managers and directors so to be eoxt -- raw tuted, or such or so many of them, as aforesaid, shall according to such Directions as they shall receive irw Writing from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Trea p1 surer for the Time being, prepare or cause to be prepared one or more Book or Books, wherein flv m!7pc' be eutred, under proper Titles or Prefaces, and in proper Columns, the Particulars following; (t!: r

to say) There shall be eutred in such Book or Books the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, Bodies One or Politic or Corporate, then entitled to the said Annuities, payable for the respective Remainders of the said ll, e ( 1 long Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, and ninety-nine Years, which shall be actually taken V in by virtue of this Act; and also the Names of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, 99 '

then entitled to particular Estates or Interests in such Annuities, who shall be willing to depart with the same, and which shall be actually taken in, as aforesaid, so that the said Governor and Company may lawfully take in those Annuities, or any of them, during the whole Remainders of tkofe long Terms respectively; and there shall be entered in the same Book or Books, every Annuity so payable for the resp clave Remainder of the said several Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, and ninety-nine Years, 'which shall be actually taken in, as aforesaid (all which Annuities, if the whole should be pul chased, are in this Act before computed to amount to six hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum, or thereabouts;,) and the particular Duties, southeast -- awaiues, Funds, or other Provisions whereupon every such Annuity was charged, or by or out of which

K k 2, the

252 C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

the same was to be paid; and there hall also be entered in the same Kook or Books such Price or Prices as shall be agreed upon between the Corporation of the said Governor and Company, or such Agent or Agents as the same Corporation, under their common Seal, hall intrufb and empower on their Behalf, of the one Part, and the said respective Proprietors, or such as shah be lawfully empowered or entrusted on their Behalf, on the other Part, for every such Annuity, so to be payable during the respective Remainders then to come and unexpired of the said long I'erms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, and ninety-nine Years; which Price or Prices are to be answered by the said Corporation of the said Governor and Company, either in ready Money, or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Proprietors, or those entrusted by or for them, at or upon their subscribing or writing to or against the respective Entries, relating to them hi the said Book or Books; and there shall likewise be entered in the same Book or Books, the Additions, which are to be made to the present capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, after the said Rate of twenty Years Purchase, for taking in the said Refrduary long Terms, as aforesaid: And' moreover, in the same Book or Books there shall be entered and set clown the Additions which are to be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company in respect of such their new additional capital Stock; which new Additions to their Annuity or yearly Fund are to commence from, the quarterly feast day raft preceding such taking in by Purchase or Subscription, and to be payable after, the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven inclusively; and afterwards at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this AR.

Other Books

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Directors so to be con, with Columns stituted, or such or so many of them, as aforesaid, shall according to such Directions as they shall receive "amiitics111 Writing from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High trea abh out of the surer for the Time being, prepare or eause to be prepared one or more other Book or Books, wherein shall' yearly Fund of be entered, under proper Tides or Prefaces, and in proper Columns, the Particulars following; (that is to Sijooci, fj.y) There shall be entered in the Book or Books laid mentioned, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, then entitled to any of the said Annuities, payable out of the said yearly Fund of eighty one thousand Pounds, for twenty-two Years and three quarters of a Year, reckoned, from Chrijhnas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, or for the Remainder of that Term which shall be to come and unexpired at the quarter day preceding the taking in the same (being the Remainder of one of the Terms of thirty-two Years abovementioned) or to particular Estates or Interests therein, who shall be willing to depart with, and shall subscribe the same, so that the said Governor and Company may effectually take in those Annuities, or any of them, for the said whole Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year, or the said Remainder thereof; and there shall be entered in the Book or Books. Raft mentioned, every Annuity so payable for the said remaining Term of twenty-two Wars and three quarters of a ytear, or the said Remainder thereof, which shall be taken in, as aforesaid, and the particular Duties, P, evenues, Funds, or other Provisions, whereupon every such Annuity was charged, or by or out of which the same was to be paid; and there shall also be entered in the same Book or Books, such price or Prices as shall be agreed upon between the Corporation of the said Governor and Company, on such Agent or Agents as the same Corporation, under their common Seal, shall intrust and empower in this. Behalf, on the one Part, and the same respective Proprietors, or such as shall be lawfully empowered or entrusted on their Behalf, on the other Part, for every such Annuity so to be payable during the said remaining Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year, or the said Remainder thereof; which Price or prices are also to be answered by the said Corporation of the said Governor and Company, either in ready. Money, or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the respective Proprietors, or those entrusted by or for them, at or upon their subscribing to the respective Entries relating to them in the Book or Books raft. mentioned; and there shall likewise be entered in the same Book or Books, the Additions which are to be made to the present capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, after tyre said Rate of fourteen Years Purchase, for taking in the said Annuities for the said remaining Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year, or the said Remainder thereof, as aforesaid: moreover, in the same Book or Books there shall he entered, the new Additions which are to be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company, in respect of such their new additional capital Stock; which new additions to their Annuity or yearly Fund are to commence from the quarterly feast day preceding the taking, in the same, and to be payable after the said Rate of five Pounds Centum per Annum, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven inclusively; and afterwards at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum until Redemption by Parliament, ., according to the Purport and true Meaning of this A 6e

Ocher Books

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and directorsio to be con with Columns stituted, or such or so many of them, as aforesaid, shall according to such Directions as they shall receive Writing, from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High. lottery tickets Treasurer for the Time being, prepare or eause to be prepared one or more other Book or Books, af 1710. wherein shall be entered, under proper Titles or Prefaces, and in proper Columns, the Particulars following;

(that is to say) There shall be entered in the Book or Books last. mentioned; the Name, or Names of such Person or Persons. Politic or Corporate, then entitled to any of the said Annuities, payable upon unsubscribed lottery tickets of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, out of the said Remainder of the said yearly Fund of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, for twenty-three Years, computed from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen (being the Remainder of the,

above --

253

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4.

abovementioned Term of thirty-two Years, relating te the said lottery annuities) or to particular estates or Interests therein, who shall be willing to depart with, and shall subscribe the same, lb chat the said Governor and Company may effectually take in those lottery annuities, or any of them, for the said whole Term of twenty-three Years; and there shall be entered in the Book or Books last mentioned, every Annuity so payable by lottery tickets for the said remaining Term of twenty-three Years, which shall be taken in, as aforesaid, and the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds, or other Provisions, whereupon every fi.ich lottery annuity was charged, or by or out of which the same was to be paid; and there shall be r.bo entered in the same Book or Books, such Price or Prices as shall be agreed upon between the Corporation of the said Governor and Company, 'or their Agent or Agents, on their Behalf, on the cate Part, and the same resp.'dtive Proprietors, or such as shall be lawfully empowered or entrusted on their Behalf, on the other Part, for every such Annuity so to be payable by lottery tickets during the sail remaining Term of twenty-three Years; which Price or Prices shall also be answered by the f.rid Corporation of the Paid Governor and Company, either in ready Money or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the respective Proprietors, or those entrusted by or for them, at or upon their subscribing to the respective Entries relating to them in the Book or Books last mentioned; and there shall likewise be entered in the same Book or Books the Additions which are to be made to the present capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, after the said Rate of fourteen Years Purchase, for taking in the said lottery annuities for the said remaining 'Perm of twenty-three Years, as aforesaid: moreover, in the same Book or Books there shall be entered the new Additions which are to be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company in respect of such their new additional capital Stock; which new Additions to their Annuity or yearly Fund, are to commence from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and to be payable after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven incluiively, and afterwards at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

IX. And whereas the abovementioned principal Sums, now carrying Interest after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum., do by Computation amount to one million fifty-five thousand nine t hundred and ninety Pounds, or thereabouts, as aforesaid; and the abovementioned principal Sums for which Annuities are now payable after the like Rate of five Pounds w- -- Annum, do by Compu tation amount to ten millions seven hundred twenty-three thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds ele ven Shillings and threepence three Farthings, or thereabouts; in all to eleven millions seven hundred ' i'eventy nine thousand six hundred and sixty Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence three Farthings, or thereabouts, Part of the abovementioned principal Sums, computed to amount to hxteen millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts 3 which the said Governor and Company have undertaken to pay off at the Rate of one hundred Pounds per Centum, on or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty one: 'It is therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and misfw t Directors so to be constituted, as aforesaid, shall according to such Directions as they final receive in co

Writing from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Trea i, °mns fr surer for the Time being, prepare or cause to be prepared one or more other Book or Books, wherein shall tring the pnn be entered, under proper Titles or Prefaces, and in proper Columns, every principal Sum which shall havecipal Sums paid been actually paid off by the said Governor and Company in ready Money, or otherwise, to the respectivethesoat|* Proprietors of the said principal Sums so computed to amount to eleven millions seven hundred seventy the Proprirtors° nine thousand six hundred and sixty Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence three Farthings, or there of the principal about, after the said Rate of one hundred Pounds per Centum, and proportionably for greater or Idler Sums at 51. psr. Sums; and the respective Days and Times when every such Payment shall have been made, and thecen£ names of the respective Proprietors who shall have received the same, the particular Duties, Revenues,

Funds or Provisions for which the said intercll moneys or Annuities after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum were charged, or by or out of which the same were respectively payable; and there shall be also entered in the same Book or Books the new Additions which are to be made to the present capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, after the Rate of one hundred Pounds for every out hundred Pounds so paid off by them, and the new Additions which are to be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company, in respect of the same new additional Stock or Stockswhich Additions to their present Annuity or yearly Fund are to commence from the quarterly feast day, or half yearly feast day on which those Annuities or interest moneys are now payable, and last. preceding the Time of taking in such Annuities and Debts respectively; to be also payable after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centrnn per Annum, until the said twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven inclusively, and afterwards at the Pmte of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act,

X. And whereas the abovementioned principal Sums, now carrying Interest: after the said Rate of ml four Pounds per Centum per Annum, do by Computation amount to one million seven hundred fifteen Sumsplidoff to ' thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds, or thereabouts, as aforesaid; and the principal Sums for the Proprietors which Annuities are now payable after the like Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, do by of the principal Computation amount to three millions fifty-one thousand five hundred and one Pounds fifteen Shil ums at 4'

lings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts; in all, to four millions seven Hundred sixty six thou Conuim' f land eight hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shilings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, be^ina other Part of the abovementioned principal Sums computed to amount to sixteen millions five hundred:

254- C 4*

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

And other Books for entering the principal Sums which by Subscription (in Money or its Vilus in Sto: k) fnjll be paid off in Psrt of the redeemable Funds,

hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts; which the said Governor and Company have undertaken to pay old at the like Rate of one hundred Pounds per Centum, on or before the said hrft Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty oneit is therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and directors so to be confcituted, as aforesaid, flail according to such Directions as they shall receive in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High i reasurer for the Time being, prepare or cause to be prepared one or more other Book or Books, wherein shall be entered, under proper Titles or Prefaces, and in proper Columns, every principal Sum which shall have been actually paid off by the said Governor and Company in ready Money, or otherwise, to the respective Proprietors of the said principal Sums so computed to amount to four millions seven hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, after the said Rate ofone hundred Pounds for every hundred Pounds so paidoftby them, and proportionally for greater or lefl er Sums; and the respective Days and Times when every such Payment shall have been made, and the Names of the respective Proprietors who fhalp have received the same, with the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds or Provisions, for which the said interest moneys or Annuities after the said Rate of four Pounds per riturn per Annum were charged, or by or out of which the same were respectively payable; and there shall also fce entered in the same Book or Books, the new Additions which are to be made to the present capital stock of the said Governor and Company, after the said Rate of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds so paid off by them, and the new Additions which are to be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company, in respect of the same new additional Stock or Stocks; which Additions to their present Annuity or yearly Fund are to commence from the quarterly feast day, or half yearly feast day on which those Annuities or interest moneys are now payable', and last preceding the Time of taking in such Annuities and Debts respectively; and to be i also payable at the like Rate of four Pounds per Centujn per Annum, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven inclusively; and afterwards at the like Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

XL. And whereas the said Governor and Company may come to an Agreement with foine or all of the Proprietors of the abovementioned principal Sums now carrying Interest at the said respective Rates of five Pounds and four Pounds per Centum per Annum, before Satisfaction of those principal Sums respectively, or with those who are or shall be entrusted by or for them, or some of them and with some or all of the Proprietors of the abovementioned principal Sums for which redeemable Annuities are now payable after the said respective Rates of five Pounds and four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or with those who are or shall be intruded by or for them, or some of them (all which principal Sums are in this Act computed to amount in the Whole to sixteen millions five hundred forty six th. ufand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts, as aforesaid) in pursuance of which Agreement, such Proprietors or some of them, or those entrusted by them, may be willing and desirous, at sometime or Limes before the said sir ft Day of March one thousand seven nun dred and twenty-one, to accept their Payment and Satisfaction of and for such their principal Sums in Money, at the said Rate of one hundred Pounds per Centum, or by Stoftc at such Price or Prices as shall be agreed upon between them and the said Governor and Company, and accordingly to subscribe the same in the Book or Books before mentioned, or in several Books to be prepared for that Purpose, al though such Notice or Notices as are required by any Law or Laws now in Force, be or be not given for the Payment of the said principal Sums, or any of them, and without infilling upon any Time or Times allowed by Law, after the giving such Notice or Notices it is therefore provided and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Directors to be con ituted and appointed in pursuance of this Act, or such or so many of them, as aforesaid, according to such Directions as thy hall, from Time to Time, receive in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, if thereto requested by the Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, and such Request be signified in Writing under the Hands of any seventeen, or more of them, or under the Common Seal of the said Company, and not other, vise, shall prepare or cause to be prepared one or more other Book or Books, or several other Books, wherein shall be entered, under proper Titles or Prefaces, and in proper Columns, all and every the principal Sums which shall be so paid off by the said Governor and Company in ready Money, at the said Rate of one hundred Pounds per Centum, or by such Stock as shall be accepted in lieu thereof, by or in pursuance of such Subscriptions, and the Names of the respective Proprietors who shall be so paid or satisfied, and the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds, or other Provisions on which the principal Moneys last mentioned, or the said redeemable Interest or Annuities payable in respect of the same were charged, or by cr out of which the same were respectively payable, and the new Additions which are to be made to the present capital Stock of the said Governor and Company in respect thereof, at the said Rate of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds principal Money so taken in by such Subscriptions, and the new Additions which are to be made to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company, in respect of such their new additional Stock or Stocks; which Additions to their present Annuity or yearly Fund, shall be after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for so much of such their new capital Stock as they are to have for paying off such of the said principal Sums which carry Interest or Annuities after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for so much of such their new capital Stock as they

are

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto geop.gii Regis. C 4. 255

are to have for paying off such of the said principal Sujns ns carry Interest or Annuities after the f.tid Rate of four Sounds per Centum per Annum; and the same respective Additions to their pref.nt Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company, at the respective Rates last mentioned, shall commence front the quarterly fcaft clay or half yearly feast day, on which those Annuities or interest moneys are now payable, and last preceded the ime of taking in such Annuitie> and Debts respectively, and fit continue until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty lcvcn inelu fively; and afterwards at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this al.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Directors to be ronfti tliefc book to tuted in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and at such Times as the Court of Directors ofb« opened by the said Governor and Company for tile Time being shall appoint, open all and every or any the Books

to be prepared, as aforesaid, at the public Office of the said Governor and Company, or at some other conv nient public Place to be appointed by the said Court of Directors, whereof Notice hall from Time sej company to Tunc, b: given in Writing to be affixed upon the Roy A Exchange in London, and shall also be infer ted fli it arrant by in the London Curette, and that such Books shall lie open for such Time and Times respectively as the.ouklic|': 'ioti', f f.fid Court of Dire (Slots shall, from Time to Time, judge necessary.

XIII. And (or avoiding all Disputes and Controverstes concerning the Property of any the principalciause to afecr sums by this Act intended to be purchased or paid off, or any the Annuities or interest moneys payable tin V ho shall for the same; Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and corporation, by or for whom there shall be produced to the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as t(lparchies aforesaid, during the Time and Times the said Book or Books relating to those Tickets hall lie open, fo01, the unfub many of the said unsubscribed pay tickets belonging to the said Lottery of the Year one thousand seven feribed pay hundred and ten, as would (in case they be not taken in by this at) warrant the Payment of any the said Tickets, 1710, Annuities payable thereupon, for the said whole Term of twenty-three Years, out of the yearly Sum of forty six thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny abovementioned, shall be

deemed the true and lawful Owner of every such lottery annuity respectively; that every Person and Corporation, by or for whom there shall be produced to the said Managers and Directors, or such of them, as aforesaid, (during the Time or Times the said Book or Books relating to the fortunate Tickets Or on the lot drawn in the Lottery preferiked by the said at of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign shall lie open)teries 0l" 5 any of those Ti'kets by which the fortunate Adventurers (in case such Tickets be not taken in by this ali C SOUTHWEST old be entitled to Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the yearly Fund of twenty thousand Pounds therein mentioned, and be payable by the Cashier of the Bank of Engined for the Time being, redeemable nevertheless by Parliament, dial] be deemed and adjudged to be the true and lawful Proprietors of the same Annuities respectively: Provided such fortunate Tickets so produced shall have ben first ch.qued, proved and attested by the Managers appointed or to be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for that Purpose, or some or one of them; and that every Person and Corporation, by or for whom there shall be produced to the said Managers and Directors, or such ol them, as aforesaid (during the Time or Times the said Book or Books relating to the fortunate Tickets drawn in another Lottery, and by another al of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall lie open) any of those Tickets as would (in case they be not taken in by this Actj entitle the fortunate Adventurers to several principal Sums, amounting in the whole to five hundred thousand Pounds, with interest for the same, till the Principal shall be satisfied out of a Fund of thirty thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds fourteen Shillings per Annum, mentioned in that Act, shall be deemed and adjudged the true and lawful Proprietors of the said principal Sums, and the Interest attending the same respectively; such fortunate Tickets so produced shall have been first chequed, proved and attested by the Managers already appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose, or some or one of them.

XIV. And whereas the abovementioned Annuities payable during the several Remainders yet to who flinli be come and unexpired of the abovementioned Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years and nine ^emed the Pro ' ty nine Years, or during such particular iiftates and Interests as will make up the said whole Remainders of the same Terms respectively, and the said Annuities payable after the said Rate of nine Pounds pet99'years' ' Centum during the Remainder of the said Term of thirty-two Years therein granted, and the principale. C Money remaining unsatisfied upon her late majesty's Letters Patents abovementioned, and the Interest thereof, and the principal Money remaining unsatisfied, as well in respect of the blank Tickets as of the fortunate Tickets, by virtue of the said Act of the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, 12 Ann. ft. 2.'

and the said Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, are all payable by landing Orders which were' 9-1 made forth and signed by the several Lord Treasureis or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time be, ', IV ' ing; which Orders, and all Assignments thereof, or any Part thereof, and of the Annuities or Debts therein specified, or ar.y of them, or any Part thereof, and all Devises by Will concerning the same,

are or ought to be registered, entered or notified in Books for that Purpose kept in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or in particular Offices where the same Annuities or Debts respectively have been or are payable It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons or Corporations respectively, as by the said Books, Registers or Entries shall appear to be the Persons or Corporations entitled to any such Annuities or Debts as are lait mentioned, at the Time or respective Times when the same shall be taken in by such Purchase, Subscription or paying off as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged to be the true and lawful Proprietors thereof respectively; that the Auditor of the Receipt of tyre Exchequer, and each Comptroller in those particular Offices respectively, shall on or before the thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and twenty transmit., oir

cause:

Who shall be deemed the Pro

taken in i Geo. i. ft. i. C 2.

3 Geo. i. C 7. 5 Geo. 1. c. 1.

C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

cause to be transmitted in Writing under their respective Hands, to die Managers and Directors to be constituted in pursuance of this Act, or such of then: as aforesaid, fair Schedules or Lists, expressing therein every such Annuity and Debt, and the present Proprietors thereof, and the particular Duties, Provisions or Funds charged therewith, as they shall appear by the said Books, Registers or Entries at the Time of transmitting such Schedules; and shall afterwards, from Time to Time, daily certify to the said Managers and Directors so to be constituted, or such of them as aforesaid, all Alterations or Additions which ought to be made in or to the said Schedules by any subsequent Alignments, Wills or Titles which shall be brought to the said Receipt, or other Offices respectively to be entered, after the transmitting of the said Schedules, until the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one.

XV. And whereas the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, amount ing to fifty-three thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, founded upon the pnetors of the said two Acts of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the said Annuities, after the Rate five Pounds per Cent'an!) il' ' tl?r Centum per Annum, amounting to four hundred seventy six thousand seven hundred and seventeen percent! C or Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, or thereabouts, founded upon the said Act of the the Debts to be third Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the said Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to one hundred and two thousand thirty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and twopence per Annum, or thereabouts, founded upon the same Act; and the said Annuity or Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to five thousand five hundred and fifteen Pounds twelve Shillings per Annum, or thereabouts, payable for the Service of the Navy and Victualling thereof,

by a Clause in the Act for the land-tax of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the said Annuity of twenty-three Pounds eight Shillings and threepence Farthing per Annum, founded on the said Act for the Relief of Edward Clent, are all payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being,

out of Money imprested to him at the Receipt of the Exchequer for that Purpose; and all the Annuities so payable by the said Cashier, or Shares in joint Stocks for the same, are assignable or transferrable, in Books kept at the public Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Manner and Form prescribed by several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and are deviseable by Wills entered or notified in the Books there kept for that Purpose:: 'it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons or Corporations respectively, as by the said Books, Registers or Entries kept in the said public Office of the Bank of England shall appear to be the Persons or Corporations entitled to any such Annuities last mentioned, at the Time or respective Times when the same shall be taken in by such Purchase, Subscriptions or paying off as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged the true and lawful Proprietors of the same Annuities respectively, and of the proportional Shares of Stock created for the same; and that the Accountant General in the said public Office of the Bank of England now being, or that hereafter shall be, shall on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty transmit, or cause to be transmitted in Writing under his Hand, to the Managers and Directors to be constituted in pursuance of this Act, or such of them as aforesaid, fair Schedules or Lists, expressing therein every such Annuity or Share in Stock for the same, and the Names and Additions of all the respective Proprietors thereof, and the particular Duties and Provisions or Funds charged therewith, as they shall appear by the said Books, Registers or Entries, at the Time of transmitting such Schedules; and shall afterwards, from Time to Time, certify to the said Managers and Directors so to be constituted, or such of them as aforesaid, all Alterations or Additions which ought to be made in or to the Schedule last mentioned, by any subsequent Transfers, Wills or Titles which shall be brought to the said Office of the Bank to be entered after transmitting the Schedule last mentioned, until the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one,

N Fecfortranf

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward shall be demanded or taken of the mutingyny fauj south-sea Company, or of the said Managers and Directors to be constituted as aforesaid, or of the respective Proprietors, or any of them, or of any Agents or Instruments to be appointed by them, tar any of them as aforesaid, for making or transmitting any the said Schedules, Lists or Certificates; and that such Persons or Corporations respectively, as by such Schedules, Lists or Certificates lhrll appear to be the Persons or Corporations entit ed to any Ten Annuities last mentioned in such Schedules, Lists or Certificates, shall be deemed and adjudged to be the true and lawful Proprietors of the same Annuities respectively, and of the proportionable Shares of Stock created for the same at the Time of transmitting the said Schedul s, Lists and Certificates respectively.

XVII. And for the more easy and safe Execution of the several Powers and Tracts by this Act repofedp in the Managers and Directors to be appointed pursuant thereunto, and for the Prevention of Frauds, and that the Public may not be liable to a double Payment for or in respect of any of the said Annuities which the acc. untant are transferable at the Bank of England: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General of the Managers and Directors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any three or more of them, shall Hank of the from Time to Time and at all Times, before any of the sail Books relating to the same Annuities shall be opened by them, give Notice in Wriling under their Hands to the said Accountant General in the Office of the Bank of England, of the respective Day and Days on which such respective Subscription Books will be and after dofirg opened; and fn.ill likewise from Time to Time, as ftrn as conveniently may be, after each and every rt 'dr!"5'to Closing of such Book and Books respectively, by a List or Schedule, Lists or Schedules, under the Hands june only the same, Managers or Directors, or any three or more of them, to be transmitted to the said Accountant i'crions by or for general.for the Time being, certify the Names of the respective Proprietors of and in the same Annuities, whom Subferp and every.or any of them, by or for whom such Subscriptions as aforesaid shall have been made in the Book

ions fiuil have'5 or

schedu'es. Lists r Certificates.

before the Books be opened, to dve Notice to

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4. 257

or Books to be so opened by the said Managers or Directors, and of the particular Shares and Intends been nude. i0 of and in the same Annuities respectively and the Stock attending the same, which shall have been so fub, L L L "i'l a feribed by or for every such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate; upon Receipt of which coumam Lists or Schedules from the same Managers and Directors the said Accountant General shall forthwith and 'c from Time to Time write off from and debit the Accounts of each and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, contained in the same Lists of Schedules, of or for the respective Parts or Shares of and in the same Annuities respectively; and of and in the Stock attending the same, contained in the same Lists or Schedules; and shall take Care that the respective Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, do not transfer or assign any such Part or Share of and in the same Annuities and the Stock at After sich n,;. tending the same, which shall be contained in such Lists or Schedules to be transmitted to him by the iicl'r"tejnf same Managers or Directors; and the said Accountant General shall likewise take Care, that from and after such Notice shall be given to him as aforesaid by the said Managers and Directors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any three or more of them, and until he shall have received from the same Managers or Directors any three or more of them, such Lists or Schedules as are directed ro be transmitted to him by them, notransfersorassignmentsshall.be made in the Book or Books by him kept relating to those Annuities respectively for or concerning which such Subscription book or Books shall be so opened. T

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Accountant General in Accountant ge the public Office of the Bank of England for the Time being shall at any Time or Times hereafter neglect n?, "dl of the _ or delay to transmit such Lists or Schedules, or to make such Certificate or Certificates to the Managers or Directors to be constituted in pursuance of this Act, or to shut or flop the Transfers of the said redeemable L fts Annuities which are transferrable at the public Office of the said Bank of England, according to the Pup Bank to cause port and true Meaning of this Act, or to do any other Matters or Things by this Act required to be done the ftme to be or performed by such Accountant General, that then and in every such Case and so often the Governor d01"1*

and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors (who have the Nomination or Appointment of such Accountant General) shall be and are hereby required and obliged to cause and procure to be done and performed the same Matters and Things (so delayed or neglected to be done and performed) in such manner as such Accountant General ought to have done the same by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for south-sea Cori; the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts Pany> be, ore of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, at any Time or Times before the said first Day of March m^redecth^hs one thousand seven hundred twenty-one, to redeem all and every or any the redeemable Debts and In reexmabledebti cumbrances above in this Act recited or mentioned, amounting in the whole to the said Sum of sixteen of i6, 5; 6>48iU millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one penny7s 1 d 1 s farthing, or thereabouts, and the respective Securities for the same, by paying off the same Debts and Encumbrances, and every or any of them, at the Rate of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds at the Rate cf. principal Money, and proportionably for greater or Jeffer Sums at the public Office of the said South 100 for ererf Sea Company in the City of London, at sometime or Times before the said first Day of March one thou j[jc, l, \prinapa* sand seven hundred twenty-one, and to use and cause, or procure to be used and to be put in Execution

all lawful Ways and Means for Redemption thereof.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and Cases, where in or where Notice by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, any notice or Notices for Redemption of the said Debts ^oum.be given and Encumbrances, or any of them, might or should he given or left in Behalf of the public, by Authority of Parliament or by the Speaker of the House of Commons, pursuant to any Vote or Resolution of the Companyart that House, such and the like Notice or Notices shall and may be given or left by the said Governor and to give such Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for en Notice, couraging the Fishery, or by such Person or Persons as they or their Court of Directors shall appoint to give or leave such Notice or Notices, for Redemption of the same Debts and Encumbrances, or so many or such Part or Parts of them respectively as are redeemable at a Time, as the same Governor and Company, cr their Court of Directors, in regard to the Abilities and other Circumstances of the same Company, shall think fit; and that from and after the Expiration of the Time and Times to be mentioned in such Notice and Notices for paying off and redeeming the same Debts and Encumbrances, or any Parts of them, every or any of them, such Debts and Encumbrances, or such Part and Parts thereof, as shall be mentioned in such Notice or Notices to be redeemed, shall, upon Payment of the respective Sum or Sums of Money On piymef.for payable to the Proprietors for such Redemption, or Tender thereof at the public Office of the same Go the And vernor and Company, be and be adjudged to be redeemed; and the Interest and Annuity payable in respect r'thereof to the respective Proprietors of such Debts and Encumbrances, or their respective Parts or Prop or tions thereof, so far as the Sum or Sums so to be paid off or redeemed shall extend, shall thenceforth cease and determine to be payable to them; and in lieu thereof, an Annuity after such and the like rate as the interest money and Annuity as is now payable for or in respect of such Debts or Encumbrances', shall he from thenceforth paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and their successors, or to their Cashier for the Time being for their Use, until and for the sail feast day of the Nativity of St. John Baptijf which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty seven, and from thenceforth after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Von. V hi Parliament

Debt? to be re cecmed, C

258 C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

and 3 proper Parliament, and a proportional Addition or Additions in respect thereof shall be made to their capital tion 1! armie on Stock, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act: So as such Debts and Encumbrances as tobeinaie toihe shall be redeemed upon such Notice or Notices, be paid off at the said Rate of one hunched Pounds for lapiu Sioc. every one hundred Pounds principal Money, and in that Proportion for greater or lesser Sums, at such Day or Days, Time or Times, to be mentioned in such Notice or Notices for Payment thereof, on this Side and before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred twenty-one, at the public Of a to such Dch: «fice of the same Governor and Company. And as to such of the said Debts and Encumbrances for re rice'is'b T° ^etpt on whereof no Notice is by Law required. It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor Kquiredf Com ark Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for p.my to givenj> encouraging the Fishery, or their Court of Directors for the Time being, to give Notice by Writing or be? by Writing Writings to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, or by Publication or Publications in the London on reexchange Gazette, and thereby to appoint and ascertain a Time or Times for Payment of and redeeming all or any z' tte omhe' Dch Debts and Encumbrances, or so many or such Part or Parts of them respectively at a Time, as the Times for Say same Governor and Company, or their Court of Directors, in regard to the Abilities or Circumstances a>cnt. of the same Company shall think fit; and that from and after the Expiration of the Time and Times to

be mentioned in such Notice or Notices for paying off and redeeming the same Debts and Encumbrances, or any Parts of them, every or any of them, such Debts and Encumbrances (upon Payment of the respective Sum or Sums of Money payable to the Proprietors for such Redemption, or Tender thereof at the public Office of the same Governor and Company] shall be and be adjudged to be redeemed, and the Interest and the Annuity payable in respect: thereof, to the respective Proprietors of such Debts and Encumbrances, shall thenceforth cease and determine to be payable to them; and in lieu thereof, an Annuity after such and the like Rate, as the interest money and Annuity as is now payable for or in respect: of such Debts or Encumbrances, shall be from thenceforth paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and their Successors, or to their Callrier for the Time being for their Use, until and for the said feast day of the Nativity of St. John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand fe after 24 June veil hundred twenty seven; and from thenceforth after the Rate of four Pounds plr Centum per Annum, un-1727, interest till Redemption by Parliament; and a proportional Addition or Additions in respect: thereof shall be made at4l. pa cent. to their capital Stock, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

Company before

XXI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to 1 March 1721, and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other may take in, by Parts of America and for encouraging the Fishery, at any Time or Times before the said first Day of March sub^ri^a one ^oufand seven hundred and twenty-one, to take in, by way of Purchase or Subscriptions, all and eve the Annuktes fry r any the abovementioned Annuities payable during the respective Remainders then to come and un C a e9, and 99 expired of the abovementioned Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years and ninety-nine Years, in Treats, C this Act: before computed to amount in the whole to six hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum, or thereabouts, and all the presentand future Estates and Interests therein, and the respective Securities for the same, so as the same Annuities respectively by such Purchases or Subscriptions be effectually taken in for the whole Residties and Remainders then to come and unexpired of the said respective Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years and at such Prices as ninety-nine Years, from the respective Proprietors thereof, at such Price and Prices as shall be agreed upon ftull be mutually between the same Company, or their Court of Directors on their Behalf, and those Proprietors respect«le"ro°rie" o's t'vc^d mid f as le same Price or Prices for such Annuities be paid or satisfied at the public Office of the

t r'pr L'J'said south-sea Company in London, at sometime or Times at or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one and to take in, by Purchases or Subscriptions, all and every or any the abovementioned lottery annuities in this Act computed to amount to forty six thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny per Annum, or thereabouts, for the said whole Term of twenty-three Years, reckoned from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and the Pay, tickets for the same, from the respective Proprietors thereof, at such Price or Prices as shall be mutually agreed between the same Company, or their Court of Directors in their Behalf, and the respective Proprietors of those Annuities, so as such Price or Prices for the same be paid or satisfied at the public Office of that Company in London, at sometime or Times at or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and to take in, by Purchase or Subscriptions, all and every or any the abovementioned Annuities before in this Act: computed to amount to eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, for the said whole Term of twenty-two Years and three Quarters of a Year,

reckoned from chrijhn.as one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, or for the Remainder of that Term

which shall be to come and unexpired at the quarter day preceding the taking in of the same, and the respective Securities for the same, from the respective Proprietors thereof, at such Price or Prices as shall be mutually agreed between that Company, or their Court ol Directors on their Behalf, and the respective i roprietors of those Annuities, so as such Price or Prices for the same be likewise paid or satisfied at their public Office in London, at sometime or Times at or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one.

If the Fioprie

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any of the tors are willing Proprietors of all or any the said redeemable Debts and Encumbrances computed in and by this Act to to accepts Share amount to sixteen millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven shil »n'instock" a" '*nss ar d one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts, shall be willing and desirous at the Time or respective ns oc '3. Times.

259

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4.

Times of subscribing or paying oft' the same, or anyrnf them, to accepff and take (in lieu of the salt! one hundred Pounds per Centum in Money) a Share or Shares of and In the capital or joint Stock of the said south-sea Company, increased and to be increased pursuant to this Act, at such Price or Prices as shall such Prices athen be mutually agreed by and between the same Company, or their Court of Directors in their Behalf, 111, 11 bemutunij and the said Proprietors, or any of them; or if all or any the Proprietors of all or any the said Annuities computed in and by this Act to amount severally to six hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty scribinr, inlil i one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum, forty six thousand two hundred and of Money, sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny per Annum, and eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, shall be willing and desirous, at the Time or respective Times of taking in the same, or any of them, by Purchase or Subscriptions as aforesaid, to accept and take (for and in lieu of their respective Annuities or Debts) a Share or Shares of and in the same capital or joint Stock increased and to be increased pursuant to this Act, at such Rate or Rates for the said Stock as shall then be mutually agreed by and between the same Company, or their Court of Directors in their Behalf, and the said Proprietors, or any of them; that then and in all and every such Case and Cases the said several and respective Proprietors such Proprietors lo desiring to accept (for or in lieu of their respective Annuities or Debts) such Shares in Stocks, shall be shall >= thereunto accordingly; and the same Proprietors, whether they be Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively sla shall have and enjoy and be entitled, by Force and Virtue of this Act, to have and enjoy of and in the said capital or joint Stock of the same Company increased and to be increased as aforesaid, such respective Shares as aforesaid, and in respect of such Shares shall be deemed and taken to be Members of the same Company, and be incorporated into the same, and shall, in proportion to the same Shares respectively, have and be entitled to the like Benefits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, as other Members of that Company shall or ought to enjoy in respect of their Shares in the said capital Stock; and that all and every such Proprietor and Proprietors, from the Time or respective Times of his, her or their agreeing, by Contrast, Subscription or otherwise, to accept such Stock in lieu and Satisfaction of his, her or their Annuities, Debts or other Encumbrances before mentioned, shall have Credit in the Books of the same Company for his, her or their Proportion or Share of and in the whole capital or joint Stock of the same Corporation increased and to be increased as aforesaid, and of and in all Dividends, Profits and Advantages whatsoever to attend the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Proprietor and Pro Proprietors may prictors of the abovementioned Annuities and Debts, or any of them, his, her and their Executors, Ad [^book's areo ministrators, Successors and Assigns respectively shall have Liberty by themselves respectively, or by such be kept open, on Person or Persons as they respectively shall think lit to employ in this Behalf, during such Time or Times thetermv of the as the said subscription books shall be kept open, to subscrise or write his, her or their Annuity or An Act. nuities, Debt or Debts, or any of them, in such of the said Books as shall be proper for that Purpose, at

such respective Rates and Prices, and upon such several and respective Terms and Conditions, as are before in this Act prescribed concerning the same respectively; and that all Executors, Administrators, Guar ex cutors, C dians and Trustees shall have like Liberty and Power to make or cause to be made the said Subscriptions lubfcnle.

and Acceptance of Money or Stock, for and on the Behalf of their respective Tefrators, Intestates, or of Infants, Minors, Femes Covert, Cestui que Trusts or others for whom they are or shall be respectively entrusted, and are and shall be, by virtue of this Act, indemnified in and for doing the same; nevertlie less the Share or Interest which such Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees respectively shall, by virtue of such Subscriptions as aforesaid, have or be entitled to in the capita! or joint Stock of the same Company increased and to be increased as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the like Uses, Trusts and Purposes, as the same Annuities and Debts were or would have been liable, had not the same been taken in as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who

Persons or Corporations, who shall be paid or satisfied for his, her or their Annuities, Debts or incum b*ve accepted cumbrances in Money, or by Acceptance of any Share or Shares in the said capital Stock, or otherwise, stod

at the respective Rates and Prices by this Act intended concerning the same, shall at the same Time deli deliver n ver or cause to be delivered up to such Person or Persons, or such or so many of them, as the said coin their Orders and missioner of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall Tickets.

in thi; Behalf appoint, all the Orders and Tickets whereby such Proprietors respectively were entitled to such Annuities, Debts or Encumbrances, or any of them, whether the same be any of the standing Orders which were made forth and signed by any Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for Payment of such of the said Annuities, or for Payment of any principal Sums with Interest for the same, as were made payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or be any of the standing Orders which were made forth and signed as as aforesaid for Payment of such Annuities or principal Sums with Interest, as were made payable in any of the particular Offices, commonly called the Lottery offices, or be any of the pay tickets which were made forth by the said Lottery act of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, and were not subscribed into the capital Stock of the said south-sea Company, pursuant to a subsequent Act in that Behalf, or be any of the fortunate Tickets drawn on the said two Lottery acts of the fifth year of his Majesty's Reign, or either of them, which shall first have been checqued, proved and attested as aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, That if any of the Proprietors of any the said Orders or i ickets so to be deon Affidavit, iivered up (not being a Quaker) shall make Oath by an Affidavit in writing, or (being a Quaker) shall that

LI 2 mike&c 1, avebcco

V t

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

the Orders.

The Orders, Cic to be delivered

Managers so adjlift and sign diking Accounts of Annuities, C taken in or the Time of £uch Account.

260

lost, such Ash make a solemn Affirmation in Writing, that any the said Orders or Tickets are lost, burnt or destroyed,

davit to be and that he, he or they, for that Cause, cannot produce the same, and that such Orders or Tickets, if

nken mstead of they could he produced, would be his, her or their own Property at the Time of making such Oath or

Affirmation, and if the said Persons to be appointed for taking in the said Orders and Tickets, or any

two or more of them (who have hereby Power to take such Oaths and Affirmations respectively, and to examine the Parties concerning the same) shall be satisfied in the Truth thereof; then and in every such Case, the said Persons to be appointed for taking in the Orders and Pickets, or any two or more of them, have hereby Power to take in the said Affidavits or Affirmations instead of the Orders or Tickets to which they shall have Relation; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons to be appointed for taking in the said Orders and Tickets, as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, as loon as

iri' n'the^ex ^"cdconveniently may be, after any of them, or any such Affidavits or Affirmations instead of any of them, chequer. X ftp ll be taken in, deliver the said Orders and Tickets, Affidavits and Affirmations so taken in, with exact Lists thereof (the said Lists to be signed by the said Persons so to be appointed, or by two or more of them) into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, there to remain for ever: And that no Payments or Issues upon any the Orders, Tickets, Affidavits or Affirmations so delivered up, shall afterwards be made at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, or in any the said particular Offices, unless it be for such Arrearages of the said Annuities or interest moneys, for Payment of which spe and rlie Funds cial Provision is afterwards made in and by this Act; and that the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds and char eathere i>rov'i"lons5 charged with the Payment of the Annuities and Debts which were payable by the said Orders, from'.1 " t.ckcts, Oaths and affirmation's so delivered up, or any of them, shall from thenceforth he discharged of

and from the lame, except as to the Payment of the said Arrearages touching which special Provision is afterwards made in and by this at.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the abovementioned Managers and Directors to be constituted in pursuance of this Aift, or any three or more of them, shall from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be, after opening the respective Books by them to be opened, as aforesaid, until the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, make up, adjust and sign diflirnft Accounts of all the Annuities and Debts which shall have been taken in or paid off within the^tim^of*1 U ^lmc every such Account successively; that is to say, one Account of all the Annuities which

in. nr. ot within the Time of the same Account shall have been taken as Part of the same Annuities computed to amount to six hundred sixty LIX thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence Halfpenny per Annum, or thereabouts; one other Account of all the Annuities which within the Time of the same Account shall have been taken in as Part of the said Annuities computed to amount to eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts; one other Account of all the said heretofore unsubscribed lottery annuities which within the Time of the same Account shall have been taken in as Part of the said Annuities computed to amount to forty six thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny per Annum, or thereabouts; one other Account of all the principal Sums which within the Time of every such Account shall have been taken in by Purchase or Subscriptions, to be paid off as Part of the abovementioned Sums computed to amount to five hundred sixty three thousand three hundred Pounds, carrying Interest at four Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue of her Majesty's Letters Patents before mentioned; one other Account of all the principal Sums which within the Time of every such Account shall have been taken in by Purchase or Subscriptions, or paid oft" as Part of the abovementioned Sums computed to amount to one million fifty-five thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds, or thereabouts, carrying Interest at five Pounds per Centum fer Annum; and six hundred fifty-two thousand and twenty Pounds, or thereabouts, carrying Interest after the Rate of four rounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue of the said Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the first Year of his now majesty's Reign; one other Account of all the principal Sums which within the Time of every such Account shall have been taken in by Purchase or Subscriptions, or paid off as Part of the abovementioned Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds payable with Interest at four Pounds per Centum per Annum, by one of the said lottery acts of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and one other Account of all the principal Sums which within the Time of every such Account shall have been taken in by Purchase or sub feription, or paid off as Part of the abovementioned Sum computed to amount to ten millions seven hundred twenty-three thousand six hundred seventy Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence three Farthings, or thereabouts, for which Annuities fire now payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; or as Part of the abovementioned Sum computed to amount to three millions fifty-one thousand five hundred and one Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, for which Annuities are now payable by the same Cashier, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum: And that in every such Account so to be made and adjusted, from Time to Time, there shall be particularly expressed every Annuity or Debt respectively taken in, or paid; off, as aforesaid; Names of the respective Proprietors, from whom the same shall have been taken in, or paid off; the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds and Provisions, which were severally charged therewith; the Prices or Rates paid to each Proprietor for the same, and the Additions which the said south-sea Company is to have to their own capital Stock and Annuity, or yearly Fund for taking in, or paying off those Annuities and Debts respectively, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this

a a.

XXVIII.

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

C

261

XXVIII. And it is 'hereby enabled, That the said Managers and Directors, to be continued in purfu Managers ro ance of this Act, as aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall] from Time to Time, upon their'r.mfmitdupli making up, adjusting1 and signing the said several Accounts, as aforesaid, transmit or catife to be transmitted

Duplicates thereof, attested by them, or any three or more of them, to the Commissioners of the treasury, or the High Treasurer for the 'Fime being, and to the Court of Directors of the south-sea Company to the Directors for the Time being, and Duplicates of so much thereof as concerned any of the said Annuities or Debts, ri the south which were payable at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Auditor of the said Receipt for the times con'l'sn.v> being; and Duplicates of so much thereof as concerned any of the said Annuities or Debts which were'v ' payable at the Lottery offices, to such Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint; and Duplicates of so much thereof as may relate to the principal Sums, for which Annuities are payable at: he respective Rates aforesaid, by the Cashier of the Bank of England, to the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Time being.'

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Directors, After 1 March

to be constituted in pursuance of this Act, or any three or more of them, shall with all convenient Speed, pu. or after after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, or after all the said annui ^ct^"na.lties ties and Debts shall be taken in or paid off, as aforesaid (which shall sir ft happen) deliver or cause to be Mana

delivered, complete Duplicates of all the Subscriptions and Entries which shall he contained in all the said gets transmit Books to be opened and kept by them, such complete Duplicates being sir ft attested under the Hands of a complete da three or more of the said Managers and Directors, to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for p; cate.of the Time being, to remain in his Office for ever; And the said Managers and Directors, or any three e

more of them, shall also with all convenient Speed, after the said first Day of March one thousand seven anj the sub hundred and twenty-one, or after all the said Annuities and Debts shall be taken in or paid off, as aforesaid feription books (which shall first happen) deliver or cause to be delivered the said Books containing all the Subscriptionst0 the south and Entries, which then or before that Time shall have been made therein (such Books being first attested Sea Company, under the Hands of three or more of the same Managers and Directors) to the Court of Directors of the south-sea Company, for the Use of the same Company.

XXX. And whereas the present capital or joint Stock of the said Governor and Company of Mer ' chants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, doth amount in the whole to eleven millions seven hundred forty six thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds eight Shillings and ten Pence, or thereabouts; and their present Annuity or yearly Fund payable in respect thereof, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, doth amount in the whole to five hundred eighty seven thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence per Annum, or thereabouts Now it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That The Values, ta the Values to be computed at the said Rate of twenty Years Purchase for such of the said Annuities by this Act computed to amount to six hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds eight yearohm hate Shillings and threepence halfpenny per Annum, or thereabouts, as shall be taken in, from Time to !4 years.pur rhyme, by Purchases or Subscriptions as aforesaid; the Valleys to be computed after the said Rate of four chase, and cent. teen Years Purchase for such of the said Annuities, by this Act computed to amount to eighty one thou Percent as sand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, as shall from Time to Time be taken in by Purchases or sub feriptions, as aforesaid; the Values to be computed at the like Rate of fourteen Years Purchase forjj such of the said lottery annuities, by this Act computed to amount to forty six thousand two hundred dead u the ca. and sixty Pounds six Shillings and one Penny per Annum, or thereabouts, as shall from Time to Time pital Stock, C be likewise taken in by Purchases or Subscriptions, as aforesaid; the Values to be computed after the., said Rate of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the said redeemable Debts and Encumbrances, by this Act computed to amount to sixteen millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts, which shall from Time to Time, as the said feteral Annuities, Debts and Encumbrances respectively shall be taken in or paid off, and as the said respective Values shall be specified in the Entries which shall have been made in the said Books of the said Managers and Directors, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall be added and united to the present capital or joint Stock of the same Governor and Company; and that every Member, of that Corporation (as well those to be incorporated into the same by virtue of this Act, as all other Members thereof) shall have Credit in the Books of the same Corporation for his, her or their Proportion or Share of and in the whole capital or joint Stock of the same Corporation so increased, from Time to Time, and of and in all the Dividends, Profits and Advantages waatsoever, to attend the same, from and after their being taken into the said capital Stock; and that the same Governor and Company, and their Sue And the cera cessors, for every Addition which shall be made to their said capital Stock, purfusnt to this Act (except T evrr>', the Additions which are to be made thereunto in respect of the Sums before in this Act computed to amount to three millions fifty-one thousand five hundred and one Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence o, 11 have an halfpenny, and one million seven hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds, in all Addition 10 to four millions seven hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty one Pounds fifteen Shillings and t,: eir Ar, nuify nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, for which Annuities cr Interest after the Rate of four Pounds at"

Centum per Annum are now payable, as is abovementioned) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be er.ti auri ai +'i.'tied by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy an Addition and Additions to their said Annuity of percent, yearly Fund, after the Rate of fivet Pounds jvr Centum per Annum, until and for the Feast of the Nativity Interest to be at of St. John Bap till which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, J; percent.

J r J 1 an(j till 24 June

*7*7* an "ater ac 41, percent.

When the Additions shall commence.

Treasury on receiving the triplicates, hall determine the said Additions to the Company's Capital,

Every Member, in proportion to his Shares, shall have Cie. dit in the cnm pany's Books, The increased Annuity shall grow due quarterly out of the Moneys to arise by the Duties chargeable therewith.

The temporary Duties continued lor ever.

C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

and from thenceforth after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till Redemption by Parliament, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this present Act (it being intended that from and after the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John. Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be certainly and actually reduced to the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until such Redemption;,) and for every Addition which shall he made to their capital Stock, pursuant to this Act, for or in respect of the said Sums computed to amount in the whole to the said Sum of four millions seven hundred sixty six thousand eight hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, the same Governor and Company, and their Successors, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy, an Addition and Additions to their said Annuity or yearly Fund, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until and for the said Feast: of the Nativity of Si. John Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth after the same Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by, Parliament as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Addition and Additions to be made to the present Annuity of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, for or in respect of the Annuities, Debts and Encumbrances, which shall be taken in, or paid off by them in pursuance of this Act, shall commence from the quarterly feast day, or half yearly feast day, on which the Annuities or interest money, for or in respect of such Annuities, Debts and Encumbrances, so taken in or paid off, are payable, and which shall last: precede such Payment or Subscription thereof respectively, except the Additions to be made for taking in the said lottery annuities of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, for which the proportional Annuity of the same Company is to commence from Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, as aforesaid.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time, as he or they shall receive the said Accounts or Duplicates thereof from the said Managers and Directors to be constituted by virtue of this Act, or such of them, as aforesaid, shall by an Instrument or Instruments in Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, declare, settle and determine, not only every such Addition so to be made to the capital or joint Stock of the said Governor and Company, according to the respective Rates or Values which shall have been specified in the said Accounts or Duplicates thereof so transmitted, but also the several Additions which shall, from Time to Time, be made to their Annuity or yearly Fund, in respect of such their additional Stock, as aforesaid, and likewise the Times from which the said Additions to be made to their Annuity or yearly Fund shall commence or have Relation in point of Payment, according to the respective Times of taking in or paying off the said Annuities and Debts respectively, by this Act directed to be specified in the same Accounts or Duplicates, as aforesaid, and according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that every Member of the same Corporation (as well those to be incorporated into the same by virtue of this Act, as all other Members thereof,) in proportion to their respective Shares in the capital Stock so increased, shall have Credit in the Books of the same Corporation, for his, her or their Share or Proportion of and in the whole capital Stock so increased from Time to Time.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity or yearly Fund now payable to the same Governor and Company after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Anmm, from the Time to which it was last: paid at the Exchequer, until and for the said Feast: of the Nativity of St. John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to this Act, shall grow and be accounted due quarterly, as the same now is, at the four moll usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions (nevertheless to be satisfied by weekly or other Payments, as is herein after mentioned) to the same Governor and Company, and their Successors, out of the Moneys arisen and to arise into the said Exchequer, of or for the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds, and other Provisions now charged or chargeable with the same Annuity or yearly Fund, now payable after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or appropriated fur Payment thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force; and that the several Additions to be made to the same Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company by virtue of this Act, as fall as the same Additions respectively shall be settled and determined, as aforesaid, shall be computed and paid from the respective Commencements thereof according to this Act, and shall grow and be accounted due to them and their Successors quarterly, at the four most usual Feasts aforesaid, by equal Portions, at the several Rates by this Act prescribed, until and for the said Feast: of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred twenty seven; and from and after the same feast day at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament, according to this Act (nevertheless to be satisfied by weekly or other Payments, as is herein after mentioned;,) and all and every the same additional Annuities or yearly Funds shall be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out of the Moneys arisen or to arise at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds, and other Provisions respectively, which were charged with Payment of the respective Annuities or Debts so taken in or paid off, as aforesaid, or were appropriated for Payment thereof; and in case the said particular Duties or Revenues, pr any of them, are Temporary, or were imposed only for a Term or Terms of Years, which may end or determine before the Redemption of the additional Annuity or Annuities intended to be charged thereupon by virtue of this Act, then and in all and every such Case and Cases every such additional Annuity, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to this Act, shall be charged upon, and be payable

2&3

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4.

able out of the same or the like particular Duties and Revenues by this Act continued and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, which are hereby declared to be a further Security for Payment of the same.

XXXIV. And whereas the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, are already entitled, by virtue of former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, to several yearly Sums amounting to nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence per Annum, for Charges of Management, and it is intended that they, and their Successors, shall have a further Allowance for Charges of Management of so much as it now colls the Public for the annual Charge of paying, assign ing, and accounting for the Annuities and Debts by this Act intended to be tak n in or paid off, or so much of them as shall be actually taken in or paid off, purfunnt to this Act: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, A proportional or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall with all convenient Speed cause an Account or Estimate Addition to be to be taken and made up of the whole annual Coff to the Public of paying, assigning, and accounting for qompany's re all the Annuities and Debts of what kind soever, computed or specified in this Act, as aforesaid', whe sent allowance there they hall or not be all taken in or paid off) and upon his or their receiving the abovementioned for charges of Accounts, or Duplicates thereof, from the said Managers and Directors to be constituted in pursuance of Management., this Act, from Time to ime shall compute and allow, and cause to be computed and allowed to the same Governor and Company, a Proportion of the said Cods for the Annuities and Debts then appearing, to be actually taken in or paid off; that is to say. As the Sum of eleven millions seven hundred forty six thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds eight Shillings and ten Pence (being their present capital Stock) is to the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence,

(being their present Allowance for Management) so the Stock which they are to have for the Annuities and Debts by every such Account or Duplicate thereof, appearing to be taken in or paid off, shall be to the proportional Sum which shall be allowed to the same Corporation towards their Charges, so as all the proportional Sums last mentioned do not exceed the whole of one year's Coll for paying, assigning, and accounting for all the Annuities and Debts before mentioned; and the proportional Sums solo be allowed, hall from Time to Time be specified in the said respective Instruments, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall respectively commence from the respective Time or Times at which the to be increased Annuity and Annuities to the same Governor and Company, or the proportional Parts thereof, shall commence in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Sums amounting to nine thousand three hundred nine the 9-1971:. ty seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence per Annum, and such further Sums for Charges of manage '?s 6d f, er, ment (when and as they shall be added thereunto) shall from Time to Time be paid and payable to the" ^, ^said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, at such Times, and in.for charees, such Manner and Form as their present Annuity or yearly Fund, and the said Additions to be made to be paid to thereunto, as aforesaid, are by this Act appointed to be paid and payable, till the same Annuities and the company yearly Funds shall be redeemed according to this Act; and that as well the said Sums amounting to

thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence per Annum, as the said furtherarep iyabk, tsl. Sums to be allowed for Charges of Management, shall be charged upon and payable out of the particular redeemed. Duties, Revenues and Incomes by this Act charged or intended to be charged to and with the Payment of the said present Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company, and of the aid several Additions to be made thereunto, as aforesaid; any Thing in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And for better securing to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Bri all the Dut'ss tain, and their Successors, all the Payments intended to be made to them, by virtue or in pursuance of

this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the abovementioned du company's ties and Revenues whatsoever by this Act charged or intended to be charged to or with the Payment of the yearly Fund, 'C Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company, and the Additions to be made thereunto, as f brought aforesaid, and to or with the Payment of the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven, "to the Expounds nine Shillings and sixpence, and the Additions for Charges of Management to be made there C eq'r' unto, as aforesaid, (whether the same Duties or Revenues, or any of them, be such at were granted in Perpetuity by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or be continued in Perpetuity by Virtue of this Act) shall from Time to Time be raised, levied and collected, and all the Moneys arising thereby (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, and paying the same into the Exchequer in Englandto the shall from Time to Time be brought and paid into the same Exchequer by and according to the Rules, Direfhons of Methods and Directions, and with such Drawbacks, Repayments and Allowances, and under such pe C e ormer Baltics, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are prescribed by the said former Act or Acts of Parliament respectively, or referred unto by this Act, for raising, levying, collecting or bringing in the same, as fully, and effectually, as if the same Rules, Methods, Directions. Repayments, Allowances, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and every of them, were in and by this Act particularly repeated and re enacted; and that all the Moneys which shall be so brought into the said receipt, from Time to Time, to !e entered !n of or for the said Duties and Revenues respectively, shall be fairly and distinctly entered and regiflred none "

of more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the said Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells Receipt and* severally for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned at all seasonable Times shall have free Access cisrk of the without Fee or Charge. peu.

a, XXXVII

264 G. 44

Anno sexto Georgii Regis,

A.D. 1^194

chequer, as by the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act shall be applicable or ought to be applied for or towards the Payment of the said present Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company and the Additions to be made thereunto as aforesaid, at the respective Rates before mentioned and for or towards the Payment of their said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine C [ncieu) Shillings and sixpence for Charges of Management, and the Additions to be made thereunto as aforesaid, 'charge? u.nt*l such Redemption as aforesaid; which Moneys for that purpose shall be kept apart from all other Mo ugement. nies whatsoever payable into the Rid Receipt.

Penalty on Officers of the ex thequer mifap pjying the Money,

Orders to be fig, ned by the Treasury for making Payments to the Company.

One other Book

XXXVII. And it is hereby nlfo enacted, That the said Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells' to enter dicti, ift for the Time being flail severally keep' one other Book, in which shall be entered distinctly and separately Iy to much of f0 lnuch or such Proportions of the said Moneys so coming from Time to Time into the said Receipt of Ex

the Moneys as -

ought to be applied to the.

Company's and the Additions to be made thereunto as aforesaid, at the respective Rates before mentioned and for or yearly Fund and towards the Payment of their said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine

the Additions to C *r 1'...

be m.ide thereto, and for < of Management.

The Moneys to

XXXVIII. And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys be kept apart which shall or ought to be so Separated and kept apart for the said Purposes in this Act expressed, shall be and appropriatedant{ are hereby appropriated, and flail from Time to Time be issued and applied to and for the Payment crt jc ie. ancj Satisfaction of such Sum and Sums of Money as, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, flail from Time to Time be due or payable to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Successors (subject nevertheless to such Reduction and Redemption, as are in and by this Act prescribed touching the same) and to node other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that the respective Officers in the Exchequer, who flail make any wilful Delay in issuing or paying the same, or lfiall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any of the said Moneys contrary to this Act, for any such Offence shall be forejudged of their respective Offices or Places, and be rendered incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Employment of Trust or Profit whatsoever, and flail also be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums of Money so wilfully delayed to be paid, or so diverted or misapplied as aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case; Bill; Suit or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protcftron, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXXIX. And for the better and more regular Payment of all the Moneys intended by this Act to be paid to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, at the different Rates and in such manner as aforesaid (subject nevertheless to such Reduction and Redemption as are by this Act provided concerning the same) an Order or Orders flail from Time to Time be made forth and signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them; or by the high Treasurer for the Time being; and after signing thereof the same shall be good, firm, valid and effectual in the Law according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this at, and flail not be determinable by or upon the Death or Removal of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, or by or upon the Death or Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Commissioners of the Treasury, High Treasurer or Under Treasurer for the Time being have Power to revoke, countermand or make void such Order or Orders so made forth and signed as aforesaid.

XL. And for the more speedy Payment of the Moneys which shall be due and payable to the same Governor and Company, or their Successors thereupon; It is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That weekly or otherwise, as the Moneys appointed or intended by this Act to be applied for of towards the said Payments to grow due to them as aforesaid, flail from Time to Time be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and flail or ought to be set apart for that Purpose as aforesaid, such Moneys shall and may, from Time to Time, be issued upon such Order or Orders for or towards discharging the said Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company, and the said Additions to be made thereunto; and for or towards the Payment of the said yearty Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence; and the said farther Allowances for Charges of Management to grow due at the End of that Quarter of a Year in which such Issues or Payments shall be made; so as such weekly or other Payments do not exceed the Sums which flail grow due for or at the End of such Quarter respectively.

XLL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Moneys which shall be brought into the Exchequer, and be set apart as aforesaid, for making the Payments by this Act appointed and intended to be made to the Hid Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain; and their Successors as aforesaid (which Moneys are by this Act appropriated for or towards that Use and Purpose) flail not be sufficient to pay and discharge or complete the Payment at the End of any Quarter of a Year of all the Moneys which flail "be then due for or upon their said present Annuity or yearly Fund giid the said Additions' to be made thtreunto, and for or upon the said yearly Slim of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence for Charges of Management, and the Additions to be made to the same as aforesaid; then and so often and in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Quarter shall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys to arise and to be set apart as aforesaid in any subsequent Quarter.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Annuities and Debts as shall not be taken in by Purchase or Subscription, or be paid off by or in pursuance of this Act, and the interest moneys payable for the same Debts, shall severally continue to be paid and payable to the respective Proprietors thereof, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and

3 Assign'j

Weekly Issues fb, ije niade a C the Exchequer.

Deficiency to be mad good out of the Overplus inqiny subsequent Quarter.

Annuities not taken in (hull. continue to bs paid at the former Offices,

shall be

Anno sexto Georgii regis.

C 4. 265

Assigns, at the same respective Offices and Places, and out of the same Duties, Revenues and Incomes,

and at such Time and Times, and shall be assignable, transferable and disposeable in the same Manner and Form as those Annuities and Debts, or the fntetest of such Debts, are now payable, assignable, trans 3n<'

ferrable or disposeable by the tef, ective Acts or Statutes now in Force concerning the same, and as if tltis"^'^,

on sent Act had never been made: And that this Act, or any Clause, Matter or Thing thcioin contained,

mall not extend or be couftn.ed to interrupt, delay or prejudice, at any 'lime before or alt r the said LII It bcui made.

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and tv, enty one, the receiving, assigning, transferring or dif jiofing the said Annuities or Debts, or the Intcrcit of such Debts not taken in or paid off by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, in any manner of wife; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding (except as is herein before otherwise provided and directed, relating to the Hopping or delaying the assigning and transferring the Annuities or Shares in Stock for the same, now transferable at the public Office of the Hank of England.)

XLIII. And as to such of the abovementioned Annuities and Debts at Interest, as at any Time or Annuities '.alien Times before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred twenty-one lh ill actually be taken^1 (, to

in by Purchase or Subscription, or be paid off by or in pursuance of this Act or any of the Cla l'es therein pa, f;, j, p!r' contained; It is hereby further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Pro arrors to th prietors thereof, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, at tile same respective Offices Days of u. ing and Places, and out of the same Duties, Revenues and Incomes as are now severally charged with the'"'

Payment of the said Annuities and Debts respectively, shall be finished and paid all the Arrearages of the said Annuities and interest moneys (the Arrearages on the said lottery annuities for the Year one thou exception, fatid seven hundred and ten only excepted) until and for the quarterly feast day or half yearly fcall day on which such Annuity or interest money respectively were payable, and which mall lass precede the D ys and Times of taking in the said Annuities and Debts respectively, or paying them off pursuant to this Act.

And to the end the Days or Times of taking in or paying off as aforesaid the principal Moneys for which the said Annuities or interest moneys were payable, may certainly be known, and for preventing Frauds relating thereunto, the said Managers and Directors to be constituted by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, or ^jn^ely0 "r three or more of them, from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be, after any principal Sum in to

for which any Annuity or Interest is now payable, shall be actually taken in or paid off" as aforesaid shall tce several certify the Time of taking in or paying off the same, in manner following; that is to say. So much there offices, of as imported the Payment of any Annuity or Interest at the Exchequer, shall be so certified to the Auditor of that Receipt for the Time being; so much thereof as imported the Payment of any Annuities by the said Cashier of the Bank of England, or attended Stock for the same, shall he certified to the Accountant General in the Office of the said Bank for the Time being; and so much thereof as imported the Payment of any the said Annuities or interest moneys in any other of the particular Offices now in Being, shall be certified to the Comptrollers belonging to those Offices respectively; said Auditor of the Receipt, Accountant General and Comptrollers respectively are hereby strictly enjoined and required to take especial Care, that after the Payment of such Arrears no further Payments be made of the Annuities or interest moneys of the said Annuities or Debts so taken in or paid off, or of any interest money for the same, or that any Alignments or Transfers be afterwards made thereof, or of any Part thereof, in their said respective Offices, whereby the public may be liable to be injured by a double Payment; anything in this or in any other Act of Parliament whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And whereas the Corporation of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of grrrt/soutl scljcom" ' Britain are willing, in Consideration of the Liberty by this Act given them of increasing their capital Stock and their Annuity or yearly Fund in respect of the same as aforesaid, by taking in or paying cft'q, er, towards all and every or any the said redeemable Debts and Encumbrances in this Act before computed to amounrdifeha

ifchargingna

to sixteen millions five hundred forty six thousand four hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and tional Debts in one Penny Farthing, or thereabouts, to pay the full and entire Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence of good and lawful Money 4, 156, 3061. '

of Great Britain, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied towards discharging the Principals, iid.

and Interest of such National Debts and Encumbrances as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, declared to be National Debts, and provided for by Acts of Parliament Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Corporation shall pay into tyre Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes left mentioned, the said Sum of four millions one iiundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever for any Cause, Matter or Thing whatsoever; same to be paid by such Proportions and at such Times as are herein after appointed for Payment thereof; that is to say, one lull and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Tjir: cs Virgin Mary which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; once z ft., other full and equal fourth Part thereof en or before the Feast of the Nativity of St. 'john the B. ptifi which Geo. 1. C ?.' shall he in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty-one; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty-one; and the remaining fourth Part of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds tour Shillings and eleven Pence, and in full Payment thereof, on or before the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty-one.

Vol. V

M m

XLV

266 C

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1yig.

South Sea Company hall pay into the exchequer four Years and a half's Pufchafe upon the long Annuities that shall be so actually taken in,

7 Geo. i. ft. 2.

Times of Payment,

4*

XLV. And whereas the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, in Consideration of the Increase which, by virtue of this Act, will be made as aforesaid of their capital Stock and Annuity or yearly Fund before mentioned, by taking in by Purchase or Subscription at Prices to be mutually agreed on with the Proprietors as aforesaid, the said Annuities for the aforesaid Remainders of the said several Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, ninety-nine Years, and thirty-two Years, or such Estates and Interests therein as will completely make up the said several Re

mainders of the said several Terms, which shall be to come and unexpired at the respective Times of

taking in the same Annuities respectively, are willing to pay such further Sum and Sums of good and lawful Money of Great Britain, as the Annuities so purchased, or so many of them as shall be aflu ally purchased and taken in within the Time aforesaid, hall amount unto at the Rate of four Years and

4 an half's Purchase; that is to say, at the Rate of four hundred and fifty Pounds for every such Annuity,

amounting to one hundred Pounds per Annum, and proportionably for any such greater or lesser Annuities, which shall be taken in for the said Remainders of the said Terms of Years respectively; the Money so arising to be also applied towards the discharging the Principal and Interest of the said national Debts and Encumbrances which were incurred before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Corporation shall pay into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purpose aforesaid, and without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever, such further Sums of good and lawful Money of Great Britain, as the said Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase shall amount unto, upon all such of the Annuities last mentioned as shall be actually taken in by Purchase or Subscriptions pursuant to this Act, on or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one j the said Sums, after the said Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase, to be paid into the said Exchequer by four equal quarterly Payments, as is herein after mentioned; that is to say. One full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and the' remaining full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in full Payment and Satisfaction of the said Sums, to be computed after the said Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase.

XLVI. And whereas the said Corporation of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, to manifest their sincere Intention of using their belt Endeavours to take in, by Purchase or Subscriptions, and at Prices to be mutually agreed upon, as aforesaid, the said Annuities now payable for and during the said residuary i erms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, and ninety-nine Years, or such Estates or Interests therein as shall completely make up the Remainders of the said Terms of ninety six Years, eighty nine Years, and ninety-nine Years, which shall be to come and unexpired at the respective Times of taking in the same, are willing to pay such further Sum and Sums of good and lawful Money of Great Britain, as the Rate of one year's Purchase to be computed upon such of the Annuities laid mentioned, as shall not be actually purchased and be taken in within the Time LI 4 mited, shall amount unto; that is to say, One hundred Pounds for every such Annuity, amounting to one hundred Pounds per Annum, and proportionally for every such greater or lesser Annuity, which shall not be so taken in, by Purchase or Subscription within the Time before limited; the Moneys so arising to be also applied towards the Discharging the Principal and Interest of the said national Debts and In 4 cumbrances which were incurred before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen:: 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Corporation shall pay into the said Receipt of the Exchequer for the Purpose aforesaid, and without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever, such further Sums of good and lawful Money of Great Britain, as the said Rate of one year's Purchase shall amount unto, upon all such of the Annuities last mentioned, as shall not be actually taken in by Purchase or Subscriptions pursuant to this Acton or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; the said Sums after the said Rate of one year's Purchase to be paid into the said Exchequer, at such Times and by such Proportions as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, One full and equal fourth Part thereof, on or before the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and the remaining full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which, shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in full Payment and Satisfaction of the said Sums to be computed after the said Rate of one year's Purchase;

; _ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Corporation shall

mahe Failure in Payment of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousanl three hundred Debt dull lie and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, or any Part thereof, or of the said Sums to be paid after against thecom* the said Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase, or of the said Sums to be paid after the said Rate of pany, '.» one

Company to pay one year's Purchase for such of the long Annui ties as shall not be taken in.

Times of Pay

In cpfe of Fai

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4.

one year's Purchase, or any of them, or any Part thertof, at the respective Times herein before limited for Payment thereof, or any of them, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then and in every or any such Case and Cases, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's Name for the Purpose before mentioned, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case,

Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Ffioin,

Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance; in which Action,

Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare that the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the h ilhery, are indebted to the King's Majesty the Money of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the Line, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall be further recovered for the Purpose aforesaid against the Defendants, Damage after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, and the said Corporation and their Stock and Funds shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

XLVIII. And for the better enabling the Laid Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, to raise Money to be paid, for or in Salt of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, or for or in Part of the said Sums to be paid after the said Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's Purchase respectively, or for purchasing or paying oft' all or any the Annuities and Debts to be taken in or paid off in pursuance of this Act, or for exchanging for ready Money the new exchequer bills to be made forth as hereafter in this Act is mentioned, or for defraying the Interest thereof, or for carrying on their Trade and other necessary Occasions: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Company my may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Sue Calls of cell ors, from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause, to call in or direct to be paid from and by their re their member spective Members for the Time being, proportionably according to their respective Interests in the capital'

Stock or Stocks which do or shall belong to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and which shall be increased, as aforesaid, or by opening Books of Subscriptions, or by granting or open Hooks of Annuities redeemable by the same Governor and Company, and their Successors, or by any other Me Subscription, or thod, Ways and Means as they shall think proper, to raise any Sum or Sums of Money, as in a general ?rant Annu, tl: s Court of the same Governor and Company shall from Time to Time be judged neceltury, and ordered to'v'be called in or raised; that all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, 1 ruffees and Mortgagees, shall Executors, c. be indemnified in paying, and are hereby impowered to pay in their respective Proportions of the Money to pay. so called in or raised; in case any such Member or Members shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or Members not their Share of the said Money To called for at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose, by Notice pa>'"e» 'heir inserted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, It shall and may be lawful to edt and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, not only to 'opr flop the Share, Dividend, Annuity and Profits, which shall from Time to Time become payable to such Member or Members so neglecting orrefufing, of the Funds, Stocks, Annuities or Profits of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and to apply the same, from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of the Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so neglecting or refusing, until the same shall be satisfied, but also to flop the transfers or Assignments of the Share and Shares of every such Defaulter and Defaulters, and to charge such Defaulter and Defaulters with Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Money so by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the Time the same was appointed to be paid until the Payment thereof; and that the Share and Stock, Shares and Stocks of such Defaulter and Defaulters shall be liable to make good and answer the said Moneys so appointed to be paid, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid; in case the Principal and Interest, as aforesaid, shall be unpaid by the Space of three Months, then the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Successors, or their Court of Directors for the Time being, shall have Power to authorise such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to sell, assign and transfer so much of the said Stock or Stocks of such Defaulter or Defaulters as will satisfy and pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Proprietor: And the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Successors in a general Court, from Time to Time, when they shall judge their Affairs will admit thereof, shall or may cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be lb called' in, or any Fart thereof, to be ditided and distributed to and amongst the then Members of that Corporation, according and in proportion to their respective Interests in the capital Stock or Stocks of the same; any former Law or Statute, Restriction, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And for better enabling the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, to raise Money to be advanced for or in Part of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, or for or in Part of the said Sums to be paid after the said Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase, and one year's purchase respectively, or for purchasing or paying oft' all or any the Annuities and Debts to be taken in or paid oft', in pursuance of this Act, or for exchanging the new exchequer bills to be made forth by this Act, or to defray the Interest thereof, or for carrying on their Trade, and other necessary Occasions: It. is also hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Go companyr ay T

yernor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, from Time to time ( in case[>on'c"' Money

Mm 2 theyunderfheirjcom

267

268 C 4.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

mm Seal, or nn they shall think fit) to borrow or take up Money upon any Contracts, Bills, Bonds or Obligations under Credit nt rheir their common Seal, or upon Credit of their capital Stock or Stocks, to be increas'd, as aforesaid, or any for an t me art thereof, at such Rate or Rates of Interest, for any Time not less than six Months from the borrow not lets than sixng thereof, as they shall think fit, and to give Security under their common Seal, or by aligning or trans monihs. ferring their Stock or Stocks, or any Part thereof, or otherwise, as shall be to the Satisfaction of the Lenders respectively.

All Bonds, CL And be it further enacted, That all Bonds or Obligations under the common Seal of the said Com

shall charge the pany shall charge as well the Annuity or annual Fund and additional Annuities or annual Funds payable nd Effecto of to Company by virtue of this Act, as the present and additional Stocks and other Effects and

additional Fund

The Money called in shall be an additional Stock of the Company, &c.

the Company, Estates of the said Company for the Time being; and that all such Bonds and Obligations shall be assign and beassignable able, and the Moneys thereupon shall be recoverable as effectually, and in as ample Manner and fornpas. and recoverable any their Bonds taken upon any former Act might be assigned, or the Money due thereupon might be re as former Bonds. covere(].

Securities not

LI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contracts, Bills, Bonds, Obligations chargeable with or Securities under the common Seal of the said Corporation Hi all not be chargeable with any the du stamp duties. t; es upon stamped Vellom, Parchment or Paper; any Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much Money as shall be called for by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain from their respective Members, for or towards any the Purposes before mentioned) shall (if the said Governor and Company think proper) be and be deemed an additional Stock of the said Governor and Company, and shall be written into the Books of the said Company, and each Member thereof sir all have Credit in the said Books for his or her Proportion or Share thereof; and that the Members of the said Company, who shall have a Share or Interest in' the Stock or additional Stock of the same Company, shall or may assign and transfer the same in the Books of the same Company, in such or the like Method, Manner and Form as are prescribed by the Act or Acts of Parliament and Charter now in Force, for Alignments or Transfers of original Stock to be made in the Books of the same Company; or may dispose or devise the same, or any Part thereof, by Will, in such Manner and Form as any Share in the original Stock of the same Company is deviseable;. But shall not in nevertheless the same Governor and Company, or their successors, in respect of such Stock which shall cre.ifr their jear or may be so added or written in their Books, to enable them to make the said Payments into the exehe ly Fund. quer, or other the Purposes aforesaid, shall not be entitled to any Increase of their Annuity or yearly Fund to be paid out of the public Duties, Revenues or Incomes abovementioned, or any of them; anything, herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The capital and

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said present capital Stock of eleven increased yearly mjllions seven hundred forty six thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds eight Shillings and ten Pence, Fund shall be aik] the Additions to be made thereunto by virtue of this Act, and the said Annuity or yearly Fund of five na aatepcand" hundred eighty seven thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, and the go to Executors, Additions to be made thereunto by virtue of this Act, and the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hunted not liable todred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, for Charges of Management, and the Additions to foreign Attach be made thereunto by virtue of this Act, and the Share and.interest of each and every particular Member of and in the same capital Stock, and the same Additions to be made thereunto, and of and in the said Annuity or yearly Fund of five hundred eighty seven thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, and the same Additions to be made thereunto, and of and in the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, for Charges of Management, and the Additions to be made thereunto, and every of them, shall be and be adjudged, taken and' accepted in Confirmation of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever, to be a personal and not a real Lflate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying and pof defied thereof, interested therein or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachments by the Custom of the City of London or otherwise; any Law, 'Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Members of the same: Corporation, who shall have a Share or Interest in the present capital Stock or the increased Stock thereof, shall and may assign and transfer such his, her or their Share or Interest, or any Part thereof (except as is otherwise provided in this Act) in the Books of the said Corporation, in such or the like Method, Manner and Form as are prescribed in and by the Act or Acts of Parliament and Charter now in Force for Alignments or Transfers of original Stock to be made in the Books of the said Corporation; or shall or may dispose or devise the same, or any Part thereof, by Will, in such Manner and Form as any Share in the original Stock of the said Corporation is deviseable.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the said present Annuity or yearly Fund of five hundred eighty seven thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, as all the Additions which shall be made thereto by virtue of this Act; and the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Po mds nine Shillings and sixpence, for Charges of Management, and all Additions to be made thereto by virtue of this Act; and the Shares, Parts or Interests of the several Members of and in the same, and of and in the said present capital Stock and increased capital Stock of the same Governor and Company, and of and in the Benefit of Trade annexed thereunto; and the Stock, in Trade in Money to be raised for any the Purposes aforesaid, during the Continuance of the same, shall]

he

Members may transfer their Stocks,

or devise the same by Will.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

4-

269

he and are hereby exempted from all Taxes, Rates stnd Impositions whatsoever by at of Parliament fltc wlioh or otherwise; Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding; that no Person, k'*c in respect of his being Governor or ub governor, deputy governor, Director, Manager or a Member N ' j for of the same Corporation, or for having any Stock or Share therein, or by reason of his being named or jc ir g pua it aiding as a Manager, Director or other wise, for taking the said Subscriptions, or for taking in Orders and V this Tickets, or for any other Matter or Thing to be by him done or performed by or in puritrance of this act lblt'd.flo; r'^' only, shall be now or at any Time hereafter disabled from being or continuing, or from being elected fil' II

serving as a Member of Parliament, nor be liable or subject to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability pre i, curanyh<r;, y icribed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for not qualifying himself to execute his 'Fruit t pon or in for not qoa'.i; 'pursuance of this Act, as Persons who shall take or execute any Office, or Place of Profit or Trull, are nehimfclr. subject and liable unto by any of the Laws now in Force; and that every Proprietor of any the Annuities Evrry Proprietor or Debts abovementioned may, notwithstanding his being in any of the said Offices or Trulls, contract for the Price of his Annuity or liibscribe such Annuity or Debt in any of the Books to be opened and keptcn)nyr'" as aforesaid, and receive his Payment for the same, as if he were not in such Office or Trull, so as such a bscribe h i Contrail with him for the Price of his Annuity be made by the other Persons Intruded on Behalf of the Annuity, see, said Corporation, and so as the said Subscription (in case he be a Manager) be taken by two or more of the other Managers for taking the same Subscriptions; and that no Member of the same Corporation, in ivot to respeil of his Share or Shares in the said capital or increased capital Stock, shall be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of al or any of the Statutes made against or concerning

Bankrupts, and that no Stock in the said Company shall be subject and liable to any foreign Attachment mer.h. by the Cullom of the City of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute, Usage or Ctiftom to the contrary notwithstanding

And it is hereby enacted, That the Transfers or Alignments of the present capital Stock or in,

Stock, in the Books of the said Company, shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or htghcr^jr.'ip greater Stamp or other Duties than are now payable for the same; and that if any Person or Persons shall than row pay forge or counterfeit the common Seal of the same Company, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter any Bond able, or Obligation under the common Seal of the same Company, or shall offer to dispose of or pay away any latch forged, counterfeit or altered Bond, knowing the same to be such, or shall demand the Money Coantcrfetirg^ therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of the same Company or any of seai^'hsonds= their Officers, knowing such Bond or Obligation to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to de _ '

fraud the same Company or their Successors, or any other rerl on or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

LVII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Corporation Hull Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors for ever, shall remain, continue and be one lof^r>

Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain ^'eir j, cr^(y trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fiftiery, and shall have, Funds till the hold, receive and enjoy the said Annuity or yearly Fund of five hundred eighty l'even thousand three hundred Redemption forty-two Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, and the said Annuities or yearly Funds which, pursuant to 'hereof, this Act, hall or ought to be added thereunto by way of Increase as aforesaid, and the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, and the said yearly Sums to be added thereunto (by way of Increase for Management) pursuant to this Act, until the said Annuities and yearly Funds, and the said yearly Sums respectively shall be redeemed according to this Act, and shall have, hold and enjoy for ever all their Forts, Factories, Acquisitions, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, a.n<l ti, er sole Ben'fit of Trade in and to the South seas and elsewhere, with a perpetual Succession, and all Abilities, ac ustons* Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the same Governor and Company are or before the making of this Act were entitled by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Grant or Charter now in Force (all which are by this Act ratified, confirmed and made effectual to them and their Successors) freed and discharged of and from all former Provisoes, Powers,

Acts, Matters and Things whatsoever, for redeeming, determining or making void the same, or any of them; subject nevertheless to the Provisoes and Powers herein after contained for' redeeming the said present Annuity and yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company, and all Additions to be made thereunto, and the said yearly Sum of nine thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds' nine Shillings and sixpence for Charges of Management, and all Additions to be made thereunto, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are herein after specified in that Behalf.

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time after After =4 the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand jferf, e

seven hundred twenty seven, upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of mer ^de"capital chants of Great Britain, or their Successors, of the whole Sum whereof their said capital Stock, with all the stock.&c. yearly Additions which (for taking in the said annui.ies, Debts and Encumbrances) are to be made thereunto by Fund, to way of Increase as aforesaid, shall then conflfl, according to this Act, without any Deduction, defalca ceafcl tion or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and upon Payment of all Arrears which shall be then due at the respective Rates aforesaid, or either of them, for or upon the then Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company to be increased as aforesaid, and upon p'.yment of all Arrears of the said yearly Sums for Chirges of Management; all which Arrears (if any such be) shall be computed and paid to the quarterly feast day then next preceding, and from thence shall be computed and paid by the Day, till, the Time of such full Payment made of the capital Stock to be

increased

270 C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

increased as aforesaid; the said Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company, payable as aforesaid, and the Annuities or yearly Funds which shall be added thereunto pursuant to this Act, and the said yearly Sums to be allowed for Charges of Management as aforesaid, and every of them, hall from thenceforth cease and determine.

LIX. And in regard it is intended, That at any Time or Times after the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptisi which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty seven, the 1 Principal or Sum Total of the said Capital and to be increased Stock of the same Governor and Company, consisting of eleven millions seven hundred forty six thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds eight Shillings and ten Pence, and the Additions to be made thereunto as aforesaid, may be satisfied to the said Governor and Company by any Payments (not being less than one million of lawful Money of Great Britain at a Time); and that as the same principal Money shall be paid off, the said Annuity or yearly Fund of the same Governor and Company, and the Annuities or yearly Funds to be added thereunto as aforesaid,

After 14 June hall from Time to Time proportionably fink and be abated Be it therefore further provided and enacted 1727, on Pay by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times after the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John mentot any Sum Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty seven, upon Repay --^>7 a rnent by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, or their Successors, proportionable f" any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than one Million at a Time) in Part of the principal Part of the An Moneys whereunto the said Capital with all the Additions which, for taking in the said Annuities, Debts rarities shall and Encumbrances are to be made thereunto by way of Increase as aforesaid, hall then jointly amount ac ^geo cording to this Act, and upon Payment of all Arrearages then due to them at the respective Rates aforesaid, feftaq?' C or ehher of them, for or upon their said Annuity or yearly Fund increased or to be increased as aforesaid,

3 Geo. 2. c. 16. or so much of those Arrearages as fh.dl bear a Proportion to the principal Sums from Time to Time re

Geo. 2. c. 5. maining unsatisfied, being computed by the Day, until the Time of every such Payment of Part of the

5 Geo. 2. c. 17- Principal respectively; and upon Payment of all Arrearages then due for or upon the said yearly Sums for co' ?'c'lt Charges of Management; Then, from and after every such Payment so made to the same Governor and L G: o."a. c.i'. Company, or their Successors, so much of their said Annuity or yearly Fund, increased or to be increased

as aforesaid, as hall bear proportion to the Moneys so paid in part of the said Principal, shall cease, determine and be abated; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

After Redemp

LX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ion of the An Redemption of the said Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great jbritain, and of the additional Annuities or yearly Funds which are to be joined to the same as aforesaid be re !"and of the sail yearly Sums to be paid for Charges of Management as aforesaid, according to the several and deemed by Par, respective Provisoes or Conditions of Redemption in this Act contained, of or concerning the same, then liamen:. and not till then, so much of the said several Duties, Revenues and incomes as were by this Act applicable thereunto during the Continuance thereof, shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall not be issued, paid or applied to any Ule, Intent or Purpose whatsoever without Authority of Parliament: butthccc.rpjra nevertheless the same Corporation by the Name aforesaid shall for ever remain, continue and be one Body tic n to continue Corporate and Politic, and shall hive, hold and enjoy all their Forts, Factories, Acquisitions, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, foie Benefit of Trade in and to the South seas and elsewhere, and allb all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments that are or shall be by them purchased in Great Britain, not exceeding one thousand Pounds per Annum, with perpetual Succession, and all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the said Governor and Company are, or before the making this Act were entitled by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants or Charter now in Force; all which, and all the Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, now being in Force, are by this Act ratified, confirmed and made effectual to them and their Successors; the same Governor and Company and the Members thereof, without having any Share or Interest in the said yearly Funds, Payments or Annuities, or any of them, after the same shall be redeemed, shall have and be entitled to the foie and exclusive Benefits of Trade in and to the South seas and elsewhere, and such Power of Trade in the fishery, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force is directed, and all other Benefits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages (the said respective Annuities to them ifining or payable after such Redemption as aforesaid, only excepted) as if no such Redemption were had or made; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Things by

LXI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Abilities, any former Acts Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits an! Advantages whatsoever; or chaiters and all Pains of Death and other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and all Rules, Directions, meist#<for e°er°n" hods, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause or Clauses therein, or any Charter or Charters under the Great Seal of Great Britain, are enacted

or established to, for, touching or concerning the same Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or their Successors, or the Members of the same, or any Person or Persons employed or to be employe! under them (being in Force at or until the Time of making this Act, and not hereby determined or altered) shall for ever continue and be practised, and be put in Execution, for securing and paying the yearly Funds, Annuities and Iayments by this Act directed, and subject to the Provisoes for Redemption thereof in this Act contained, and also (as well after such Redemption as before) for securing the poflef flons. Trade and Business of the same Corporation, and for the Advantage of them and all Persons employed and to be employed under them, in all Respects, as fully rind effectually, to all Intents and Purposes.

271

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. 4.

vofes, as if the said Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Franchises, Privileges,

Profits and Advantages, and the said Pains of Death and other Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and he said Benefit of Trade, Rules, Directions, Methods, Articles, Matters and Things were severally related and at large re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

LXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Add contained shall obstruct ornot to h: nd*r tinder, or be conftmed to obstruct or hinder the Payment of any Part of the yearly Sum of seven hundred lt, t of

housand Pounds, settled during his Majesty's Life (which God long preserve) for Support of his Majesty's ||ycr

idoufltold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any Part of the Annuities granted by his jlviajery to his Royal Highness the Ptince of Wales, or his lyuftees, out of the same, pursuant to Acts oforthcanmriti<s Parliament in that Behalf; or to obstruct or hinder the Payment of the yearly Sum of four thousand Pounds to the Prime of payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament out of Part of the said Aggregate Fund to Sheriffs of England and Wales, for defraying the Charges of taking forth their Letters Patents for their respective Offices, and passing'^r i, cr^ their several Accounts, and obtaining their Quietus's, any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary Uurjc;, notwithstanding.

CLXIII. And whereas several of the Proprietors of the said pay tickets belonging to the said Lottery of So many of the - the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, which were not subscribed pursuant to the said former Act iby vckctt as in that Behalf, are or may be possessed of as many of the said pay tickets belonging to the same Lottery, "? n

1 as (in case the Numbers thereof were not broken or interrupted) would entitle them severally to an entire In 'jlte Lottery Annuity or Annuities for the Term of three and twenty Years abovementioned It is hereby declared 1710, may be and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases, upon producing such pay tickets for so much taken in as if as wiil make up such Annuity or Annuities for the said Term of three and twenty Years, the Bearer or Bearers thereof 111 all be admitted to contract for the Price or Prices of the same Annuity or Annuities; and j'n^up 'ed.6^such Annuity or Annuities may be taken in by Purchase or Subscription pursuant to this Act, as if all the Tickets for every such Annuity for the said three and twenty Years were of the same Number without being interrupted or broken; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And whereas several of the Proprietors of the said pay tickets may have sold, aliened or dif snmeproprietors posed of their Interest in one, two or three Years succeeding Payments of such pay tickets, Part of those 1>f the tick i' comprehended in the said Term of three and twenty Years: 'It is hereby provided and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors, having all the other pay tickets for the Residue of the 0'e< turonrthree said Term of three and twenty Years, may contract for or subscrib'e into the Books to be provided in pur yc?'rspayments fuance of this Act, that whole Term of and in the said Annuity or Annuities, and all the pay tickets for n ^yfubfciibethe the same, paying to the Person or Persons to be appointed to receive and take in the said pay tickets thewholc'i eim, C full Amount of such pay ticket or Tickets so sold, aliened or disposed, in Trust to pay and satisfy such Person or Persons as shall have Right to and be in possession of such pay tickets, when the Money for those Tickets respectively shall be demanded, and delivering up all the Reit of the pay tickets for the Term so subscribed for, as in this Act is before prescribed; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L&V. And whereas it hath so happened, that the Properties of several Tickets entitled to Benefits in Properties in the the respective Lotteries settled and established by the before mentioned two several Acts of Parliament Lotteries of passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign have not been adjusted in Manner as by the said Acts such 5 Geo. ic s.ss ' benefit tickets ought to have been adjusted, the Persons possessed thereof, their Agents or Assigns, not ^ot 9'

having appeared with the same before the Managers and Directors of the said Lotteries wfithin the Time Managers to' fct limited for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be tie the femety lawful to and for such of the same Managers and Directors as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury ssdee.iyao,*. shall think fit to appoint in this Behalf, to settle and adjull the Properties of any the Tickets in the said respective Lotteries that have not hitherto been settled and adjusted; the Persons possessed of the sail Tickets, their Agents or Assigns, do appear with the same before the same Managers and Directors, on or before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and the same Managers and Directors, or force or one of them, are hereby required to certify, not only the properties of and in all such Tickets as shall be claimed and adjusted before hem, within the Time aforesaid, but also of and in all such other ickets, the Properties whereof have been before claimed and adjusted, but not certified, as the respective Acts in that Case have directed and appointed; anything in the said Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the sub governor, deputy governor, Company not to the Directors, Managers, Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation of the Governor and com purchasecrovvn" pany of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encou the: raging the Fishery, shall upon the Account of the said Corporation, at any Time or Times, purchase any clown by way -< Lands or Revenues belonging to the Crown, or advance or lend to his Majesty, his Heirs of Successors, of Anticipation, j any Sum or sums of Money by way of Loan or Anticipation, on any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches,

Fund or Funds of the Revenues now granted or belonging, or hereafter to be granted or belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, other than such Fund or Funds, Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the said Revenues only on which a Credit of Loan is or shall be granted by Parliament; that then the said sub governor, deputy governor, Directors, Managers or Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation, who shall consent, agree to or approve of the advancing or lending to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, such Sum or sums of oney as aforesaid, and each and every of them so agreeing, consenting or approving, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit treble the Penalty for u

"Value of every such Sum or Sums of Money solent; whereof one fifth Part shall be to the Informer,

to Joing, be

272 C 4.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis

A.D. 1719.

recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or formation, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law, Essoin, Priviloge of Parliament or other Privilege

How the

4, 156, 3061. 4s. C 1 id. and the Sums to be paid alter the Rate of tour Years and a C half's Purchase and one year's C Purchase, shill be issued and applied. C

7 Geo. 1. sot. 2. C9 Geo. 2. c. 6. C

be

Information, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law, Lllom, Privilege of Parliament or other Privilege shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance, and the Residue to be disposed of towards public Uses as shall be directed by Parliament, and not otherwise.

LXVII. And whereas it is intended. That as well the abovementioned Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and every Part thereof, as the said Sums to be paid after the Rate of four Years and a half's Purchase, and also the said Sums to be paid after ihe Rate of one year's Purchase, and every of them, and every Part thereof, to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, as fall as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, shall be issued and applied in Manner following; 4 that is to say, That out of the first Moneys arising of or for the said several Sums so to be paid into the said Receipt, every or any of them, such public Debts and Encumbrances carrying Interest or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or more, incurred before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, founded upon any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf (not being Part of the capital Stock or Fund of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Brita'm) as are now redeemable, or may be redeemed at any Time or Times on or before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred twenty and two, shall be redeemed and paid off in the first Place; and that after the same shall be redeemed and paid off, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer for redeeming and paying off the same according to the true Meaning of this Act, then all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and of the said Sums to be computed after the said several Rates of four Years and ah half's Purchase and one year's 4 Purchase, and of every of them, and of every Part thereof, as the same Residues and Remainders, from Time to Time, shall grow due from the same Governor and Company, or their Successors, and as the same shall or ought to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall be applied for or towards paying off so much of the capital Stock and increased capita! Stock of the same Governor and Company as shall then carry Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that upon every such Pay mentor reserving Money as aforesaid to make such Payment, to the same Governor and Company, a 4 proportional Part of their Annuity or yearly Fund, or of their Annuity or yearly Fund to be increased as aforesaid, for which that Rate is or shall be payable, shall cease and determinenow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said several Sums to be paid after the said Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's ptir chase, and every of them, and every Part thereof, shall be applied in such Manner and Form as are before mentioned anti intended for the Application thereof (over and above the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund by this Act directed to be applied for leilening public Debts and Encumbrances, in such Manner and Form as are in this Act prescribed concerning the same) and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, and the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby directed and authorised to cause all the Moneys arising of or for the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said Sums to be paid after the Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's Purchase, and every of them, and every Part thereof, to be applied in the Manner and Form by this Act prescribed touching or concerning the same; and On every such that upon every such Payment, or reserving such Money in the Exchequer to make such Payment to the Payment a p said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, a proportional Part of their said Annuity or th^ncreafedan^ ycarty Fund or increased Annuity or yearly Fund, for which the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per nuity to '"cease. Annum shall be payable, for which so much of their capital Stock shall be paid off, or for which Money

Avail be so reserved from Time to contrary notwithstanding.

L ime, shall cease and determine; anything herein contained to the

3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

LXVIII. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, the Moneys to arise from Time to Time by certain Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys therein specified, were appropriated for discharging the Principal and Interest of such National Debts and In 4 cumbrances as were incurred before lie five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and were declared to be National Debts, and were provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as should he direct, d or appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be discharged therewith or out of the same; which Moneys so arising by the said Surplusses, txcesses and Overplus Moneys, are commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the said Fund, commonly so called the Sinking Fund, is like to be very much increased in confsquence of this present Act, by taking in several of the abovementioned Annuities and Debts, and settling (in lieu thereof) upon the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, Additions to their present Annuity or yearly Fund at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until and for the said Feast of the Na 4 tivity of Saint John bapti/i one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and afterwards at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per A muon, till Redemption thereof according to this Act: 'Now it is 5 much Money hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the Moneys, as at any arising before 14 Time or Times before the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of t /h"werpi'us>y our Ford one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, shall arise by the said Surplusses, Excelies and ilo.i s'called Overplus Moneys, with the said Increase thereof, as shall or may remain in the Exchequer after discharging

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4. 273

so much as remains unsatisfied of the Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, mentioned in the Sinlnrj an Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign for cancelling such exchequer bills as are therein spe funo'/ "istic eified, and after discharging.such Payments as shall be charged or chargeable on the said Sinking Fund, or, !: cr, tb the Increase thereof, by any aether Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament, and after paying off such !f[crvooooi public Debts and Encumbrances carrying Interest, or an Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per by; Oco. C 3'. Centum per Annum, or any higher Interest: or Annuity, founded upon any former Actor Adds of Parliament's complete, J in that Behalf (not being Part of the capital Stock or Fund of the said Governor and Company of Mer: ind asset dir' chants of Great Britain) as may be redeemed before the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John baptist^a^"i5(j one thousand seven hundred twenty and seven, shall and may be applied at the End of every Year, so far t)?ekinkin as such Remainder of the said Surplusses, Exccfies and Overplus Moneys will front Time to 'i'ime extend, Fund, t C e by even Sums of one hundred thousand Pounds at a Time for or towards paying off Part of the capitaldcc:, 'dblc Were Stock of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, which Audi carry the said Ra; emulru "0'cr of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and upon every such Payment a proportional Part of their Annuity, ); e(, or yearly Fund payable at that Rate for so much of the said capital Stock as shall be so paid off, front by cten Time to Time, shall ccafe and determine; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or jo, ogo1. to, more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby diredkd and authorised so eause ward" p.ijingvi the Moneys so arising of or for the said Sinking Fund, other than and except as aforesaid, to be applied1^ai^an'in*'" for or towards the paying off such public Debts and Encumbrances, and for or towards paying off such interest Part of the capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and redu percent, cinga proportional Part of their Annuity or yearly Fund accordingly; any former Law or Statute to thefartur pnvi contrary notwithstanding. fateemtmrg

° South oea Company 6 Geo. 1. C II 7 Geo. I. C 7 Geo. j. fiat. 2. 8 Geo. I. C 20, 21 £? 22.9 Geo. I. C 6. 1 Geo. 2. c. 8. 3 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20. 4 Geo. 2. c. 5.

5 Geo. 2. c. 17. 6 Geo. 2. c. 25 £? 28. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17, 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 & 11. 26 Geo. 2. 16.

LXIX. And whereas a great Number of Bills, commonly called exchequer bills, were made forth and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer by virtue of former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and the far greatest: Part of the said Bills so made forth have since been discharged and cancelled at the said Receipt, pursuant to the same or other Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, and particularly Provision was made by an Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign for applying the Sum of five hundred and twent - thousand Pounds therein mentioned towards discharging such Bills, out of the said

Surplusses, Exeesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, Part of which Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds hath accordingly been applied, and the Residue thereof, as it shall come into the Exchequer, will be applicable thereunto; and after the Application thereof the prin cipal Moneys to remain due upon such of the said Bills as will then be in or out of the Exchequer uncan celled and undischarged, will, by Estimation, amount unto eight hundred ninety six thousand six hun died sixty two Pounds ten Shillings, or thereabouts, besides Interest: on them, or some of them: 'Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three 9, a'reforcallin£ or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall, by public Notice in Writing to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and published in the London Gazette, prefix a certain Day by remainln^un = or before which all the said Residuary Bills so estimated to amount to eight hundred ninety six thousand cancelled, six hundred sixty two Pounds ten Shillings, or thereabouts, shall be brought in and delivered to such amounting to Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High s96»662i- Iot Treasurer for the Time being shall appoint to receive the same, at or near the said Exchequer, to be changed for new Bills, as is herein after directed; and that all such of the said Residuary Bills Handing out, as shall not be brought in upon such Notice to be exchanged for new Bills as aforesaid, within the Time or Times thereby to be signified, shall lose their Currency, and no Interest shall grow due thereupon after the Day to be prefixed as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Trea Chute forma fury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall eause new Bills to jf!.n£ forth new be prepared and made at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they shall think ceedtngthufime most convenient, for any Sum or Sums of Money whereof the Principal shall not exceed the said Sum ofsum, in lira eight hundred ninety six thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds ten Shillings, adding thereunto the In thereof, terest moneys which shall appear to be due thereupon; which new Bills shall he made forth to bear an interest not exceeding the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or High Treasurer for the Time being, shall eause the said Residuary Bills to be cancelled and discharged, and, as fall as the said Residuary Bills shall be brought in, cancelled and discharged, shall eause new Bills in lieu thereof to be delivered to the respective Bearers of the said.

Bills, so that for every principal Sum contained in any of the said Residuary Bills so cancelled and discharged, a new Bill (of the new Bills abovementioned) containing the like principal Sum shall be delivered to the said Bearers respectively; and that such new Bills which shall be so delivered to any Teller or Tellers of the Exchequer, as the Bearers of any the said Residuary Bills, shall (instead of such Residuary Bills so brought in and cancelled) be placed in their respective Offices as so much Cash.

Provided always, That in case Proof shall be made upon Oath of one or more credible wit on °-, till 1, iat nesses before the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the Coif, of his Majesty's Court of ex chequer, or any of them, that any of the said Residuary Bills, amounting to eight hundred ninety six jenw, thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds ten Shillings, or thereabouts, were by Casualty or Milchance Bills to t'e deli

Vol. V. Nr lost wrtrd in

'the«of.

C 4. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed before the second Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and shall by such Oath ascertain the Numbers and Sums of such Bill or Bills; and if thereupon the said Chief Baron, and other the said Barons, or any of them, before whom such Proof was made, shall certify that he or they is or are satisfied in such Proof; that then and in every such Case the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the 'i'ime being, are hereby authorised to cause a new Bill or Bills (of the new Bills before mentioned) to be delivered in lieu of the Bill or Bills so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in and cancelled; provided the Person or Persons so receiving the same do give Security to his Majesty (to the good Liking of the Person or Persons who shall be appointed to take in the old Bills as aforesaid) to pay into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, so much Money as is contained in such new Bill or Bills, in case the original Bill or Bills so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed, be, hereafter produced.

sou#i seacom '

LXXII. And whereas the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain (in confide iwenyeare^rom raton f the Advantages which may possibly accrue to them by increasing as well their capital Stock, Midsummer as their Annuity or yearly Fund, and also their Allowance for Charges of Management, upon such 1720, willing to Terms und Conditions as are in and by this Act prescribed in that Behalf) are willing from Time furnish Money to Time, during the Term of seven Years, to be reckoned from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint tbdi"whins^y°^n Hxptijt one thousand seven hundred and twenty, to furnish, supply and pay to such Trustees as

tw; S*mi all be chosen and constituted, as is herein after mentioned, so much ready Money in the lawful

Chjrge, Coins of this Realm, as shall be sufficient to enable such Trustees to exchange all such of the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, as shall be demanded at the public Office of the said

Trustees, at any Time or Times within the said Term of seven Years, by paying in such ready Money

upon every such Demand, all the principal Moneys contained in every such Bill, and the Interest which shall then be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Bills shall be demanded,

and are willing at their own proper Colt and Charges to bear, defray and allow, out of the Money so to be furnished from Time to Time, so much as shall be so paid by the said Trustees, for Interest upon the Bills so demanded and exchanged from Time to Time, within or during the Term last mentioned; provided the said Trustees do from Time to Time, upon exchanging of every such new Bill as aforesaid, take in the Bill so exchanged, and shall stand possessed of the same (as to the principal Moneys therein contained, and the interest nionies to grow due thereupon, during the Times they shall be in the Hands or Power of the said Trustees) in Trull for the said Governor and Company of mer nd a Proportion chants of Great Britain, and their successors, and shall be answerable and accountable to them for the circujatfng other same Moneys, or the Value thereof in like Bills, as is herein after mentioned; and in case during this or Bills to be made any future Session or Sessions of Parliament any other Act or Acts of Parliament be or shall be made, for {qtth. 4 making forth any further Sum or Sums in exchequer bills to be circulated by Trustees at or near

the Exchequer, and to be current at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of seven Years,

or for any Part of the same Term, at the said Exchequer, and in the public Revenues and Taxes, upon - ' Credit of such Fund or Security, or of such Moneys to be borrowed thereupon, as by Authority of Pari

liament shall be established or appointed to support the Currency thereof; then and in every such Case the said Governor and company of Merchants of Great Britain, for the Consideration aforesaid, are willing ( from Time to Time during the said Term of seven Years, or for so much of that Term as the said exchequer bills to be made forth by such other or future Act or Acts of Parliament, shall have a <*joint Currency with the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or be current together, or at the same Time) to furnish, supply and pay to such I rustees as shall be chosen or constituted as in this Act is afterwards mentioned, in the lawful Coins of this Realm, a proportional Part of such ready Money as shall be sufficient to enable the same Trustees to exchange all or any the bills which shall be so current (whether they be Bills made forth by virtue of this at, or by any other Act or Acts of this or any future Session of Parliament) as often as any such Bill shall be demanded within the said Term of seven Years, by paying all the principal Moneys contained in such Bill, and the Interest which shall upon every such Demand be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as the same shall be demanded;

which proportional Parts shall from Time to Time be ascertained and determined in Manner following,

(that is to say) as the Sum Total of the principal Moneys contained in all the said Bill's then uncancelled

and undischarged shall be to ten hundred thousand Pounds, so the whole Sum which at any Time or Fish during the said Term shall be necessary and called for to support the Currency of all the said Bills,

shall be to the proportional Part to be furnished by the same Governor and Company towards supporting Freasury to such currency be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of his Katne three, and majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall, on the Company asgeha]f of the Public, name three such Persons as they shall judge to be fit for executing the Trusts rela fty cheating ns to exchequer bills in and by this Act intended, and that the said Governor and Company of Merchants ioe new Bills, of Great Britain, or their Court of Directors on their Behalf, shall forthwith nominate three other Persons (being Members of their own Company, or any others) as they shall judge to be fit for executing the said Trusts in and by this Act intended; and that upon such several Nominations the said Commissioners of the i Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and may, from i Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals (to be registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, and to be enrolled in the office of the Clerk of the Pells there).t sonflitute and appoint all the Persons whiclv shall be so chosen or nominated to be Trustees for circulating:

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4. 275

exchequer bills, with Power to them, or any four or more of them, to receive as well the Moneys to be

furnished by the said Governor and Company pursuant to this Act, as the Moneys which by any other or

future Act or Acts of Parliament shall be issuable at the Exchequer for supporting the Currency thereof;

and that the Trustees so to be constituted shall keep an Office at or near the Exchequer in Westminster, to itc< p oft: C

to which the respective Bearers of the said Bills may, at all seasonable Times of the Day (Sundays and o: warth;

Holidays excepted) resort to have their Bills exchanged for ready Money upon Demand. Exchequer.

LXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of Mcr Company to fur chants of Great Britain, and their successors, or their Court of Directors on their Behalf shall, and they7^7 are hereby enjoined and required from Time to Time, during the said Term of seven Years, to furnish, ci rcuv'ion!,supply, and pay to such Trustees as shall be chosen or constituted, as aforesaid, so much ready Money in the new nill, the lawful Coins of this Realm, as shall be sufficient to enable such Trustees to exchange all such of the not exceed in said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, as shall be demanded at the said public Office of the said '.oooo.oco!. for Trustees, at any Time or Times within the said Term of seven Years, by paying (in such ready Money) fet2u V e, !rs' upon every such Demand, all the principal Moneys contained in every such Bill, and the Interest which shall then be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Bill shall be demanded, so as all the principal Sums to be, contained in all the new Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act: (in lieu of all the Principal and Interest due upon the said old Bills) do not in the whole exceed ten hundred thousand tounds; and the same Governor and Company shall at their own proper Colt and Charges bear, defray, and allow out of the Money so to be furnished from Time to Time, so much as shall be so paid by the said Trustees for Interest upon the Bills so demanded and exchanged from Time to Time, within Or during the Term last mentioned.

LXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, and they tn flces tc are hereby enjoined and required, from Time to Time, upon exchanging every such Bill which shall have, been made forth by virtue of this Act, take in the Bill so exchanged, and shall Hand possessed of the same ie asto the principal Moneys therein contained, and the interest moneys to grow due thereupon, during the Times they shall be in the Hands or Power of the said Trustees) in 7 rust for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, and shall be answerable and accountable to them for the same principal Moneys, and the interest moneys to grow due thereupon during the Times they shall be in the Hands or Power of the said Trustees, or the Value thereof in like Bills, as is herein after mentioned.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case during this or any future if any further Session or Sessions of Parliament, any other Act or Acts of Parliament be or shall be made for making forth Sums be to be any further Sum or Sums in exchequer bills to be circulated by Trustees at or near the Exchequer, and lflued e*cj'e* to be current at any Time or Times within or during the said 7 erm of seven Years, or for any Part of the ^tcompany same 7'erm, at the said Exchequer, and the public Revenues and axes, upon Credit of such Fund or/haii furnish a Security, or of such Moneys to be borrowed thereupon, as by Authority of Parliament shall be established cropovtionalpart or appointed to support the Currency thereof; then and in every such Case, the said Governor and com of rca<b Money pany of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors, for the Consideration aforesaid shall, and they fo/fev years are herebyenjoined and required, by themselves, or their Court of Directors for the ime being ( from Time to Time, during the said Term of seven Years, or for so much of that Term as the said exchequir bills to be made forth by such other or future Act or Acts of Parliament, shall have a joint Currency with the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or be current together or at. the same Time) to furnish, supply and pay to such Trustees as shall be chosen or constituted by this Act, as aforesaid, in the lawful Coins of this Realm, a proportional Part of such ready Money as shall be sufficient to enable the same Trustees to exchange all or any the Bills which shall be so current (whether they be Bills made forth by virtue of this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of this or any future Session of Parliament) as often as any such Bills shall be demanded within the said Term of seven Years, by paying all the principal Moneys contained in such Bills, and the Interest which shall upon every such Demand be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as the same shall be demanded, which proportional Parts shall, from Time to Time, be ascertained and determined in such Manner and Form as are before mentioned in that Behalf; and that the same Governor and Company shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, bear, defray, and allow out of the said proportional Money so by them to be furnished from Time to ime, a like Proportion of the Moneys which shall have been paid by the said Trustees for Interest upon the Bills so demanded and exchanged (whether they be Bills made forth by virtue of this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of this or any future Session of Parliament, (as aforesaid) within or during the said 7'erm of seven Years: nevertheless the said Trustees, upon exchanging the said Bills (during the Time of such joint Currency, as aforesaid) or any of them, shall be and are hereby obliged to take in the same Bills so exchanged, and to be answerable and accountable to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and theif Successors, for such Part of the principal Sums contained therein, and the interest moneys to grow due chereupon, during the Times they shall be in the Hands or Power of the said Trustees, as shall bear a just Proportion to the coined Moneys which the same Governor and Company shall have furniaied and advanced for or towards the exchanging of the same, which Proportions of the principal Sums so paid by way of Exchange, from Time to ime, and of the Interest last mentioned, shall and may be made good to the said Governor and Company out of the same, or other exchequer bills then current, as is herein after mentioned.

Nil 2

276 C 4.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

L — i CI A.D. 1 jig,

tiurt es dwil

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the choosing and constituting once*n 14 Days fych Trustees as aforesaid, during the said Term of seven Year;, they the said trustees for the Tin e being, treafuaind once in every fourteen Days at the farthest, make up and deliver, as well to the Commissioners of the

Company, Ac Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, as also to the said Governor and Company of Merchants counts ot all the of Great Britain, or to their Court of Directors, or their Cashier for the Time being, a just, true and Moneys furnished perfect Account in Writing, signed by the said Trustees, or four or more of them, of all the Moneys or n8in8 ^>roport ons of Money, which within the Time of every such Account shall have been furhiftied to them the o, ic. said Trustees for or towards circulating or exchanging the said exchequer bills, or any of them, or for

Payment of Interest thereupon, distinguishing how much thereof shall have been furnished by or on the Behalf of the same Governor and Company, and how much thereof (if any) shall have been furnished on account of the Publick, pursuant to any other or future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and how much of the same Money furnished by the same Governor and Company, shall or ought to be born or allowed by them for Interest, or for the proportional Part of Interest which they shall or ought to bear at their own Charge, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and shall together with every such Account deliver to the same Governor and Company, or to their Court of Directors, or their Cashier for their Use, so many exchequer bills then current as by the Moneys then due thereupon shall 'amount to the Total of the principal Sums contained in the Bills which were so exchanged by or with the Money or Proportions of Adoney furnished by the same Governor and Company, as aforesaid

may '

LXXVII. And for better preserving the Credit and Currency of the said Bills to be made forth by" the Company for*v'rtuc f this or any other or future Act or Acts, as aforesaid, 'It is hereby further enacted by the this Purpose. Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, upon receiving any Account or Accounts, as aforesaid, from the said Trustees by any Notice in Writing to be given or left at the public Office of the same Governor and Company, to call for and require such Sums, from Time to Time;, to be furnished and paid by them to the said Trustees for the exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or for their Proportion thereof (not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds at a Time) as the said Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, judge to be necessary in that Behalf; and that the said Sums so called for shall, from Time to Time, be furnished by the same Governor and Company accordingly, within four Days after every such Notice given or left.

Trustees to ex

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees to be constituted: for ready as aforesaid (being from Time to Time furnished with Money of the lawful Coins of this Realm, for the pubtckofficeall Purpose aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act) shall, and they are hereby enrols brought to joined and required at their said public Office to exchange for ready Money all such of the said Bills to them. be made forth by virtue of this or any other or future Act or Acts of Parliament, as aforesaid, as from Time to Time, or at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of seven Years, shall be in the Hands of any Person or Persons, and within the same Term shall be demanded of the same Trustees, or at their Public Office, to be exchanged for ready Money, by paying unto all such Person and Persons in ready Adoney, the principal Sum or Sums for which such Bill or Bills so required to be exchanged shall have been issued, or which the Owner or Owners of such Bills shall be entitled unto by the same Bill or Bills respectively, together with Interest which shall have grown due thereupon, for any Time or Times within the said Term of seven Years, and shall at the Time of any such Demand be due on such Bill or Bills respectively, and so toties quoties, as often as such Bill or Bills shall be demanded, as aforesaid, within the said Term of seven Years.

Ready Money

LXXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having ed*?or billton n k's or their Custody any of the said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this or any other which 6 months°r future Act or Acts, as aforesaid, upon which six Months Interest, or more, shall be due and unpaid interest is due. at any Time or Times during the said Term of seven Years, shall and may, from Time to Time, demand and receive of and from the said Trustees for the Time being (they being furnished with Money, as aforesaid) all the Interest so due and unpaid, which the same Trustees are hereby directed and required to pay and discharge accordingly.

Persons concern

LXXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Governor, sub go no/difawed from vernors deputy governor or Director of the said South S: a Company, or any of the said Trustees, or being Members other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be entrusted or any ways concerned in or about the cir of Parliament, culation or exchanging of the said exchequer bills, or any of them, pursuant to this Act, shall for that nr liable to be Cause only be disabled from being a Member of Parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt Bankrupts. within the Intent or Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts;

any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

These Rills to be

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all anil every the exchequer bills current in the to be made forth, as aforesaid, and to be current at any Time or Times, within the said Term of seven Years, shall be received and taken by, and shall pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or of any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment or Loan there to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for or upon any Account, Cause or Oc

castoii

A.D. 17rg. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 4. 277

cafi.in whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this act: And that such of the same Bills if received at Oie as shall be so received at the Exchequer shall and may be locked up, and secured as Caflr according to^kcj uas0 e the Course of the Exchequer settled and established by Law, for locking up and securing Money in u? ° Specie received there,; and that all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain, of the Customs, Receive'?, e. Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall out of Money in or may hereafter be, gran ted j due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall and are hereby 'hr 1 directed and required, but of any current coined Money, as shall then be in his or their Hands of such j^jj Jn6 "e! Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply, to pay such of the same Bills as shall be brought to them respectively, by "

; any Person. or Persons desiring to have Money for the same; and in case any such Receiver or Collector Receivers 'c/u' shall refuse or neglect to exchange such Bills for ready Money, by the Space of four and twenty Hours, Ay rna" " the Person or Persons demanding the same, shall or may bring an action of Debt or on the Case, for b '

I the Principal and interest monies due upon such Bill or Bills, against such Receiver or Collector having Money in his Hands, as aforesaid, in which action the Plaintiff shall or may declare, that such Receiver or Collector is indebted to such Plaintiff in the Money demanded upon every such Bill according to the Form of the Statute, and hath not paid the same, which shall be sufficient'; and the Plaintiff in every such 1 Action shall recover against the Receiver or Collector not only the Moneys so refused or neglected to be paid, but also his Damages, with full Cods of Suit, and such Receiver or Collector shall be subject and liable thereunto; and in such action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed,

: or more than one Imparlance; and upon Payment of the Moneys so to be recovered, the Plaintiff, his Executors or Assigns, shall deliver up such Bills to the Defendant, his Executors or Assigns.

lxxxii. And be it further enacted, That as any of the (hid Bills to be made forth by virtue of this or Tallin to i any other or future act or acts, as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, within or during the ! said Term of seven Years, or, within or during any. Part of that Term, be paid or lent into the Exchequer ule Exchequer! by any his Majesty's Receivers, or other Person. or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any, '

Payment or Loans at that Receipt, the Officers there shall cause Tallies to be levied and delivered to the Payers or Lenders, as amply and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if. they had made such Payments or Loans in Specie.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which shall, from Time Interest Jus on to Time, be due upon any the Bills so to be current, as aforesaid, shall be allowed to all Persons, byr* Bodies Politic and Corporate, paying the same to any Receiver or Collector, Receivers or Collectors, CC ver, of any his Majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, or by way of Exchange, as aforesaid, or paying or lending the same into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, to the respective Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid, exchanged or lent.

LXXXIV. Provided always, That no Interest shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bill or Bills No Inteeft or during the Time that any such Bill or Bills so paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in the Hands of any the 0t t!; 'r the said Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller, or Tellers of the Exchequer, but for ovhtthe Exch -- such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease, and the said Governor and Company of mer quer. chants of Great Britain shall not be obliged to bear or pay any Part or Proportion of, the Interest so saved^'

And to the end it may be known for what Time such Bills bearing Interest shall, from timep?rl ons paying to Time, remain in the Hands of such Receiver or Collector, or in the Exchequer aforesaid: it further^ls^>c enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons who shall pay any such Bill or Bills bear ye their " ing Interest to any Receiver or Collector of any his Majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, by Names, and way of Exchange or otherwise, or shall pay or lend such Bill or Bills so bearing Interest into the Exchequer, Time when. as aforesaid, shall at the Time of making such Payment, Exchange or loan, on each Bill bearing Interest, i'311* mt and so paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he, -, (lie or they so paid, lent or exchanged such Bill or Bills bearing Interest, all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively. also the respective Tellers in the Exchequer, shall take care to see done and performed accordingly, to which respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall be allowed again the Interest which he, she or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his, her or their paying the same into the Receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. Provided also, be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said And the Time Bills, or any of them, may be re issued and paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer; and when the fiimeof re issuing to shall be re issued or paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, the respective Teller there, from whole be ali lilda)t?d> Office such Bill or Bills bearing Interest shall be fore issued or again paid out, shall endorse on the same Bill or Bills sore issued, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which the same were sore issued or repaid out of the said Exchequer, and also on what Account the same were last received into the Receipt of Exchequer, and sign the same, front which Time the Interest of such Bill or Bills sore issued or paid again shall revive, and such Bill or Bills shall again run and pass at interest, as the same did before they were paid unto or exchanged by the said Receivers or Collectors, or before the same were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That the same Bills to be re issued from Time to Time, or at Bills re miied to any Time at the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall be fore issued for the principal Money to be contained bear the same therein, and for so much Interest as was due thereon, and allowed by the Teller at the respective Time and I, ltcr.cft aswhe= Times when such Bill and Bills were last paid into the Exchequer, p3ld in'

LXXXVIII

278 G. 4.

Anno sexto

Georgii Regis. A.D.

1719-

Receivers Gent LXXXVJH. And be it anadlqcl, That every receiver-general of any the Revenues, Aids, Taxes or ral tokeepbooks Supplies, belonging or tobelong to his Majesty, his Heirs or succdtors, shall keep a fair Book or Book Moneys 0' Accounts in Writing, of all the Moneys by him received, in which he or his Deputy or Deputies shall inpcnalt 'o't'truly enter all the Sums which flrall have been received by him or them, for every such Revenue, Aid,; oo J. J Tax or Supply, together with the Names of the several Collectors from whom the same or any Part thereof was received, the Days when, and the Sums paid, how much thereof in Money, and how much in such exchequer bills, and what exchequer bills shall have been exchanged by every such receiver-general, pursuant to this Act, to which Accounts every Person concerned shall have free Access at all rea ionable Times, without Fee or Charge, and the said Accounts shall constantly lie open atone certain Place within, the Limits of his Receipt for that Purpose; and if such Receiver flrall nfegledt to keep such Book or Books, or to enter therein any Sum or Sums, of Money by him or them received and paid, as aforesaid, by the Space of three Days after the Receipt or Payment of the same, or shall refuse any Person or Persons concerned to inspect such Book or Books without Fee or Charge, as aforesaid, every such Receiver for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue' for the lame, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, V herein no 'Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than 011c Imparlance.

Hills filled up by

LXXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of indorsements, the exchequer bills, which shall be made forth by virtue of this Act, shall be filled up by Writing, or make forth new Endorsements to be made thereon, as aforesaid, or shall by any Accident be defaced. It - shall and maybe m. lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high Treasurer

for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorised and enjoined (by their or his Discretions) from Time to Time, to cause new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of such Bills which shall be so filled up or defaced, which Bills so filled up or defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of Exchequer, and kept, there on a File or Files for that Purpose, and such Bills so to be made forth in lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all Respects be subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance as the Bills so filled up or defaced were intended to have by this Act, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, and principal Sums, and carry the like interefi, as were born and carried by the Bills so cancelled respectively

_ And it is hereby enacted, That for the greater Ease and Dispatch of the public Business at the Exchequer, It flrall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, of any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he or they are hereby authorised and enabled (in case he or they shall so think fit) at the Request of the said Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain for the Time being, to cause exchequer bills for any large Sums not exceeding five thousand Pounds each, to be made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, and to be placed as Cash in the same Receipt in lieu of the like Value of the Principal contained in exchequer bills, made forth by virtue of this Act for lesser Sums, which at the Time of making such large Bills shall happen to be in the said Receipt, which shall be at the same Time cancelled and discharged, and be kept there on a File for that Purpose, which new Bills for such large Sums shall or may be blued at the said Receipt, and have the same Currency, and in all Respects be subject to the same Rules, Methods, Continuance, and carry the like interefi, and have the same Security, Benefit and Advantages, and the same Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Crime or Offence relating thereunto, shall be infiidted, incurred, and put in Execution, as if they had been Bills originally iil ued by virtue of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any exchequer bills, which shall be made forth by virtue of this Actor be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this Actor any Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeited Bill, or any exchequer bill made forth by this Act with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or shall demand to have such counterfeit Bill, or any exchequer bill with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who flrall he obliged or required to exchange the same, pursuant to this Act, knowing the Bill so tendred inpayment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain., or the said Trustees, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Trustees to have XCII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees shall from Time to Time have the thecheques, C Use and Custody of one Part of all the Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils of all the exchequer bills to bedeh ered back current on this Act, and from which the said Bills shall be cut, in order to prevent their being imposed at the End of the upon by counterfeited or forged Bills; and that such Parts of the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils set sn Years, shall be delivered back into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the said Trustees for the Time being, at the End or sooner Determination of the said Term of seven Years.

Rills for large Sums not exceeding 5000 1. each, may be ifiuedj C

Forging exchequer bills, Felony.

XCIII

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii rrcgis. C 4. >279

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as often as any Interest upon the Exchequer No Intend to a bills to be made forth, by virtue of this or any other or further Act or Acts, as aforesaid, shall be demand IA" 13um d »> to be paid by the said Trustees for the Time being, they shall not be obliged to pay for such Interest to a lcnny any loter Sum than one Penny upon such Bill, in case a ingle jjill be produced for Payment, 'or for the Total of the Interest of such Bills, where two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided also, and it is hereby declared and en atted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any if Provision 6? Time or Times hereafter Provision illaji be made by Authority of Parliament of so much Money, in the inde br*7rlia' lawful Coins of this Kingdom, as shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Principal and Interest ^difeha.p"tfc which shall be due upon the said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid, or Rills, or any any Proportion thereof at a Time; and if by like Authority the same coined Moneys shall be actually fan thereof, the brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer for that Purpose, then the same shall be applied for, or fami: to b. c. towards the paying off and discharging the same Bills, or such Proportion thereof, so far as such Money ed lhcrel°* will extend, by paying to the respective Bearer or Bearers of the same Bill or Bills then landing out, the Principal and Interest which shall be due thereupon, and by placing the same coined Money, or any Part thereof, in lieu of any the said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, which shall then be in the Office or Offices of any Teller or 'Fellers of the Exchequer to answer such Payments, whereunto the same Bills so remaining in such Office or Offices shall then be legally subject or liable; which Payments shall be answered with the said Money in Specie, under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as are prescribed. by any former Laws or Statutes, concerning the Money for which such Bills did lie in the Exchequer, to prevent the diverting or misapplying the same; and from and after such Payments to the Bearer or Bearers, or such placing of Money in lieu of Bills in the said Office or Offices of the said Teller or Tellers to answer such Payments, as aforesaid (and not foonerj the several and respective Bills themselves which shall be so paid oft", or for which coined Money shall be so placed, Avail be cancelled; and the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their Successors shall repay to the respective Tellers so much Interest as remained due upon the same Bills respectively, at the Time or Times when they were last paid into the Exchequer before the cancelling thereof; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if before the said twenty-fourth Day of juneif the Bills be one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, coined Money shall not be raised and brought into the Ex sot, dli7'iarcgcl1 chequer, sufficient to pay off and discharge all the said Exchequer Bills which shall be made forth by virtue theyftaft of this Act, that then and in such Cofe, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day, of June one thousand be discharged by. seven hundred and twenty seven, the said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of thus Act, or fothesinking many of them as shall not have been paid oft' and discharged by such coined Money, as aforesaid, shall be Fund' and are hereby charged upon and made payable by and out of the first Money which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, arise into the Exchequer for or by the aforesaid Surplusses, Excesses, and overplus Moneys herein before denominated the Sinking Fund, or by or out of Moneys to be raised thereon by way of Loan, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and the same Bills, or such of them as shall so remain unfinished, shall be cancelled and discharged in such manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall dressed; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Governor and Directors with Company of Merchants of Great Britain, for the Time being, (with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, jftcrthcssiori and not otherwise) may at any Time or Timesafter the End of the Session of Parliament which shall next of Parliament happen after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, by Writing, to which shall he be signed by the Secretary of the same Court, and to be affixed upon the Exchange of London, and by after 24 Junc Publication in the London Gazette, declare and direct, if they shall so see Cause, and think fit, the said.17*1'

Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or any Number or Part of them, to carry a higher In bhis't'^c terest than the said rate of twopence 'per Centum per Dian, for such Time or Times as shall be men made tioned in such Writing or Writings and Publication, as aforesaid, so as the whole Interest on such Bills do.this Act, shall not exceed the Rate of threepence per Centum per Diem And for the greater Accommodation and Eafc carry, a higher of paying the Bills so be made forth by V irtue of this Act, or any of them, to the Receivers and Collectors Rate of interest. the public Revenues; and into the Receipt of Exchequer, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Treasury at the any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, have hereby Power, at the Re re<lueft of the quest of the said Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain for the make for thehjs Ti me being, to make forth, or cause to be made forth, any of the said exchequer bills to be made forth without bearing by virtue of this Act, without bearing any Interest; nevertheless those Bills so made forth without interest. bearing any Interest, may' from Time to lime, be made to carry such Interest not exceeding the said Rate of threepence per Centum per Diem, as the Court of Directors of the same Company shall by Writing signed by the said Secretary, and to be affixed upon the Exchange of London, and published in the London Gazette, signify and declare in that Behalf.'r. 1 r, '

XCVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times If before 24 before the said twenty-fourth Day of Jane one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, any Exchequer j"n j7-7- an' bills, or Bills in the Nature of exchequer bills, shall be made forth or be current in the public. Revenues '^vfcius*u!-

or

sbo C 5. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

made forth by or Exchequer of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, by Authority of Parliament (other than and except Parliament, the such exchequer bills as shall be made forth by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and other than and noth obliged 'except such exchequer bills, or Bills in the Nature of exchequer bills, as shall be issued by virtue of any to°exchange' other Act of this Session of Parliament; and other than and except such exchequer bills, or Bills in the them. ° Nature of exchequer bills, as shall be circulated by virtue of any future Act or Acts of Parliament upon the Credit of the Exchequer, or of the public Money which shall be brought into the Exchequer, or of such Money which the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time: being, shall be empowered by Parliament to borrow, to support the Currency of such exchequer bills) then from and after such Currency of any exchequer bills, or Bills of the Nature of exchequer bills (other than and except, as aforesaid) the said Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, shall not be obliged to furnish Money for exchanging any jxxchequer bills, pursuant to this Act, or to bear or pay any Interest, or Proportion of Interest, which from thenceforth hall grow due thereupon; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasury, cut XCVI Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said commis of the sinking f; oners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, hall the chargs ot have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of executing" this the Moneys to arise of or for the said Surpluses, Excessies, and overplus Moneys, commonly called the Act. Sinking Fund, or of or for the Increase thereof, to be made in Consequence of this Act, from Time to Time, as well to the respective Managers and Directors to be constituted for taking in the abovementioned Annuities and Debts, and performing such other Matters as are by this Act required to be performed by 'such Managers and Directors, and to the Persons who shall be appointed for taking the said Orders and Tickets, and for performing such other Matters as ate by this Act required to be performed by them, and to the said Trustees, who shall be appointed for exchanging the said exchequer bills, and for performing such other Matters as are by this Act required to be performed by those Trustees respectively, such Salaries and Allowances for the Charges, Pains and Sendee of themselves, and those who shall be employed under them respectively in those respective Trulls, as they the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being hull, from Time to Time, think just and reasonable in that Behalf; and also to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed out of the same Moneys arising as aforesaid, the necessary Charges for taking in and cancelling the residuary exchequer bills, and making forth new Bills in lieu thereof, pursuant to this Act 3 and to allow and pay, or cause to be allowed and paid out of the said Money to arise as aforesaid, any reasonable Charges for Books, Clerkship, or other Matters and Things which shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, by or by the Order or Direction of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed thereunto, or employed therein by them the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three CC m hgex. or more of them, or by the said High Treasurer for the Time being, and not otherwise; anything in cb: qjir-bish this or any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

fe; farik r S

Gei* a 20. 2* 12» 33 Ge. 2. C 1, is, 21, 23. 1 Geo. 3. c. 18 2c.

CAPE V

An act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain.

WHEREAS the House of Lords of Ireland have of late, againstlaw, affirmed to themselves a W Power and juntdiction to examine, correct and amend the Judgments and Decrees of the Courts of Justice in the Kingdom of Ireland therefore for the better securing of the Dependency of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain, May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be declared, and be it declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of The Kingdom the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the au ut" Ireland is thority of the same, That the said Kingdom of Ireland hath been, is, and of Right ought to be subordi gre tbri ain nate llnto an dependent upon the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, as being inseparably united and an the kid^ard ncxec^ thereunto; and that the King's majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri parliament of tual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, had, hath, and of Right ought Great Eritain to have full Power and Authority to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity, to bind the may make Laws |£jngdom pntj people of Ireland.

th*1houf rf'De* furti>er declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the House of Lords of Ire

Lords of Ireland have not, nor of Right ought to have any Jurisdiction to judge of, affirm or reierie any Judgement, hae not lurif Sentence or Decree, given or made in any Court within the said Kingdom, and that all Proceedings before diction: C judge the said House of Lords upon any such judgement. Sentence or Decree, are, and are hereby declared to be of, a firm orre utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

rerfe any Jucj

ev., &c. given in any Court chore; and their Proceedings thereon are void. See fjrtter conctrning Ireland, 6 Geo. t. r. zr. II Ga. 2. C 22.

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 6 — 9.

28*

CAP. VI.

An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster.

WHEREAS one great Decay of the Roads within ten Miles of the Cities of London and

13 Ed. i.ji. 2.

Westminster, is occasioned by the very great Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks and Coals, of late brought' 5-

and carried to and from the said Cities For preventing of which. Be it enacted by the King's mod'" g 3 Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the After March 3?, twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty, no Person or Persons shall or may 1710. none fli.it carry, at any one Load in the said Cities of London and jvefltminster, or within ten Aliles thereof, in wag r, y »onelxii cons or Carts having their Wheels shod or bound with Tyre or Streaks of Iron, more than twelve Sacks Meal, each Sack containing five Bushels and no more, nor more than twelve Quarters of Malt, nor more'"^whecu than seven hundred and a half of Bricks, nor more than one Chalder of Coals; and if any Person or Per are bound with fons shall offend herein, they, or any of them, shall forfeit and lose any one of the Horses, together with Iron Strcakr, the Gears, Bridles and Halters therewith used, to any Person or Persons that shall seise or distrain the same, in such manner, and to such Uses, as the Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be levied and ap &7.'onfor/ec plied by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual the feveraff, 0fone of Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom. the Hotfe, sc.

to be recovered

as by 5 Geo. i. C 12. is Geo. 2. c. 33. See farther 21 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 2s £* 30. 2s Geo. 2. 17. 30 Geo. 2. C zi. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. VII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of M: ntrofe and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

After June 24, 1720. for the Term of 25 Years, is C a Duty of two Pennies Scots laid on every Scots

Pint of Beer, SV. brewed, isc. in the Town of Montrose. The Trustees, with the Consent of the Overseers, may farm out the Duty. ("Continued by 7 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bruntifand and Liberties thereof, for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

After June 24, 1720. for 25 Years, is'c. a Duty of two Pennies shall be paid for every Scots Pint of

Ale and Beer, brewed, is'e. in the Town of Bruntifand, payable by the Brewers, isc. Trustees may mortgage the Duty as a Security for Money, which shall be applied only to the Purposes in this Act. Trustees, with Consent of the Overseers, may farm out the Duty. [Revived by 20 Geo. 2. c. 26.

CAP. IX.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Sects, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Pittenweem and Liberties thereof, for repairing the Harbour there, and for maintaining other public Works of the said Town.

PR.

After June 24, 1720. for 25 Years, isc. a Duty of two Pennies Scots shall be laid on every Sects Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, isc. in the town of Pittenweem. Trustees may assign the Duty as a Security for Money; which shall be applied only to the same Purposes, as the Duty by this act is directed.

282 C io Anno sexto Georgii Regis, A.D. 1719.

CAP. X

An Act for making forth new exchequer bills not exceeding one million at a certain later L and for lending the same to the south-sea Company at an higher Interest, upon Security of repaying the same and inch high Interest: into the Exchequer for Lists to which the Fund for lessening the public Debts (called the Sinking Fund) is applicable; and for circulating and exchanging upon Demand the said Bills at or near the Exchequer.

3 co. 1. C '

g'o. I. C

Geo. 1. c. 10. C For t'aither Provisions relating to this Act, f e C 7 Geo. 1. fi. 1 C C left. 3s. & C* Geo. 1. t. 20. C

I. MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; in and by an Act of Parliament of the IVJL third Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on four Lottery acts passed in the ninth and tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, and for redeeming ce tain Annuities payable on Orders out of the hereditary excije, according to a former Act in that Bhalf; and for establishing a General yearly Fund, not only for ike future Payment of Annuities at several Rates, to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England and redeemable by Parliament; but also to raise Money for such Proprietors of the said Orders, as fall clnfe to be paid their Principal and Arrears of Interest in ready Money; and for making good such other e Deficiencies and Payments, as in this Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on liny eed imported and British Linen exported, It was enabled and declared, That the Moneys which should from Time to Time arise by certain Surplusses, Excesses and overplus Moneys therein specified, should be appropriated, re served and employed to and for the discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and In ' cumbrances as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and were declared to be national Debts, and were provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as should be directed or appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be disc charged therewith or out of the same: And whereas by an Act of Parliament of the fifth Year of your 3 Geo. 1. c. 3. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for applying certain overplus Moneys and further Sums to' be raisid, as vjell by way of a Lottery as by Loans, towards paying offend cancelling exchequer bills, and for lessening the present great Charge in relation to those Bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Rfidue of the Jame Bills for the future. It was provided and enacted, That so much of the said Excesses, Sur ' piufles or overplus Moneys arising quarterly after the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, as should amount to the full Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds (no Loans having been made by that Add to supply the same) should and might be applied towards discharging and cancelling the Principal and Interest due or to be due on the exchequer bills therein mentioned, until such Time as the full Sum or Value of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds in Principal and Interest on such exchequer bills should be paid off, discharged and cancelled, as by the said several Adds of Parliament, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear; which Moneys so arising by the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplusses are commonly called the Sinking Fund, and are likely to be very much increased; a ' considerable Part of the said Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, out of the Produce thereof, hath been applied towards discharging and cancelling the said exchequer bills, and the Residue of the said five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, as the Moneys of the said Fund shall come inco the Exchequer, will he applicable to the same Use, according to the Tenor of the said al of Parliament in that Behalf: And whereas the Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny was advanced by the Governor and Company of Met ' chants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, pursuant to an Act of the 5 Geo. 1. c. 10p fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Fund appropriated for Payment of 1 the Lottery tickets, which were made forth for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, by ' a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the capital Stock of the south-sea Company; and for raising a ' Sum of Money to pay off such Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the 'c Supplies 'granted in this Session of Parliament; and to limit Times for Profcutions upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice, and the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny doth, on the fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty, remain in the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer: And whereas in order to the lessening the Debts of this Nation, it is thought convenient that a Power be given to the Commissioners your majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times within one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by such Proportions at a Time as he or they shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Public, to make forth or cause to be made forth at the Exchequer any Number pfjaew exchequer bills, so as all the principal Sums to* be contained therein do not in the whole exceed one million of Pounds (over and above the Exchequer 5 Geo. 1. 0.4. ' bills to be made forth pursuant to another at of this Session of Parliament in that Behalf; )' and that the said new exchequer bills bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem,

and that as well the said Sum of Money now remaining in the Exchequer as aforesaid, as also the Monies to arise quarterly by the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplusses, commonly called the Sinking

283 A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C ri.

Fund (after the said Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds shall be applied for discharging and cancelling exchequer bills as aforesaid, or reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose) be made a Fund or Security for answering all Demands of Principal and Interest which shall be so authorised to be made forth; and that the said Commissioners of the 'Frcafury, or High Treasurer for the Time being,

1 be also empowered to issue such new exchequer bills, by way of Loan or Advance, to the Company commonly called the south-sea Company, or to some Person or Persons in Trust for them, the said Company giving Security up' 11 their present or to be increased Annuity or weekly Payment out of the Exchequer, for the Repayment of the principal Sum solent, with an Interest not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum: 'Now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, C

EXP.

"The Commissioners of the Treasury are authorised at any Time within one Year, from the tenth of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, to "make exchequer bills, so as the principal Sums do not exceed one million (over and above the Exchequer hills which are to be current, pursuant to the Act 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.) and the said Bills shall bear "Interest twopence per Centum per Diem. Treasury may lend such Bills to the south-sea Company at "5l. percent, on Security, ts'e. On nonpayment, Treasury may flop the weekly Payments to the "Company. The Sinking Fund appropriated for circulating the new Bills. Treasury may borrow "Money for circulating the new Bills at 5l. percent. Tallies and Orders to be struck for the same, sv "

"shall not be interpreted undue Preference. Orders assignable and transferrable. Trustees to I "exchange for ready Money at their Office all Bills brought to them. Ready Money may be demanded "for Bills on which six Months Interest is due. Trustees not incapacitated from being Members of Par "These Bills to be current in the Revenue. If received at the Exchequer, to be locked up as "Cash. Receivers, fsfr. out of the Moneys in their Hands to exchange the Bills. Tallies to be struck for such Bills lent into the Exchequer. Interest due on Bills to be allowed by Receivers, tife. No In "on the Bills in the Receivers Hands, or in the Exchequer. Persons paying Bills to Receivers,

"isfe. to endorse their Names, and Time when paid in; and the Time of re issuing to be endorsed. Bills "to bear the same Interest as when paid in Receivers General to keep Books for Money re "Penalty on Receivers. Bills filled up by Endorsement, C Exchequer to make forth new "ones. Bills for large Sums not exceeding 5000l. each, may he issued. Forging these Bills, Felony.

f Trustees to have the Cheques, is'e. of the Bills. If Provision he made by Parliament of Money to dif CC charge the Bills, or any Part thereof, the same to be applied thereto, C Treasury at the Request of "the south-sea Company may make forth Bills without bearing Interest. Treasury out of the Sinking <?». r. <£ Fund to defray the Charges of executing this Act." C

CAP. XI.

An Act for laying a Duty upon wrought Plate, and for applying Money arising for the clear Produce (by Sale of the forfeited Estates) towards answering his Majesty's Supply; and for.taking oft' the Drawbacks upon Hops exported for Ireland; and for Payment of Annuities to be purchased after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament, and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the south-sea Company; and for explaining a late Act concerning foreign Salt cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and to give a further Time for paying Duties on certain Apprentices Indentures; and for Relief of Thomas Vernon, Esq; in relation to a Parcel of Senna imported in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

I. MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; by several Laws and Statutes of this's e<3.1. ft. 3.

1_VJL Realm now in Force it is provided and enacted, That no Goldsmith, Silversmith or other per c. 20.

fen whatsoever shall work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Silver Vessel, Plate or manu lhen C 14 £ failure of Silver, lefts in Fineness than that of eleven Ounces and ten penny Weight of fine Silver inise" ^7^2"

every Pound Troy, nor put to Sale, exchange or sell any Silver Vessels, Plate or Manufacture of silver for the applic: k C except as in the said Statutes, or some of them, are severally excepted) until such Time as such Vessel, tion of the Sur ' Plate or manufactured Silver shall be touched, allayed and marked at the respective Cities or Places in phis arising f, C n

the said Statutes mentioned, and by such Corporations, Officers or Persons as are thereby reflectivelyl'w"a

entrusted for touching, allaying and marking the same; under such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as. 3o°'fec. 29!" ' in and by the same Laws and Statutes are prescribsd, as' by the said several Laws and Statutes (Relation

£ being thereunto severally; had) may more plainly and fully appear: And whereas it is found by Expe 5 rience, That the Silver Vessels, Plate and Manufactures of Silver, which were made according to the old Standard of eleven Ounces' and twopenny Weight of fine Silver, (which Standard was altered by

284

8 Sc9W. 3.

<\ 8.

*110 Duty laid cn Plate by thit slel is repealed by

31 Gc?, 2. r. 32. vchith is emended by

32 Geo. 2. C

he om Standard of 11 C 2.

After 1 Jnne 2720, no gold l'mish. See, obliged to work any pute according to the new Standard of 11 oz. rod.

vt. See,

After 1 June j72C, no gold tmith, &c. to work or put to Sale any Plate k fs in Fineness than 11 oz. 2 d. wt,

12 Geo. 2. «. 26.

To be marked as prescribed by the Law? for afoyinz of the Standard of 11 cz. 10 d. wt.

Which Laws are hereby continued.

From 1 Jane 2720, Silver Plate imported, cr inde in Great Britain, ro pay 6 d. per oz.

Explained by 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1. C io. see. 34.

C 11. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

an act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of your majesty's Royal Predecessor King jvdliam the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for encouraging the bringing in wrought Plate to be coined,

are more serviceable and durable than the Silver Vessels, Plate and Manufactures of Silver which have been made according to the said Standard of eleven Ounces and ten penny Weight of fine Silver in every Pound Troy Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said old Standard of eleven Ounces and twopenny Weight of fine Silver at least, to be contained in every Pound Weight Troy of Silver vessels, Plate or other Manufactures of Silver made or to be made or wrought, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall be restored, revived and take place instead of the said new Standard of eleven. ounces and ten penny Weight of fine Silver at least in every such Pound Troy.

2 1), wt. restorej.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty no Goldsmith, Silversmith or plate worker shall be obliged, by force or virtue of the said former Laws and Statutes, or any of them, to work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver, according to the said new Standard of eleven Ounces and ten penny Weight of fine Silver at least in every Pound Troy, or be restrained from putting to Sale, exchanging or selling any Silver Vessels, Plate or Manufactures of Silver, so as the same do contain eleven Ounces and twopenny Weight of fine Silver at least, in every Pound Troy, and be touched, allayed and marked in such Manner and Form, as in and by the said former Laws and Statutes, and by this present act, are provided and established for touching, allaying and marking the same.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty no Goldsmith, Silversmith or other Person whatsoever shall work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver, less in Fineness than that of eleven Ounces and twopenny Weight of fine Silver in every Pound Troy, or shall put to Sale, exchange or sell any Silver vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver, made after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty (unless it be Silver Wire, or such

Things as in respect of their Smallness are not capable of receiving a Mark) until such Time as such

Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver shall be touched, allayed and marked in Manner and Form prescribed by the said Laws and Statutes, or any of them, for touching, allaying and marking of the said

Standard of eleven Ounces and ten penny 'Weight fine at least in every Pound Troy, in case the same Standard had continued; and that all and every the Rules, Directions, Powers, Privileges, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, enacted or provided in or by any of the former Laws and Statutes of this Realm, which at or until the Time of making this act were or are in Force for preserving or securing the said Standard of eleven Ounces and Ten penny Weight of fine Silver at least in every Pound Troy, or for touching, allaying, marking or allowing for good the Silver Plate of that Standard, shall be continued, applied, practised and put in Execution for preserving and securing the Standard of eleven Ounces and twopenny Weight of fine Silver at least in every Pound Troy (by this act revived and intended to be established) and for the touching, assaying, marking and allowing the same, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules, Directions, Powers, Privileges, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, w re again particularly repeated and reenacted in and by this present act; anything in the said former Laws or Statutes, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the said Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being fully resolved to furnish such Supplies as are necessary for defraying the expenses and Occasions of the Public, have for that End and Purpose cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this act give and grant to your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, for and upon all Silver Plate to be made or wrought in Great Britain, or to be imported or brought into the same, and such further Sum and Sums of Money as are herein specified and appointed, in such Manner and Form as are herein after more particularly expressed, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, answered and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, (subject nevertheless to such Redemption as in and by this act is afterwards provided in this Behalf) for and upon all Silver Plate which shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all Silver Plate to be made or wrought within the same Kingdom, the several and respective Rates or Duties following; (that is to say) For and upon all Silver Plate made or to be made, which at any Time or Times after the first Day of Jure one thousand seven hundred and twenty shall be imported or brought into the said Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties already imposed thereupon) a Duty after the Rate of sixpence for every Ounce Trey, and proportionally for greater or Ieft er Quantities, to be paid down in ready Money by the Importer thereof, from Time to Time, before the Landing of the same; and for and upon all Silver Plate which shall be made or wrought in Great Britain, or at any Time or Times, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, hall or ought to be touched, assayed or marked in Great Britain as aforesaid, a Duty after the Rate of sixpence for every Ounce Troy, and proportionally for any greater

or

3

285

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. T f.

or lefier Quantity, to be paid by the Makers or Workers thereof respectively, and to be secured to be paid jin such Manner and Form as in and by this Act are afterwards prescribed in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Th: Doty m 'wrought Plate to be imported shall be raised, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into the Kxche imporu n

jquer (to and for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed) by such Rules, Ways, Means and Me jthods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances, and in fuel) Manner and or liivirw.rc*": Form, as the Duties upon gilt and silver Wire imported, imposed by an Act of the tenth Year of the Reign icaim. C 2$. of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or by any Act of Parliament relating thereto, are prescribed and appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, answered and paid.

VI. And for the better ascertaining, charging and securing the Duty by this Act set and imposed upon

i Silver plate to be made or wrought, or to be touched, allayed or marked in Great Britain, as aforesaid; c.m°rnif it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of or Persons as his Ma fioncis fur i'i.tc jesty, his Heirs or successors, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or »ioii5i, tincu*t! the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by one or more Com Bru, n million or Commissions for that Purpose, appoint, shall be his Majesty's of for the Receipt and Management of the said Duties by this Act set and imposed upon the said Silver Plate, to be made or wrought in Great Britain, or to be touched, allayed and marked as aforesaid; said of, f O'*

or the major Part of them respectively, shall, and have hereby Power, by Commissions under their respectovfieers? ar tive Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such Officers, as shall be requifte in that Behalf

; and that the same of and Officers for the said Duties on wrought Plate shall have out of those Duties such Salaries and Rewards for their Services therein, as the said of of the Freasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think reasonable

to establish and allow in that Behalf; and that the respective of for the said Duties on

wrought Plate to be made, touched, allayed or marked in Great Britain as aforesaid, for the Time being. The Money ti

shall from Time to Time cause all the Money to arise of or for the said Duties on Plate to be made, R

wrought, touched, allayed or marked in Great Britain as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of Management ^5 Exeifcooer excepted) to be paid, as the same shall arise, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, for' °uc the t'fcs and Purposes in this Act expressed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Goldsmith, Silversmith or other goftmith?, C Manufacturer, who at any Time or Times after the said first Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and twenty shall work or make in Great Britain any Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver, shall ot. ylij'. give Notice in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties on wrought Plate of their respective Names and vv0. k

and Places of Abode, and of the Houses or Places by them respectively made use of for the working or heufes, on For

making of Silver Plate or Manufactures of Silver; upon pain to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for e, ture M every Offence in making or working, or causing to be made or wrought, any such Plate or Manufacture of Silver in any House or Place after the said first Day of june one thousand seven hundred and twenty, without having first notified the same as aforesaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hun govfrnirhs 1: dfed and twenty, during the Continuance of the said Duty on wrought Plate, all and every the Gold vj;: smiths, Silversmiths and other Manufacturers, who shall make or cause to be made or wrought any plate, n rorff cc'c liable to the Duty by this Act intended to be charged thereupon, shall once in every Month make a true of real.

Entry in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties of all the Silver Plate or Manufactures of Silver by them severally made or wrought within such Month respectively; which Entry shall contain the Weight and Kinds of all the Silver Plate and Manufactures mentioned therein, and how much thereof respectively was made in each Week, on pain to forfeit for every Neglect of Entry the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every such Entry shall be made upon the Oath of the Manufacturer or either Person for whom the erj'dr'e; 'oh Plate was made, or of the chief Workman employed therein, or (if he or she be a Quaker) then upon ^vohr'i al;, his or her solemn Affirmation to the bell of their respective Knowledge and Belief; which Entries, Oaths "and Affirmations shall and may be made with and administered by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed to take the same, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Goldsmith, Silversmith and other; de.to, Person, who shall make and work, or cause to be made or wrought, any Plate or Manufacture of Silver f A'^u liable to the said Duty by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time, within six Weeks after they re Weeks, spectively hall make or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties

for Plate or Manufactures of Silver, which shall be due from them respectively, upon pain of forfeitingon Forfeiture of double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall have been so refilled or neglected. double the Duty.

X. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties on wrought Plate or^worktou'es" Manufactures of Silver shall, at all Times in the daytime, be permitted upon his or their Request, toc; n, Deventer the Workhouse or other Place which shall be made use of by any Maker or Worker of such Plate cinie to take an for the making or working of such Plate or Manufactures of Silver liable to the said Duty, and to take an Account of ail Account of the just Weight of such Silver Plate or Manufactures which shall have been so made ortj atf lkll ie to

wrought from Time to Time; and shall thereof make Return in Writing to the said

of of1'",

the said Duty, or such as they shall appoint to receive the same from Time to Time, leaving a true Copy Return to the thereof (if demanded) with the Maker of the said Silver Plate or Manufactures, upon whom such Return Commifiitmers,

of the said Officer shall be a Charge

and if the said Officer shall refuse to give or leave such Copy (being lc vins 3 c0?5'

demanded "th Maker'

286 C II

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D.

*7*9'

on Forfeiture

of 40 s

Officers to be sworn,

Weights: &: on Forrcituie of jo 1.

Obstructing Officer, forfeits sol.

M: »)ceis not to ic r ove Plate without due Notice, cn p of 461.

demanded as aforesaid) every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker or Manufacturer.

XI. Provided always, That every Officer who shall he impowered to make such Charge as aforesaid, shall in the first place be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; which Cath shall and may be administered by ail or any the Commissioners of the said Duty on Plate, or by any Justice of the Makers to keep Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof: And all Persons chargeable with the said Duty jrit Scales and on Plate are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales, and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she or they do make such Plate, and permit and assist the Officer to make use thereof for the Purposes aforesaid, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be forfeited and lost' for not keeping such Scales and Weights, or for not permitting and assisting the Officer to use the same as aforesaid.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Maker or Worker of Plate or Manufactures of Silver shall ob struct or hinder any of the said Officers In the Execution of any the Powers given to him or them by this Act, for ascertaining and securing the said Duties upon Plate, or Manufactures of Silver, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Maker or Manufacturer, who shall make or work or cause to be made or wrought any Plate or Manufacture of Silver as aforesaid, after the said first Day of

nder pain ", car ought,

of which no Account shall have been first: taken by the proper Officer of the said Duty from the work house or Place where the same Ural! have been made or wrought, without giving to the proper Officer four and twenty Hours Notice at least of his, her or their Intention to remove, carry or send away the same, that so the said Officer (without his own wilful Default) may have Time to weigh and take an Account thereof.

pi.itc nnt fur

XIV. And for better ascertaining the said Duties upon Plate and Manufactures of Silver hereby charge vl _ved to be kept able as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted, That all Persons, by or for whom any such Plate or Manufactures redarate, cn be made or wrought, shall from Time to Time keep all the Plate or Manufactures of Silver so made

or wrought, and which shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of, separate and apart from all the Silver Plate or Manufactures which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of as aforesaid, for the Space of four and twenty Hours after the making or working the same, unless such Plate or Manufactures of Silver shall have been sooner surveyed and taken an Account of by the said proper Officer; on pain to forfeit for every Offence therein the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That if any of the said Persons, by or for whom any such Plate or Manufactures

of Silver shall be made or wrought as aforesaid, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any. Silver Plate or Manufactures chargeable by this act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then and in every such Case the Offender shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Plate and other Manufactures of Silver, which shall be found in a private Workhouse, and all private Utensils for making or working such Plate or Manufactures, of which no Notice shall have been given pursuant to this act, frail be forfeited and left; and the same, or the Value thereof, shall and may be seized and recoveted by any Officer of the said Duty on Plate and manufactures of Silver, for the King's Use.

pi.ite and Mate

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Plate and Manufac 1 uk chargeable tlfres of Silver, and all the Materials and Utensils for making the same, in the custody of any Maker or Makers of such Plate or manufactures, or any Person or Persons, to the Use of or in Triift for such Maker or Makers of such Plate rr Manufactures, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made charge able with all the Debts and Duties for Plate or Manufactures of Silver in arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers, Worker or Workers respectively, for any Plate or Manufactures of Silver made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their workhoves or Places aforesaid, and also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons, so using such Workhouse or other Place, for any Offence against this act relating to the said Duty upon Plate or Manufactures of Silver; and that it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings, as may lawfully be done in case the Debtor or Offender were the tiue and lawful Owner of the same.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, during the Continuance of the Duty by this act imposed upon wrought Plate or Manufactures of Silver export by way of Merchandise for any foreign Parts, any wrought Plate or Manufactures of Silver by this act charged or chargeable with the said Duty of sixpence er Ounce, and the same shall appear to have been made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first Day of June one thou plue may draw fan{j seven hundred and twenty, and shall give sufficient Security before the Shipping thereof for exportation3 that the particular Quantities of such Plate or Manufactures of Silver, intended to be exported as 'aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into Great Britain, and shall make Proof upon Oath, or by such Affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, that the same Silver Plate or Manufactures were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, (which Securities shall be taken in the pling's Name, and to his Use, and the said'

Plate concealed forfeits 201.

Date found in private work house. Sec. forfeited.

with the Duties in arrear,

On Oath that the Duty has been paid, 'and on Debenture irem the cu ilumer, CCC Exporter of

287

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C ir.

Oaths and Affirmations shall be administered by the Custflmer or Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation) that then and in every such Calc the faij cufbm.er or collector shall give to the expor.cr thereof a Debenture expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of such Plate and manuf.uchires of Silver so exported or shipped to be exported; and the Exportation or Shipping thereof behig certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, tie colleis for or Receiver of the said Duty on Plate (upon producing the said Debenture so certified to him) shall forthwith pay a drawback or Allowance, afeer the Rate of six perce for every Ounce of such Pla'e or mamifa«siu; es of Silver out of the Money of the said Duty on Plate or Manufactures of Silver then in the planjs of such Receiver or collector, without Fee or Reward; and if such Receiver or Collector shall not have Money in his lands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners of the said Duty upon Plate or Manufactures or Silver, are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid, the said Debenture out of any the same Duties arising by this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by Ihc Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of lizards atul Liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by Knights Srvice, and Purveyance, and ]or settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duty upon Plate or Manufactures of Silver hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures in relation to the said Duty by this Act imposed upon Plate or Manufactures of Silver, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, relating to the said Duty on Plate or Manufactures of Silver, (not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be to his Majesty, his Keirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that final] discover, inform or sue for the same.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as shall be, in pursuan.ee of this Act, appointed Commissioners for the Duty on Plate or Manufactures of Silver, to be made in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall and may have and exercise the same or like

jurisdiction, Power and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order, in all Causes and

Matters relating to the said Duties on Plate or Manufactures of Silver arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other ffiiquors, may or lawfully can exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the like Cases or Matters in relation to the said Duty of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in Force.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties upon

Plate and other Manufactures of Silver, made or wrought in this Realm, or imported into the same, as aforesaid, shall be liable to and chargeable with the yearly Fund herein after mentioned, and all the Annuities to be payable out of the same in pursuance of this Act, subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is herein afier mentioned; and all the same Rates and Duties upon Plate and Manufactures of Silver (except the necessary Charges before mentioned) are and shall be appropriated thereunto, in such Manner, that all the Moneys which shall, from.time to Time, be or remain due or in arrear for and upon the same

Annuities or any of them, or for any Arrears thereof, if any such be, shall from Time to Time, in the

first Place, be paid and satisfied out of the said Duties upon Plate or Manufactures of Silver by this act granted, or so far as the same Duties will extend, with Preference to any other Payments that shall or may hereafter be charged thereupon, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are hereafter in this act contained in that Behalf.

XXIII. And to the end all the Moneys to arise by this Act for the said Duties upon Plate and Manufactures of Silver may be duly and certainly raised and brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this act, there shall be appointed such and so many Commissioners of the customs and Excile, and other Officers, as shall be proper and necessary for the raising and levying the respective Duties and Sums of Money by this act granted or chargeable, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that all Receivers General, collectors, and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the raising, collecting, receiving and paying the said respective Duties hereby granted, or any of them, and keeping and rendering the several Accounts thereof, shall perform their several Duties therein, asto thein respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, or any Offence or neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or m, applying any Part of the

a5] Power in 12 Car. z. C 24. and other Excise a As, to be in Force for»managing these Duties.

All Fine, See, to be toed for as by the Laws of Excise.

commissioners for ihefe Duties to have the lame Juiifdichon as Commissioners of Excise,

Duty on Plate chargeable with the7early Fund for Annuities,

Commissioners and Officers to be appointed, who are to be liable to the Penalty of9Sc row. 3. C 44.

9 & IQ VC. 44.

13000l. tic ycuily Fund.

p^ficicncy to LV nude £ood out of the sink.ng londj u: C

o out of the next Aids in Parliament.

The Moneys anliiu by the Duly, to be en Ired in a Book.

Any Pc jons may be Contributors for the Annuities of 3120001. at 4-1 percent.

Times of Payment.

Books to be p: ovided for emring the Contributors Name and the Sums,

C n. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. II

f iid Moneys, as ale prescribed and to b? inflicted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding tiuo mil.ions upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Cenium per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties on Salt, and upon flampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin the five and twentieth Day o March one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the full Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds per Annum, by or out of the Moneys to arise of or for the said Duties upon Plate or Manufactures of Silver, and to be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the same shall extend thereunto, shall be the whole and entire yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer of or for the said Rates And Duties upon Plata and Manufactures of Silver, shall not amount to thirteen thousand Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund, for or towards answering or paying all the several and respective

- herein after mentioned; and in case the said Rates and Duties upon Plate and Manufactures of Silver shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year to be reckoned as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer for or upon Account of the same Rates and Duties shall not amount to so much as thirteen thousand Pounds, or to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfy all the Annuities by this at appointed or intended to be paid within or for the same Year respectively; that then and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be deficient or wanting to make tip the said Fund for every or any such Year, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, shall be supplied and made good from Time to Time, out of the Moneys which shall from Time to Time, arise by certain Surpluses; Excesses, and overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, so as the Sums which, frcm Time to Time, or at any Time shall be supplied out of the said Sinking Fund, do not exceed the Moneys which shall be saved by taking off the Drawback of the Duties on Hops exported, or shipped, to be exported for Ireland, pursuant to the Clauses herein after contained in that Behalf; and if the same shall at any Time exceed such Saving, then the Residue of such Deficiency shall be supplied out of the then next Aids to be granted in Parliament; anything in any former or other Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Plate and Adanu _ failures of Silver, for Payment of the several Annuities, which shall be payable upon this Act, shall be

fairly and duly entered in one or more Book or Books, to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, shall have free Access without Fee or Charge.

XXVI. and for the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three hundred and twelve thousand Pounds, towards his Majesty's Supply; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives of Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of three hundred and twelve thousand i ounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, which certain Annuities shall be computed at the Rate of four Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the purchase money so paid for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer at or before the respective Days and Times herein after limited; that is to say. One fourth Part thereof on or before the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty; one other fourth Part thereof 011 or before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the first Day of October in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty; all which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the mbit usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, The Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due at the Eeaft of St. Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and the Clerk of the Pells in the Exchequer, severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall bs Contributors for such certain Annuities, as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid for such Annuities, to which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors,

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 11. 289

tributors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to inspetst the same, without Fee or Reward.

xxviii And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a! and every the Annuities so to T annui ics be purchased upon this present Act shall he and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, °"

from Time to Time, out of the Money arising by the said Rates and Duties, and other Provisions made by by f'nis virtue of this at for tile Payment thereof; and that all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, or fuel) as ire, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Add to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities, so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act ai propriated, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, as is abovementioned; that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and undefeazible Estates and Interests in the several Annuities so by them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all such Estates and Interests of and in the said Annuities, and every of them, shall be, and anr.uiucr ri be ..djudged, taken and accepted in Construction of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatso ^ao yo'to^ ever, to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person Executors, or Persons dying possessed thereof, intcrelled therein, or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; any Law, Custom, cr Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, as aforesaid, and every of them, shall be free from all Taxes, Tax' iee' Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Fhat every Contributor upon this Act for c°ntribl|tors any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his her or their Executors, Administrators, successors, or 7 s Orders Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or any or their Part or Proportion thereof, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, within the Time or Times in this Act Annuities, C limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Talley or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt

of so much purchase money as shall be so paid, and upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying the said Annuity and Annuities until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and after the Signing thereof the same shall be firm, goo I, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of ?nv Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them, nor hall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed, as aforesaid, or any of them.

XXX. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay readily into the Receipt ofjl Per Cen!: Exchequer the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act: It is provided and enacted by the il, nri11 Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor, who shall advance and pay into the said Receipt Qf1, Jment exchequer, within the Times limited by this Act, the purchase money payable for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per

Centum per Annum, for the prompt Payment of the purchase money, or of such Proportions of the purchase money, as shall be so advanced before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty; the said Interest to be computed for the respective Sums so advanced and paid into the Exchequer, from the Time or respective Tin es of the actual advancing and paying the same into the Exchequer, until the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, i hat it shall and may be lawful to and for any Ptirchafer or Pur Purclufera msy chasers of any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, at any Time or Times during tyre Continuance of his, her or their Efface or Interest t(, e Annuities

I of and in the same, by any Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, or under the common Seal cof

a Corporation, or by his, her or their La ft Will in Writing, to assign or devise his, her or their Estate By9 Geo. r. or Interest of and in any such Annuity or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and f ents toties qunties; and no such Assignment to be revocable, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will he made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, by indorseir.ei.t within the Space of three Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor: that upon producingon the Order, such Assignment or Will, or Probate thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered, as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit taken before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the said Assignment or Will, which Affidavits shall be severally filed in the said Office, which said Entry or Memorandum the proper Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits; and in default of such val.v, P: p Assignment,

No Purchase unless one fourth Part of the con flderation money be paid by. 24 June 1720.

Purchasers not paying in their Money at the Time appointed, forfeit what paid in.

All Receipts and Issues to be without Fee.

Penalty on Officers offending.

Treasury to reward the Officers and Clerks, C and dif ebarge incident Charges out of the Moneys to arise by this Act.

surp us to be reserved for publi.k Use.

[General Issue.]

Cn Publick otice in the

C ir. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

Assignment, or Devise by Deed or Will, the Interest of such Person or l'ersons shall go to Ins or her Executors or Administrators.

XXXII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or he admitted to purchase or obtain any such certain Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, for which exchequer orders are to be made forth, as aforesaid, upon this Act, unless the whole, or one fourth Part at least, of the consideration money for the same, at such Rate, as aforesaid, be advanced and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty

XXXIII. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor, as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, have advanced into the Exchequer, one fourth Part of his, her or their purchase money, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, one fourth Part of his, her or their consideration money so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty; then and in every such Case cspectively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity for which the Considerat: on money shall not be fully paid, as aforesaid, but so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid into the Receipt of Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be applied, together with other the Moneys to be raised by this Act, for such publick Services, as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the said Sum of three hundred and twelve thousand Pounds upon the respective Terms and Advantages in this Act mentioned. That all Receipts and Issues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for the same, otherwise than by this Act is appointed; and in case the Officers in the Exchequer shall take or demand any such See or Reward, otherwise than by this Act is appointed, or shall divert or misapply any of the Moneys to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for making up the aforesaid Fund, or shall pay or issue out of the same otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books and Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are required to perform; every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble Damages and Costs of Suit to any Contributor or Person claiming under him, that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed, and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have full Costs; Third ot which Sum so to be recovered shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts shall he to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys from Time to Time arising at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said Duties on Plate or Manufactures of Silver hereby granted and appropriated, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the Exchequer, and others that shall and may be any way employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Annuities to be payable thereupon, for their Labour, Pains and Service therein respectively, and to discharge and satisfy such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of the same, in such manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or mere of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, at the End of any Year, for which the said Annuities are to be payable, after all the Annuities, Charges and Payments directed or authorised by this Act, shall be fully satisfied, paid and discharged, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall be reserved for the publick Use, and shall be disposed and disposeable by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise.

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXX

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon publick Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by

4

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. 1 r. 291

Authority of Parliament, at any of the salt) quarterly feast days for Payment of the said Annuities to bega*'tte> and on payable out of the said particular Fund, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, and upon'1, '6, Ex Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal Sums for which the same Annuities shall be payable to, u, such respective Persons and Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full days,

Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities, to be computed by the Day after the Rate of four Pounds sod cn up.y per Centum per Annum, till such actual Repayment, then and not till then the same Annuities shall ccafe and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And that any Vote or Re a' cvo ca solution of the House of Commons signed by the Speaker in Writing, to be inferred in the said London ni, n. A J Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be the Common, sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act. signed by the Speaker, stat be fuihcient Notice.

XXXIX. And whereas by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of your majesty's 4c: 0- CI Reign, intituled, An Act for vejling the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Prtfilees, to be sold

for the Use of the Public; end for giving Relief to lawful Creditors by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said estates tilljold, and by several other Acts of Parliament relating to the said forfeited Estates, fevera) Sums of Money have already

been raised and paid into the Receipts of the respective Exchequers of England, Scotland and Ireland, or some of them, and several considerable Sums of Money arising or to arise of or for the said forfeited Estates, are expected to be brought and paid into the said Exchequers respectively Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for defraying your majesty's public Expenses and Occasions before mentioned, have further given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty the full Sum of two hundred thousand seven hundred thirty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, to be taken out of the clear Produce of the Forfeitures for Treason, arisen or to arise into the Receipts of the said Exchequers, every or any of them, over and above the Salaries and other Charges payable for the Recovery of the said Forfeitures; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two hundred thousand seven hundred thirty seven Pounds fourteen

Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, by such Proportions at a Time as the Commissioners of his Majesty's fhc clexr Produce Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall find moult con arising by Sale ducible to the public Service, shall and may be taken and applied out of the clear Produce of the Forfei of the forfeited tures for Treason, arisen or to arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, over and above the said efta!e*10 b. c. Salaries and other Charges payable for the Recovery of the said Forfeitures; and the said commissionerss of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby publick ex authorised and empowered to issue and apply, or cause to be issued and applied, the same accordingly; anypences. former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas certain Duties upon Hops were by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year ofclaui?(fr!?kms the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of bleiled Memory, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops

Hops, imposed for the Term of four Years, reckoned from the first Day of June one thousand seven exported for hundred and eleven, and were by an Act of the first Year of your majesty's Rc, gn continued until the Ireland.

first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and by another Act of the same Year were? Ann. C 12.

granted to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors for ever, subject nevertheless to Redemption by, eg"e*2'

Parliament: In and by which Acts, or some of them, (amongst other Things therein contained) it was, C 2.

provided. That it should and might be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who should have actually 1 Geo. i.stat. 2.

paid the Duty thereby payable for any Quantity of Hops whatsoever of British Growth, and to and forc IZ 5*

any other Person or Persons, who should buy or be lawfully entitled to any such Quantity of Hops hjjfjff gw British Growth from the said Person or Persons who actually paid the said Duty for the same, to export 2-7*

such Hops, being of British Growth, for Ireland byway of Merchandise; and that upon giving such 6 Geo. 2. C. 7.

Security, and performing such other Requisites as by the said Acts, or some of them, are prescribed, the 6- (wbubit Customer or Collector of the Port where such Plops shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter a De "'uttperpaue!tv 4 benture expressing the true Quantity of the British Hops so exported; and that upon such Debenture the CC

said Duty shall be repaid, or the Security for the same be discharged in the Manner and Form thereby 9'

prescribed, as by the said Acts of Parliament, Relation being thereunto severally had, may more fully appear: And whereas the said Duty upon Hops of British Growth is very moderate, and such Hops exported for Ireland may reasonably bear the same Duty which is charged upon those confirmed in Great Britain: 'Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being minded and desirous to improve the public Revenues, which are applicable to the discharging of public Debts and Encumbrances, do further humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty upon Hops of British Growth, or any Part thereof, shall not be repaid or drawn back for any such Hops which shall be exported or shipped to be exported for Ireland, at any Time or Times after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and that no Debenture or Certificate shall be granted or made forth for or in order to the Repayment or Drawing back of the same Duty for or upon any such Hops so exported or Slipped to be exported for Ireland after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty; but such Drawback or Repayment from thenceforth shall cease and determine; the said recited Acts of Parliament, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

92 C II

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

XLI. And whereas it may be requisite for encouraging; the several Manufactures of wrought Plate, to continue both the Standard of Plate of eleven Ounces ten penny Weight Troy, and also the Standard of eleven Ounces twopenny Weight Try, for the better accommodating the Buyers of Plate and the Workers and Dealers therein Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and The two diffe after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty all Silver Vessels of Plate or ma rent Standards nufactured of Silver shall not be made lest, in Fineness than that of eleven Ounces ten penny Weight of wrought Hate Of northeast Silver in every Pound Troy, or of Silver less in Fineness than eleven Ounces two pennyweight of fine Silver in every Pound Troy, which two different Standards of wrought Plate shall "be severally Though distingnish and respectively marked with distinguishing Marks; (that is to say) Vessels made of Silver Plate or ma mgmarks for the nu factored Silver not less in Fineness than eleven Ounces ten pennyweight of fine Silver in every Pound two Standards. Troy, to be marked with the workman's Mark, the Mark of the Wardens of the Mystery or Craft of the Goldsmiths, and with the Figure of a lion's Head erased, and the Figure of a Woman called the Britannia, and all Vessels of Silver Plate or manufactured Silver not less in Fineness than eleven Ounces twopenny Weight of fine Silver in every Pound Troy, and under the Degree of eleven Ounces ten penny Weight of fine Silver in every Pound Troy, shall be marked with the workman's Mark, and the Wardens of the Mystery or Craft of Goldsmiths as aforesaid, and with the Figure of a Lion passant, and the Figure of No Plate to be of a leopard's Stead; and that it shall not be lawful to make any Vessels of Silver Plate or Manufactures a coatfer Allay. 0p g£]ver Of jj coarser Allay than what is herein specified, under the Penalties and Forfeitures prescribed so'&r/v) by any of the Laws now in Being concerning wrought Plate; anything in this Act or any other Act or Geo. ztc. j6. Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

15 Geo. 2. c.zo. 29 Geo. 2. c. 14. 31 Geo. 2. c. 32. 32 Geo. 2. c. 24.

Not to invalidate

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act the Provision of contained shall be construed any way to invalidate or infringe a Provision made by an Act passed in the 20, 0001. for fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign for appropriating a Sum not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to electing Schools appi; ed towards erecting and maintaining Schools in the Highlands of Scotland, nor to alter the Order '4 Geo '1 ca' an Manner appointed by the said Act for raising the said Sum out of the Moneys which shall arise by Sale sea. 32.' of the forfeited Estates in Scotland, anything in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Appropriation of

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent to his

an Aid iventy, all the

Loans made or to be made on that Act, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax shall b'satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent or to be lent to his Majesty upon an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act $ Geo. 1. c. 2 for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to call in such exchequer bills as are to be cancelled and discharged with Money appointed for that Purpose, and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry thereby granted or continued, as filial] arise and remain (if any such be) after all the Loans made or to be made on the same Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and all the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the same Duties shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall he reserved to discharge the same; and the said Sum not exceeding three hundred and twelve thousand Pounds intended to be raised as aforesaid; the said Sum of two hundred thousand seven hundred thirty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, to be taken out of the said clear Produce of Forfeitures, in pursuance of this present Act, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that ?S, 04pl. -, s, id. is to say. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid one fifth Part fa; d there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty eight thousand forty-nine make cooil the Pounds three Shillings one Penny and one fifth Part of a Penny, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called the General Fund, for raising seven hundred and twenty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and nine een.

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall or may be issued or applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, three hundred ninety seven thousand seven hundred thirty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and threepence and five tenth Parts of a Penny, for or towards the naval Services following; that is to lay, Any Sums not exceeding three hundred seventy seven thousand five hundred sixty one Pounds six Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, for making good several extraordinary Expenses for the Service of his Majesty's Navy and the Victualling thereof for ilie Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, not provided for by Parliament; and any further Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred and nineteen thousand nine hundred and eighteen Pounds ten Shillings and eight Pence, for or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy and for half-pay to sea officers; and for or towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy and Victualling thereof performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea services in the Office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed,; and any further Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding seventy nine thou send seven hundred twenty-three Pounds, for or towards Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed of to

ba

make good the General Fund,

For Naval ser.

D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C it. 293

be performed; and any further Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand five hundre! and thirty Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence, for extraordinary Charge of the Transport Services for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, not provided for by Parliament.

XLV. And it is hereby alto enacbed, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid tv io -

there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty one though iud

seven hundred and twenty Pounds two Sli Dings and one halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of the gi fice of his Majesty's Ordnance for land services performed and to be performed; and for or towards making good the Lxceedings in that Office in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen.

XLVI. And it is hereby likewise crafted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore So >, said there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whob thcg, L '1;

Suin of nine hundred rwenty six thousand six hundred forty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence, r loni> for or towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any Sum not exceeding five hundred sixty three thousand five hundred and eight Pounds fifteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of fourteen thousand four hundred and sixty nine cfrec tive Men (including Commission and non commiluon Officers, and two thousand and thirty-four Invalids.) for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the hear one thousand seven hundred anti twenty; and any Stun and Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred forty-eight thousand and thirty-five Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence halfpenny; for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations,

Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis and Placentia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and any Sum and Sums of Aloney not exceeding sixteen thousand three: hundred thirty-one Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account for out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding, ninety-nine thousand seven hundred sixty eight Pounds two Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses for the Service of his Majesty's land forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums not exceeding ninety-nine thousand Pounds, upon account of half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty, to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's land forces and Marines: Subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf; and that the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or burpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned.

XLVII. Provided always, That such Sums as by or in pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parlia For the Comment are or shall be due or payable to any Commissioners for taking, examining, sating and determi nuflioneis of ning the Debts due to the Army, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or other incident Charges, shall arn, i' accounk« or may be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And as to the said Sum of ninety-nine thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on account Rules to be ob of half-pay as aforesaid, It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules in the herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; That is to say, iht Half "

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of sixteen' '

at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some reg ment, Troop or Company.

That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his ma jefby, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

That no Chaplain of any Garrison. or Regiment, who has any ecclesiastical Benefice, or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive my Part of the said half-pay.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since.

That no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same, asreduced Officers.

And that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot lately difhanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately, taken off' the Lfbablishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XLIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti 5 Geo. 1. C j5, ' tilled. An Act for redeeming the Fund appropriated for Payment of the lottery tickets which were mad: forth for the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred and ten, by a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the capital Stock of the south-sea Company; and for raising a Sum of Aloney to pi.y off such Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this sejjhn of Parliament;

and to limit Times for Prosecutions upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice, several Supplies which had

been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes.

therein expressed; which any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen,

was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's land forces and Marines; subject C 4 neverthelei's to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf; and the Deficiencies of the said Supplies are made good, or

4- enacted

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

294. w, 11.

Overplus of last enabled to be made goodbye Grants in this Session of parliament now it is hereby provided, enacted year shairpay)and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of one hundred and ten thousand fionlte Jjth Pounds, as is or lb all be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the aforesaid at prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed to such Officers who were maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others, as. by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

L And whereas the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, may issue out Receipts under the Hand or Hands of one or more of their Officers, from Time to Time, upon or for subscriptions to be by the said Company taken for increasing their capital Stock, pursuant to an Act of this pre

Session of Parliament in that Behalf; and may also issue out Warrants under the Hand or Hands of

one or more of their Officers for the Dividend from Time to Time to be made to the Proprietors of the Stock in the said Company: 'It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter any such Receipt or Receipts, Warrant or Warrants, or any in dorfement or Writing, Indorsements or Writings thereupon or therein, or shall tender any such forged, counterfeited or altered Receipt or Receipts, Warrant or Warrants, or any such Receipt or f, eeeipts, Warrant or Warrants, with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereon or therein, knowing the

&zz.9 Geo. i. same to be so forged, counterfeited or altered, to the said Company, or any of their Officers, or shall C 6. 1 Geo. 2. offer to alienate or dispose of t ie same, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, and r6 &G'°' with Intent to defraud the said Company, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Gn >. t. % t len anfl ln such Case every such Person or Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall

Geo. 1. c. 17.

6 Geo. 2. c. 2.

Clause to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the south-sea Company.

Farther Prowl jions concerning this Company 7 Geo. 1. c. 5. 7 Geo. 1. fiat. 2.

8 Geo. 1. c. 21

be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

£? 2s. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 C 2, C 17. 20 Geo.

C 3.

Geo. 2. c. 2 & 11. 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CL a use for explaining the Act C 5 Geo. i. C is.

concerning foc reign Salt cellared and locked up before 24 C June 1719.

Concerning Salt < see farther S Geo. ( 1. C 4 16, 11

Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 C Geo. 2. c. 20, 5 C Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 C Geo. a. C 12. C 14 Geo. 2. c. 22 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 £5'32.

on Apprentices Indentures.

8 Ann. C 9. Farther Prowi jions concerning Indentures 18 Geo. 2. c. 22.

20 Geo. 2. 32 Geo. 2

45.

23.

Clause for Relief of Thomas Vernon, < Esqj in rec lation to Senna £ imported II May 1716. C

LI. And whereas by an Act passed last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Recovery of the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and for better securing the Duties upon Salt, Liberty is given to his Majesty's Subjects to import foreign Salt for the Use of the i ifhery duty free after Midsummer day one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and it being at the same Time intended by the said Act, That all such foreign Salt as was imported, weighed, cellared and locked up in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties upon Salt, and under the joint Custody of such Officer and the Importer thereof, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, should have the Benefit of being turned over as Stock in Hand, and be made use of in the Fishery duty free; but for want of sufficient Words to express dearly and plainly the Intention of the said Act, in relation to such foreign Salt so imported as aforesaid before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, the Proprietors of the said Salt have, to their great Loss and Detriment, not been able to make use of the said Salt in the last Fishery, nor will, for the Time to come, be enabled to make any Use at all of it, unless the said Act be better explained: 'For Remedy whereof, and to supply the Defect in the said Act, Be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such foreign Salt so imported, cellared and locked up as aforesaid before the said twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, shall, at the Desire of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or his or their Agent or Agents, be turned over as Stock in Hand for the Use of the Fishery duty free; subject nevertheless to the same Conditions and Restrictions as all other foreign Salt intended for the Use of the Fishery, and have the same Benefit and Advantage as oil other foreign Salt intended for the Use of the Fishery, and imported after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; anything in this Act, or any other, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Choose for giving '

LII. And for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through Neglect or Inadvertency have omitted a further Time to pay the several Rates and Duties upon Moneys given, paid or contracted for with Apprentices, and or paying uties < to j, ave the lndentures or Contracts stamped within the Times for those Purposes respectively limited by the Acts of Parliament in that Case made: ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the several Rates and Duties so omitted or neglected to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendring to be stamped such Indentures or Contracts so omitted to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the same Indentures or Contracts shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Apprentices therein named shall be capable of following and exercising the respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid within the respective Times in the said Acts of Parliament limi'ed; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalty by the Omissions aforesaid, are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; anything in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. 'And whereas Thomas Vernon, Esq; did in the Month of May one thousand seven hundred and sixtesn import into the Port of London, on board the Ship Lambert from Alexandria, four Bales of Senna, containing three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds Weight, and did then duly cuter the same at the custorn house, and paid and discharged the Customs and Duties then due and payable by Law for the same, and actually sold the said Senna on board the said Ship before Entry made thereof as aforesaid,

and

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

C

1 2.

295

jc and the same was accordingly delivered to the Buyers; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Senna shall not be chargeable with the Duties charged on Senna as a medicinal Drug by the Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue Duties for er.coura fug the Coinage of Money, and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug, and for the appropriating' severed Supplies granted to his Majesty.

Geo. 1.

C 4;

(Ur.

: n.

An act for preventing of Frauds and Abuses in the Allowances on damaged Wines, and for ien<nhr»int> the Time for the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Wines.

DO.

i' I. WHEREAS by the tenth Rule annexed to an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year oscar. 2. C 4.

W the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, A Suhfidy granted to the King,

r of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported, which has been continued by several subsequent Acts, and is now in Force, it is provided, That if any Wines> Ed. 1. r. 15.

shall prove corrupt and unmerchantable, and fit for nothing but to diflil into hot Waters, or to make '"C 1

Vinegar, then every Owner of such Wines shall be abated in the Subsidy according to such his Damages } C f' '

d in those Wines, by the Discretion of the Collectors of the Customs and one of the principal Officers u, s. <. i, |.

j' And wher.as several other Subsidies, Impositions and Duties have been since laid, and are now payable 7 Ed. 6. C 5.

to his Majesty, on the Importation of Wines into this Kingdom by several Acts of Parliament now in 5-

l' Force; which several Acts have Reference to the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, and to the said 12 ar'2l e' 2$' ' Rule in making Allowances for the Damages out of the respective Duties on Wines imported (except the Duty payabl on Wines for the encouraging of Coinage, by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year ofiscar. 2. C

the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second:,) And whereas frequent Disputes do arise between the Officers of the Customs and the Merchants, in the making and adjusting the Allowances which damaged Wines may deserve, the f: me depending for the most part on the Taste thereof: 'For the preventing the like Disputes for the future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the second Day of May in After May 2, the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty the said tenth Rule annexed to the said Act l.7-.c, _tlle tentfl of Tonnage and Poundage he, and the same is hereby repealed, made void and shall no longer be put, he Act ofxton^ Practice; any Thing in the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, or in any other Act or Acts, in any wifenage anj pclm, to the contrary notwithstanding. dage shall be re

II. And whereas it may be reasonable to make the Merchants Importers of Wine a Compensation for the Allowances they would have received out of the several Duties of their damaged Wines by virtue of the said ten.h Rule, whereby the p.evenue may be collected V ith greater Certainty, and not lo liable to Abuse: ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Day of Allowances to May one thousand seven hundred and twenty, there shall be made, as well to the Merchant at Importation, as also to the prizage master or Proprietor of the Duties of Prizage, out of all the feteral gross Duties now ou/of th/brofs laid upon Wines in Casks (except the coinage duty before mentioned) over and above the present Abate duties on Wins ments and Discounts, the several Allowances hereafter mentioned; that is to say, Out of the several gross i rpoited in Duties (except the Coinage) now laid upon Rhenlfh Wine, or Wine of the Growth of Germany, or Wines which pay Duty as such, an Allowance after the Rate of two Pounds per Centum; upon French Wines, C ylg i or Wines of the Growth of France, or of any of the French King's Dominions, an Allowance after this ebufe is the Rate of six Pounds p r Centum; and upon Span if, Portugal, and all other Wines (except Rhenish orreflrained. French) an Allowance after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum: The said several Allowances after the Which shall be Rate of two per Centum, six per Centum, and ten per Centum, to be deducted on the Debenture, in case the fhcui>bei°me Wines be again exported; any Lav or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. if the Wines are

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Merchant again exported, or other Person, shall find his Wine or any Part thereof so damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, that he shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties for the same he shall have Liberty, immediately after the landing Damaged orun the Wines, to stave, spill, or otherwise destroy such Wines in the Prelence of two or more of the Officers e.'cl'antawjj of the Customs, to be appointed by the Collector, and one of the principal Officers of the Port, who shall nd the take an exabt Account of the Quantity of Wine which the Merchant or other Person shall so stave, Duty repaid, k C ftfill or otherwise destroy, to the end the Duty of such Wine may be repaid, without any Delay orbyi2geo. 1. Charge to the Merchant, by Certificate, or that the Quantity of Wine so staved, spilled or otherwise de C 28 aft yo. stroyed, be deducted from the Foot of the Account of the Merchant refusing to pay or secure the Duty of such Wine, as aforesaid, in the Book or Books kept by the proper Officer or Officers appointed to the dantsgvj wincs, Discharge of the Ship importing the Wine. CIV

And be it further enacted, That over and above the Duties repaid or allowed, as aforesaid, the Mer Compensation to chant or other Person shall, for every Tonne of Wine, containing two hundred fifty and two Gallons, of the be allowed for Growth of Germany, or Wines which pay Duties as such, and of the Growth of France, so staved, spilled, Frelg 1 0 or otherwise destroyed, be allowed as a Compensation for the Freight and other Charges, the Sum of four Pounds; and Wines of the Growth of Spain, Portugal, and elsewhere, the Sum of eight Pounds per Tonne, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, which Allowances shall without Delay be paid by Certificate out of the Duties arising by the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, and the Officers are hereby required and directed to make, pass, and pay such Certificate without Fee or Reward.

Wines so staved

V

2g6 C 13. Anno sexto gf.orgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

tjrltish Mcr V And for the further Encouragement of the wine trade, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, chants shall have That from and after the second Dav of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty, every Brhifo mcr x6 Months, 3ndcjlant ilave eighteen Months Time from the Importation of all Wines to export the same; and every cxoort wires Alien or Stranger shall have fifteen Months Time from the Importation of all Wines to export the same, imported, 'Vo be which Importation sit all be reckoned from the mailer's Report of the Ship; and shall have the like Recomputed from nefit and Drawback by such Exportation, as if the same had been exported within twelve Months or the matter's. n; northeast Months respectively, as mentioned in the feeond and fourth Rules annexed to the said Act of Tonne report; nage and Poundage; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; Provided V geoti, C 11. Certificates and Oaths be made, and all other Requisites performed, according to the Laws now in being, 10. Provided relating to the Importation and Exportation of Wine.

Certificates and Oaths be made, C

The Exporter

VI. And as a further Encouragement, Be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over to be allowed and above the present Duties drawn back on the Exportation of V ine, the Merchant Exporter be two thirds of allowed, on the Terms and Conditions aforesaid, two thirds of the Impost Duty paid on the Importation on^lnmortation northeast by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of King James the Second, entitled, by the Act of din Mo? for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all wines and Vinegar, imported between the four and 1 j C 2. C 3. twentieth of June one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, and the four and twentieth of June one thousand six hundred ninety three.) which by several subsequent Acts is continued and fhll in Force; anything in the said Act, or in any other Ail to the contrary notwithstanding.

This Act dull

VII Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That anything in this Act contained or to be not t iidn the done in Execution thereof, shall not extend or be construed to extend to diminish or lessen the Duties zs^x'&c of Prizage and Butlerage of Wines due upon the Importation of the same, but that the said Duties shall be collected, taken and received in the same Manner as if this present Adb had never been made.

farlbcrprovljictn 0 iccmir? jvincs. 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. seize. 10. 12 Geo. I. C 2s. ft El. 20. 1 Geo. 2. c. 17. 10 Geo. 2. c. 19. 17 Geo. 2. c. 40. l8 Geo. 2. C o. 26 Geo. 2. C J 2 30 Geo z. C 19. 32 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for ascertaining the Breadths, and preventing Frauds and Abuses in manufadhiring Serges, Piadings and Fingrums, and for regulating the Manufactures of Stockings in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS many Frauds and Abuses are daily committed by Persons employed in the working This Act is ex up of Serges, Piadings and Fingrums, and also in the working and knitting of Stockings in plained and that part of Qrcctf Britain called Scotland, to the great Prejudice of Trade and Commerce: For the better

ic o^avc is Prr; venting whereof, and the ascertaining the Breadths of Serges, Piadings and Fingrums, and for the

C regulating the Manufactures of Knit Stockings in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ' Be it enacted

Breadths, &c. by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and of Planing and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Fnigrans t be from anj after Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

laadvfterct* anc twenty, every Piece of Plading, and narrow and broad Fingrums, which shall be wrought and made Sept, 1720. 'n any Part of Scotland, shall be of the several Breadths and Dimensions herein after mentioned; (that is to say) Every Piece of Plading and narro w Fingrums that shall be so made, shall be wrought and made of the same Sort of Wool and Yarn, and of equal Work and Fineness from one End of the Piece to the other, and shall be at the leal! twenty-eight Inches in Breadth; and that every Piece of broad Fingrum shall be also wrought and made of one entire Sort of Wool and Yarn, and shall be of equal Work and Fineness from 011c End of the Piece to the other End thereof, and shall at least contain thirty-eight Inches in Breadth.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Stockings that shall be made in Scotland, shall Stockings, how be wrought and made of three Threads, and of one Sort of Wool and Worsted, and of equal Work and they shall be Fineness throughout, free of left Loops, hanging Hairs, and of burnt, cutted or mended Holes, and of made in Scot such Shapes anti Sizes respectively as the Patterns which shall be marked by the several Deans of Gild of the chief Boroughs of the respective Counties, according to the Dimensions following; viz. The Stockings for Men, called Long Stockings, shall not be above thirty-six, nor under thirty-four Inches in Length from the Top to the Heel; and not above eight, nor under seven Inches in Breadth at the Top; not above seven, nor under six Inches in Breadth at the broadest Place of the Calf; not above five, nor under four and an Half Inches Breadth at the narrowed: Place of the Ankle; and the Stockings of thirty-six Inches in Length, to be seventeen Inches betwixt the Top and the narrowest Part of the Flam, and twenty-one Inches in Length from the Top to the broadest Part of the Calf; and that those of thirty-four Inches in Length, be fiftem Inches in Length from the Top to the narrowest Part of the Ham, and nineteen Inches in Length from the Top to the broadest Place of the Calf; that the Feet of both the two Sizes aforesaid, be full twelve Inches in Length from the Heel to the Toe, and from four and an Half to five Inches in Breadth: Stockings for Men, called short Stockings, shall not be above twenty-eight, nor under twenty seven Inches in Length from the Top to the Heel, and not above seven, nor under six and an Half Inches Breadth at the Top; not above seven, nor under six Inches in Breadth at the broadest Place of the Ham; not above five, nor under four and an Half Inches at the narrowest Place of the Ankle; and the Stockings of twenty-eight Inches in Length, to be nine Inches from the Top to the narrowest Part of the Ham, and thirteen Inches from the Top to the broadest Part of the Ham; and those of twenty seven Inches in Length, to be eight Inches from the Top to the narrowest Part of the Ham, and twelve Inches from the Top to the broadest Part ca the Ham; that the Feet of the two last 2 mentioned

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 13. ^97

mentioned Sizes be fully twelve Inches in Length, from the Heel to the Toe, and not above five Inches, nor tinder four Inches in Breadth: That all Stockings for Women or Boys, shall not be above twenty tour, nor under twenty-two Inches In Length, from the Top to the Heel, and not above six and an Half, nor under six Inches in Breadth at the Top, nor above five and an Half, nor tinder five Inches in Breadth at the narrowed Place of the Ankle; and the Stockings of twenty-four Inc hes in L ength, to be nine Inches from the Top to the narrowed Part of the Ham, and twelve Inches from the 'Pop to the broaded Part of the Ham; and those of twenty-two Inches in Length, to be seven Inches from the Top to the narrowed Part of the Ham, and ten Inches from the Top to the broaded Part of the Ham; that the Feet of such Womens and Boys Stockings to be fully nine Inches long, from the Heel to the Toe, and not above four, nor under three and an Half Inches in Breadth; which Patterns so marked by them, as aforesaid, shall lie open in the Cnftqdy of the several and relbcclive stamp mailers for ail Persons to see.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates, of the Chief or Head Boroughs Royal of every respective Shire, County or stev/artry in Scotland, dial I be ajtd are hereby impow 'H "j g0, 0u'hl cred and appointed, from Time to Time, to make or cause to be.mad; a Stamp or Stamps bearing the to jrovij^ Arms of the respective Boroughs, and to appoint a fit Person or Persons for inspecting or damping all such Stamps an.i.ijq Serges, Pleadings, Fingrums and Stockings, brought to be damped, of the Lengths, Breadths, and quail point Personsnt ties aforesaid; Person or Persons so nominated, shall before his or their Admission to that Office of<k^sinstock stantp master, be obliged to take an Oath de fideli, and likewise find Surety for the faithful Administration jngf^&c.

and Execution of his Office, for such Sum of Money as the said Magid ates shall appoint; and in like sump mailer to manner the Justices of the Peace in their l'espective Counties and Stewartries, and in default of them, the be sworn art I Commissioners of Supply, shall be and are hereby empowered and ordained, from Time to Time, at the give Security, quarterly Sessions of the said Justices, or annual Meetings of the said Commissioners in Scotland, to ap 1"'cacs

point a btamp or Stamps to be made and kept at some proper Place or Places, where such Serges, Pladings; be

Fingrums and Stockings, are sold within the respective Counties, as their Justices of the Peace, or com kept in proper missioner of Supply shall think proper; and that no stamp mader shall, for himself or any other Person Places, or Persons, trade, traffic, buy, sell or dispose of any such Serges, Pladings, I'ingrums and Stockings; stamp matters directly or indirectly, or shall damp any such Serges, Pladings, I'ingrums and Stockings, which are nots ats made of well sorted Yarn, equally wrought, and of equal Fineness from one End of the Piece to the other, ft. and.of such Breadths, Lengths, Sizes and Scantlings, as aforesaid, he or they so neglecting or offending, any othetwire" ihalfforfeit for every Piece of such Serges, Pladings and Fingrums, the Sum of twenty Shilling', and for made than as every dozen Pair of Stockings, not so made and wrought, as aforesaid, the.sum of twenty Shillings, and hc shall be made incapable of serving in any such Office for the future; and if any Person or Persons in that,

Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall buy, export or transport, or carry to the water side, in order to be incapacity for exported or transported, any such Serges, Pladings, Fingrums or Stockings of Scotland, after the first Day the Future, of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, and twenty, before the Exporting such Stamp be fixed, as aforesaid, he or they so offending, and being thereof convicted shall, for each Piece ofsersjs' be

such Serge, Pladings and Fingrums, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, and for every dozen for

Pair of such Stockings, the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling; and if any Person shall affix or counterfeite°rcb pkcfand any Stamp without the Authority aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit respectively for every dozen the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, or six Months Imprisonment if found insolvent. Pair of Stock

Counterfeiting ths Stamp to forfeit 5i; or six Months Imprisonment, if insolvent.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deans of Gilds of the several Deans of Gilds Head Boroughs of the respective Counties shall, and are hereby declared to be the foie Judge within the^ri^0? ot respective Borough, and the said Dean of Gild, together with the Heretors or Proprietors of all and every trj's oj'0 f public Fair or Market, or any having their Authority, are hereby declared to be jointly Judges of the fences against; Offences committed against this present Act; and in default of the said Dean of Gild, or of the said Master this Act.

of the Fair or Market, or his Deputy, that eflher of the said Judges shall be the foie Judge of such Offence committed in such Places, Villages, Fairs and Maikets, where the aforesaid Goods; Wares and Merchandizes shall be vended or expefed to Sale, as aforesaid, to and for all and every the Intents hereby specified and contained touching the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Serges, Pladings, Fingrums screes c

and Stockings already made and wrought, and which shall be hereafter made and wrought in Scotland, ".J? J which are not of the Length, Breadth, Scantlings and Sizes herein before mentioned and provided touch made before ing the same and every of them which shall be so made and wrought before the said first Day of Septembers. i. 1720, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall and may be sold, rt of the vended, exported or transported as the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof shall judge proper andj, z before think fit, before the first Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven imn j^ented or^ dred and twenty, so as the same, or any of them may not become forfeited, of liable to the several and re exported before spective Forfeitures and Penalties in this Act mentioned and contained touching the same. Decemb. 1.

1720.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Weaver or Weavers, or other Penalty on Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said first Day of September, shall make, work, or.weavers wcrk -- cause to be made and wrought any of the aforesaid Serges, Pladings, Fingrums and Stockings, otherwise

than conformable and according to the aforesaid Regulations and Restrictions herein before mentioned and than conform! explained touching the same, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses;

able to me

298

above Regulations.

10 Geo. 1. e. is.

Owner to pay the scamp ni after 1 d. per Piece for Serges, C and 2 d. per Dozen for Stockings. Forfeitures not paid within ten Days after con vfcftion may be levied by Distress.

If no Distress, Offender to be committed not exceeding three Months.

Penalty to be inflicted in 60 Days.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to quarter sessions; and the Justices jnay allow Colts.

7? Car. z, C 1$.

Ato Sept. 29. thfcpro

C 14. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

nefics, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, ami the said Goods shall also be eonfifeated t the Use of the Informer, and such Offender or Offenders shall also moreover pay the Value of such Goods to the respective Owner and Owners thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner and Owners of such Goods, before the same shall be so marked and stamped as aforesaid, shall first pay or cause to be paid unto the same starr.p master for every Piece of such Serge, Pladings and Fingrums, so to be by them marl CD and flampt as aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny per Piece; and for every Dozen of such Stockings so to be by them marked and flampt as aforesaid, the Sum of twopence per Dozen.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offender shall, by the Space of ten Days next after he shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, refuse or neglect to pay any Forfeiture by him incurred by reason or means of this present Act, then and not before it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or judges respectively aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall be made, and such Judge or Judges are hereby required to issue out one or more Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals to the respective Officer or Officers, or to the Constable of the Town or Place where such Offender doth inhabit or can be found, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to levy the same by Distress of the offender's Goods, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Offender, and if no such Distress can be found, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, or Gaol of the County or Corporation, to be detained for such Time as the Judge or Judges, before whom such Conviction shall be made, shall direct, not exceeding three Months for any one Offence.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Penalties incurred by reason of this Act, be iuflidled. within sixty Days next after the Offences be committed or discovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons do or shall find him or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any of the Judge or Judges upon any Conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County or Place where such Conviction shall be made, giving sufficient Notice of such Appeal; and if the Justices of the Peace at such Session shall think fit to confirm or disannul the said Order or Warrant, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in other Cales of Appeals from the Orders of any Justices of the Peace to the quarter sessions.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn of the Product or Manufacture of Alfa, from any Ports or Places in the Straights or Levant Seas, except such Forts and Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encrcafing of Shipping and Na

it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Goods or Commodities which are of foreign Growth, Production and Manufacture, which by the said Act are to be brought into England., Ireland Wales, the Islands of Guernsey or for fey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in English or other Shipping,

navigated in such manner as therein is mentioned, shall be shipped or brought from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production or Manufacture, or 1 from those Parts where the said Goods and Commodities could only or were or usually had been first

shipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries: And whereas in the said Act

there is a Proviso in the Words following; (viz.) Provided always, That this Act, or anything the rein,

contained, extend not, or be meant to refrain and prohibit the Importation of any the Commodities of the Straights or Levant Seas, loaden in English built Shipping, and whereof the Maser and three Fourths of the Mariners at leaf are English, from the usual Ports or Places for lading of them heretofore within the said

or Levant Seas, though the said Commodities be not of the very Growth of the said Places: And whereas at the Time of passing the said recited Act, the Subjects of France exported very little Woollen Manufacture into Turley, and were then supplied with great Quantities of Woollen Goods from En ' gland for their own Use, and likewise with Raw Silks, and other Goods of Turkey, which, were the Returns of English Woollen Manufactures; for all which the Importation into France was then free for the Subjects of England: And whereas the Woollen Manufacture in France has since that Time been greatly increased, and very large Quantities of such Goods are now annually imported from thence to

Turkey, in Return whereof they bring from thence Raw Silk and other Commodities to jwarfdllcs, and

other Parts in France, great Quantities whereof are carried into Italy, and from thence imported into Great Britain in English Shipping, greatly to the Discouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Advancement thereof in France; and without some fpqedy Care therein, the Bri.

5 tijl> Trade to Turkey will be daily lessened, and is i 1 Danger of being entirely lost Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 25. 299

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, viso In the red: That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the said tc<! Ash 35 y last recited Clause or Proviso, as to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, of the Product or Mafsna»" i nufacture of Asia, shall be, and is hereby repealed, excepting only as to the Ports and Places in the said y'a(i1a'f

Straights or Levant Seas which are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior. - the I'rodudt of

Asia, is repealed except to Places witkin tl»c Grand signior'a Dominion.

CAP. XV.

An Act to repeal so much of the Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's cu/toms, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Deal boards and Fir timber from Germany.

( I. WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth 13*cri.

Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds andc, 11' rec regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs, Deal boards and Fir timber are (among other Things therein mentioned) prohibited to be imported from the Netherlands or Germany, upon any Pretence whatsoever,

in any Sort of Ships or Vessels whatsoever, upon Penalty of the Loss of all the said Goods, as also the Ship and Furniture: And whereas Fir timber, Fir planks, Malls, and Deal boards, are not only found to be useful and necessary in the Building and Refitting his Majesty's Ships of War, and other Ships and Vessels, but the same have of late Years been, and now are very much used in and about all manner of Buildings, which hath occasioned so great a Demand for, and Consumption of the said Com ' modifies, that the Price thereof, at the Places from whence the same may now be lawfully imported, is very much increased, to the Prejudice of Trade, which may be remedied, if the said Prohibition be taken off, whereby the said Commodities will become more plentiful, and the Price thereof much reduced Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the After Au, r Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho, 720. ivmu)k rity of the same. That from and after the first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord one of the recited thousand seven hundred and twenty, so much of the said Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and prohl- regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Ciiftams, as prohibits the Importation of Deal boards and Fir timber from ution of Deal germany only, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, annulled and made void, to all Intents and Pur Boards, C poses whatsoever. from Germany

only, shall be repealed. 13 & 14 Car. i. C u.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of t«^r^/?h!s.majesty'3 one thousand seven hundred and twenty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects,

to import any Quantity or Quantities of Fir timber, Fir planks, Malls, and Deal boards, beingxi^ber, cof the Growth of Germany, into this Kingdom from any Port or Place in Germany, in British built Ships from Germany, only, so as the Owner or Owners are his Majesty's British Subjects, and whereof the Mailer, and three paying the like Fourths of the Mariners at least are British Subjects, paying the like Rates and Duties to his Majesty for pulics as that the same, as are now payable for Sir timber, Fir planks, Malls, and Deal boards imported tom

Norway.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall Not rcpe.a! sot extend, or be conllrued to extend, to discharge or repeal the said Clause in the said Act of Parliament, rec

so far as the same prohibits Importation of the said Commodities from the Netherlands: But as to such Im f0efarca, it pro portation thereof from the Netherlands, or any Port or Place therein, the before mentioned Act, and all the Mbit# the Im penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be in full Force and Efieft, as fully and entirely as jfpartation of the this Act had never been made; anything in this present Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. thxh^hnil

3 00

C 16.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis,

A.D.

1719>

43 El. C 7.

I Cay, 2. C 2. 22 & 23 cvr. 2 f. 7.

T

1 Geo. 1,

C 48.

ft, 2

After June 24, 3720, Owners of Trees, Hedges, &c. cut down, spoiled, C either by Day or by Kiglir, tial have s.itiyfaction from the Inhabitants of the Place, in the same manner as lor Dikes; C overthrown in the Night, is provided by

13 Ed. j.

j 3 Ed. r. ft. 1. C 46.

tjnless the Offender be convicted in six Months.

Two Justices of Peace of the Place, or the Seliionfi, to hear Complaints and ft silly determine ull Offences against this Act

Cap. XVI

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the Planting of Timber trees, Fruit trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit, and for the better Preservation of the same, and for the preventing the burning of Woods, and for the better Preservation of the Fences of such Woods.

WHEREAS diverse lewd, lawless, turbulent and disorderly Persons and others, ibme times in an open, riotous and tumultuous Manner, and at other times in a clandestine, malicious, and private Manner, do (without the Consent of the Owners) enter the Woods, Wood grounds, Coppices, Plantations, Parks and Chases of diverse Lords of Manors, and other Owners and Proprietors thereof, and make great Havoclc and Destruction, by cutting down, breaking, throwing down, bark ing, plucking up, defacing, spoiling, taking or carrying away, the Wood, or Springs of Wood, Poles, ' Woods, Tops of Trees, Fruit trees, Thorns, Quicksets and Underwoods.; there growing or being, ' and also by breaking open, throwing down, levelling or destroying the Hedges, Gates, Polls, Styles, ' Railing, Fences, Ditches, Banks, Walls, or other Enclosures of such Woods, Wood grounds, Parks, Chases or Coppices, and the Offenders therein being not discovered, pass with Impunity to the great e Discouragement of all Owners, Planters and Preservers of Wood, and to the great Wrong and Injury of such Lords of Manors, and other Owners and Proprietors of such Woods, Wood grounds., Parks,

Chases, Coppices, Plantations, Timber trees, Fruit trees, or other Trees, Thorns or Quicksets: And whereas some Doubts have arisen whether the Offences committed in the daytime, mentioned in an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the Planting ofthn ber trees, Fruit trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit, and for the better Preservation the same, and for the preventing the burning of Woods, are punishable by the said Act: And whereas there is no Provision made in the said Act for punishing the Offences committed by Persons who shall break open, throw down, level or destroy the Hedges, Gates, Polls, Styles, Railing, Fences, Ditches,

Banks, Walls or other Enclosures of such Woods, Wood grounds, Plantations and Coppices Therefore for the explaining and amending the said Act, and for remedying the several Mischiefs herein before mentioned, and for the better preserving of all such Wood springs or Springs of Wood, 'Poles, Quick woods, Plantations, Under woods, Cop pice woods, Gates, Polls, Styles, Railing, Fences, Hedges, Walls and other Enclosures of Woods, from being unlawfully cut, taken, spoiled, broken, burnt, destroyed, defaced or carried away; and for the better discovering and more effectual Punishment of such Offenders therein, their Aiders and Abettors; and for the providing Satisfaction for the Damages the respective Proprietors thereof shall fullain thereby: Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and afc.er the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, mall, either by Day or by night, cut, take, destroy, break, throw down, bark, pluck up, burn, deface, spoil or carry away any Wood springs or Springs of Wood, Trees, Poles, Wood, 1 Tops of Trees, Under woods or Coppice woods, Thorns or Quicksets, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners of such Woods, Wood grounds, Parks, Chases or Coppices, Plantations, Timber trees, Fruit trees, or other Trees, Thorps or Quicksets, or of the Person chiefly entrusted with the Care and Custody thereof, or shall break open, throw down, level or destroy any Hedges, Gates, Polls, Styles, Railing, Wall:, Fences, Dikes, Ditches, Banks or other Enclosures of such Woods, Wood grounds, Parks, Chases or Coppices, Plantations, Timber trees, Fruit trees or other Trees, Thorns or Quicksets, such lords of Manors, Owners and Proprietors of the same, that is, are, shall or may be damaged thereby, shall have such Remedy, and have and receive such Salisfaction and Recompense of and from the Inhabitants of the parishes, Towns, Hamlets, Villages or Places joining on such Wood springs or Springs of Wood, Wood grounds Parks, Chases or Coppices, and recover such Damages against the Parish, Town, Hamlet, Vill or Place, Parishes, Towns, Hamlets, Villages or Places aforesaid, and in the same Manner and Form as for Dikes and Hedges overthrown by Persons in the Night, or at another Season when they suppose not to beefpied; as in and by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, entitled. Lords may approve against their Neighbours: usurpations of Commons during tee Ejhite of particular Tenants, is set forth and provided; unless the Party or Parties so offending hall, by such Parish, Town, Hamlet, Vill or Place, Parishes, Towns, Hamlets, Villages or Places, be convicted of such Offence within the Space of six Months from the committing such Offence or Offences; any Law or Construction to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, any Time or Times from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, in a riotous, open, tumultuous, or in a secret and clandestine manner, forceably or wrongfully and maliciously, and without the Consent of the Proprietor, Wood reeve, Wood keeper or Person chiefly entrusted with the Care, Oversight and Custody of such Woods, Wood grounds, Parks, Chases, Coppices or Plantations, shall cut down, destroy, break, bark, throw down, burn, take, deface, spoil or carry away any Wood or Springs of Wood, Under wood or Coppice wood, or shall in such a riotous, forceable, tumultuous, secret or

clandestine

3 oi

clandestine manner as aforesaid maliciously break open, throw down, level or destroy any Hedges, Gates,

Posts, Styles, Rails, Fences, Ditches, Banks or inclosures of such Woods, Wood grounds, Coppices,

Plantations, Timber trees, Fruit trees, or other Trees, Thorns or Quicksets, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divirton, City,

Town, Borough or Corporation wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or for the Justices in open Sections, upon Complaint to them made by any Inhabitant of the aforesaid Parish, ham jet, Vill or Place, or of the Owner of such Tree or Trees, Woods, Wood grounds, Parks, Chases, 'Coppices or Plantations, or of any other, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended for the tref 'passes and Offences aforesaid, or any of them, and to hear and finally determine and adjudge all and every the Offence and Offences aforesaid: if such Justices shall convict any Person or Persons of all or any And if they cor. the Trespasses and Offences aforesaid, then such Justices, immediately after such Conviction, shall and area.ny.herl°n« hereby required to inflict all and every the same Penalties and Punishments in the said Act of the first Year i'vn'ctlt

of his Majesty's Reign herein before mentioned, as fully and largely, and in the same manner, for all and in "the every the Crimes and Offences herein before expressed, although not contained in the said Act, as if thea£l i Geo. i. same were here again repeated and re enacted. ft' C 4s.,

IIIS Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any act ion or Actions, Persons rued Suit or Suits, shall at any Time hereafter be brought, commenced or prol ecuted against: any Person or Persons for any Cause, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act or therefore recited Acts, that ther?cove defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue, and thereupon give treble Costs, the special Matter of his Defence in Evidence 3 and in case a Verdict passes therein for such Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff becomes nonsuit, or discontinues his Action, the Defendant or Defendants in far[hr pnv such Calc shall have and recover treble Costs; any Law or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise^j, notwithstanding !- 29 Gu. z,

C 36. - 31 Geo. 2. c. 41.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, state and determine the Debts due to the Army; and to examine and state the Demands of several foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War.

EXP

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his maje jesty by two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending

Money upon Bottomry 3 and for retraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practises therein mentioned.

'I. 1 sos T Gracious Sovereign 3 Whereas it hath for many Ages past been e deemed good Policy, by By f4 G. =. 1 ivjl all proper Ways and Means, to secure and encourage the Trade of this Realm, whereby theci V AS ' Wealth and Strength of the same, and particularly the Shipping, Navigation and public Revenues Jy '*3 thereof, have been increased; and it hath been, Time out of Mind, a Custom "or Usage amongst Mcr.

chants, as well of this realm as of foreign Nations, 'when they, make any Adventures ac Sea' (especially into remote or dangerous Parts) to give a Premium or Consideration to particular Perloiis, to have from'

such particular Persons Assurance of or upon Ships, Goods or Merchandizes adventured, 'or fofhe of them, at such Rates or Prices as the Parties Ailurbrs ard the Parties affined caii agree, which Kind of Contrast or Dealing is commonly called a Policy of Assurance, and several Laws and Statutes now in Force have been made concerning the same Assurances 5 notwithstanding which it is found by Expe 43 e!iz. - 12,

rien.ee, That many particular Persons, after they have received large Premiums or Consideration moneys 13. & hc*r.* for or towards the insuring Ships, Goods and Merchandizes at Sea, have become Bankrupts, or other C 23* -. - wile failed in answering or complying with their Policies of Assurance, whereby, they were particularly -1 engaged to make good or contribute towards the Losses which Merchants or Traders have .'fuftaiiied, to"

the Ruin or Impoverishment of many Merchants and Traders, and to the Discouragement of Adven:

turers at Sea, and to the great Diminution of the Trade, Wealth, Strength and public Revenues, of ". L this Kingdom: And whereas it is conceived, That if two several and distinct Corporations, "with a competent Joint Stock to each of them belonging, and under proper Conditions', Restrictions and Regulations, w£re crested and established for Assurance of Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea, of going tc 'sea (exclusive of all or any other corporations or Bodies Politic already created, or hereafter to be? created, and likewise exclusive of such 'societies or Partnerships as now are or may hereafter be entered into for that Purpose) several Merchants or Traders, who adventure their Estates, or part..of their Estates, in such Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea, or going to Sea (especially in remote cr hazar dous Voyages) would think it much safer for them to depend on the Policies or Assurances of either of those two Corporations so to be erected and established, than on the Policies or Assurances of private or particular Persons; that such Merchants or Adventurers as shall hereafter he minded to agree for Assuranc of their Ships, Goods or Merchandizes with private or particular Persons, may still be at

6 Liberty -

A.D. 1719.

His Majesty may grant Charters to two distinct Companies for Assurance of Ships, and for lending Money on Bottomry,

C 18. Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

Liberty so to do according to their own Option or Choice: And whereas it has also been a Custom or s'ufjge in this as well as in other Nations, for Merchants or Traders, who adventure their Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, to borrow Money to be repaid upon the Return or Arrival of such Ships, which Kind of borrowing is commonly called, taking up Money on Bottomry; in which Cases the Lenders 6 run a Risque or Hazard, more or less, of loling their Principal, and are therefore allowed to contract for such interest or Consideration money for the Use or Forbearance of the Principal, as can be agreed upon between the Borrowers and the Lenders; and it is considered, That it may be a great Advantage and Encouragement to Trade and Navigation, if such Merchants and Traders might have it in their Power, at their own Election, cither to have Recourse to one of the Corporations to be erected and established in pursuance of this Actor to private or particular Persons for borrowing Money upon Bot 1 tomty as aforesaid, at such Rate or Rates as shall be agreed upon between such Borrowers and Lenders s respectively: And whereas the foie Right and Prerogative of granting Charters of Incorporation (not being such as are repugnant to any Law or Statute of this Realm) doth belong to your Majesty; it is considered, That if your Majesty shall be graciously pleased to grant two such distinct Charters as aforesaid, the Members of each Corporation so to be eroded and established (for and in Consideration of the Advantages which may accrue to them respectively thereby, and for having reasonable Powers and Privileges secured to them in pursuance of this Act) may be willing to pay to your majesty's Use such Sums of Money, at such Times and by such Proportions, as are herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one Charter or Indenture under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant, That such and 10 many Persons (who shall be named therein, and of whose Abilities and Fitness his Majesty shall thereby declare himself to be well satisfied) and all and every such other Person and Persons as hereafter from Time to Time shall be duly admitted as Members into their Corporation, shall be one distinct and separate Body Politic and Corporate for the Assurance of Ships, Goods and Merchandizes at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by such Name, as his Majesty hall think most proper: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by another Charter or Indenture under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant. That such and so many other Persons (who shall be named therein, and of whose Abilities and Fitness his Majesty shall thereby declare himself to be well satisfied) and all and every such other Person and Persons as hereafter from Time to Time shall be duly admitted as Members into their Corporation, shall be one other distinct and separate Body Politic and Corporate for Assurance of Ships, Goods and Merchandizes at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by such Name as his Majesty also shall think most proper: And that the said several and respective Corporations, by their respective Names aforesaid, shall have perpetual Succession, subject nevertheless to such Redemption or Power of Revocation as hereafter in this Act is provided concerning the same; and that the said several and respective Corporations, during the Continuance thereof respectively, shall have Power from Time to Time to choose their respective Governors, Directors and other Officers and Servants, for better Management of the Affairs of the same Corporations respectively, in such manner and under such 'Qualifications, as shall be prescribed in and by the said respective Charters or Indentures in that Behalf; nevertheless the first Governor and Directors of each of the said two Corporations shall or may he appointed by his Majesty, in and by the same Charters or Indentures respectively; that the said first Governors and Directors, and aft subsequent Governors and Directors, shall continue in their respective Offices for three Years, and in case of Death or Removal be supplied as in such respective Charters or Indentures shall be prescribed; and that

______ each of the said Corporations or Bodies Politic, by such respective Names as aforesaid, shall and may have

dues Years, C and use a Common Seal only for the Business of the same Corporations respectively, and such Seal from To have a Com time to Time may break, change, make new or alter, as shall be found most expedient; and that each of jnon Seal. the said Corporations shall be able and capable in Law to purchase, take and enjoy Messuages, Lands or

May purchase Tenements not exceeding the Value of one thousand Pounds per Annum, and to grant, alien, demise or

x.arfds to the dispose the same, or any Part thereof, at their free Wills and Pleasures; shall be able and capable in

Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered in Courts of Record, or elsewhere, in all Actions, and Causes whatsoever, for, touching or concerning the Assurance of Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea, or lending Money upon Bottomry, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever concerning the same Corporations respectively.

Esch of the

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said two Corporations Corporations to to be erected and established as aforesaid (for and in Consideration of the Benefits and Advantages which u. jnay accrue to them respectively by virtue of the said respective Charters or Indentures, and the Grants

thereby to be made to each of them) shall be obliged by Force and Virtue of this Act, and.of the respective Charters or Indentures before mentioned, to pay or cause to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at we/hninster, for the Use of the King's Majesty, in order to discharge the Debts and Expenses of his Civil Government, the full Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain (which for both Corporations will amount in the whole to six hundred thousand Pounds;,) the said Payments for each Corporation to be made in manner following; that is to say, One full and equal third Part thereof within one calendary Month after the Date of the respective Charter or Indenture, for or upon Account of which such Payment is to be made; one full and equal sixth Part thereof within three calendary

lo have perpetual Succession, but subject to Redemption.

They may choose their own Governors, See,

The first Governor, &c. to be appointed by his Majesty.

To continue in their Places for

Value of 1000l. per Ann.

May sue or be

iued.

pay into the Exchequer }DD, OCO 1. for dtlcharging the Debt; of the Civil List. y'gee. x. c.zy,

Times of Paya.

D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 18. 303

dary Months after such Date; one other full and equal sixth Part thereof within five ealendary Months after such Date; one other full and equal sixth Part thereof within eight ealendary Months after such Date; and the remaining sixth Part thereof within ten ealendary Months after such Date, without any Deduction,

Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That in case the said Corporations, or either of them, shall make Fai on Failure of lure in Payment of the said several Sums of three hundred thousand Pounds, and three hundred thousand|'ayni^'^tiic Pounds, to be paid by each of them respectively as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, at the respective timesin'(ts£o herein before limited for Payment of the same, then and in every or any such Case or Cases, the Aloney turm; be whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's Name against the particular Corporation or Corporations making such Failure, by Action of Debt or upon the Cafc,

Bill, Suit or Information in any his Majesty's Courts of Record at ivejimbtfltr, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; and in such action, Bill, Suit or Information it shall be lawful to declare, That the said Corporation so making default in Payment is indebted to the King's Majesty the Money whereof such default in Payment shall have been made, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, Bill, Suit or Information there shall be further recovered against the Dcfcn ten pt Cent, dants Damage after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Moneys so unpaid, besides full ptff A1 Costs of Suit; and each Corporation so making Default in Payment, and its Stock and Effects shall bes "it 01 0 and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto; and if default shall be made in the Payment of the said 0) jseveral and respective Sums of three hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by the Space of thirty mm Days after any of the Days of Payment limited as aforesaid for the Payment of the same, or any propor dajs) Corporation thereof, that then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's Majesty, his tion may be de heirs and Successors, by any Instrument or Writing under his or their Great Seal of Great Britain, or lermined>

Privy Seal, to signify his or their Pleasure for revoking and making void, and thereby to revoke and make void all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages to be granted as aforesaid to that particular Corporation so making Default, and to determine the same Corporation; and thereupon the said Powers, Privileges and Advantages shall accordingly be revoked, and the same Corporation shall be determined, without any in quifnion, Scire facias, or any Matter or Thing to make void and determine the same; anything in this present act contained, or in such Charters or Indentures to be contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the two Corporations to be Each corpora erected and established as aforesaid shall be obliged, by Force and Virtue of this Act, and of the respective^10" '°^pr°v!d^3 Charters or Indentures to be granted or made forth as aforesaid, from Time to Time, during the conti aravai?^ nuance of the same Corporations respectively, to cause such a Stock of ready Money to be provided and Demands on reserved, as shall be sufficient to answer, from Time to Time, all just Demands upon their Policies of their Policies. ahurance for any Losses whatsoever which shall happen; and shall satisfy, pay and discharge the same Demands from Time to Time, according to the Tenors of their respective Policies of Assurance, and the true Meaning of this Act; and in case of Refusal or Neglect, the Party or Parties assured, his, her or their On Neglefi may Executors, Administrators or Assigns may bring his, her or their Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, be fucdj

Suit or Information for the Money demanded, against the Corporation refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's said Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection,

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in such Action, Bill,

Suit or Information the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may declare. That the same Corporation is indebted to him, her or them the Adoney so demanded, and have not paid the same according to this Act; and thereupon the _. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover against the same Corporation double Damages, besides full Costs of Suit, JTJ, ^and the Stock and Effects of the particular Corporation so refusing or neglecting to pay, shall be also fub, Geo. t.'jjeft and liable thereto. C 3o. fcc. 43.

Altered as to double Damages by S Geo. I. C 15. see, 25.'

V. And to the End the said Sums of three hundred thousand Pounds and three hundred thousand Pounds may be raised and duly paid in o the Exchequer for his Majesty's Use within the respective Times before mentioned; and that sufficient Provision of Money may be made for ready answering and paying just Demands upon the Policies of the said respective Corporations for Losses which shall or may happen at Sea y and that the said respective Corporations may be enabled to lend Money upon Bottomry as aforesaid, or to lend or advance Money upon any Parliamentary Securities, and may be furnished with Money for other

their necessary or lawful Occasions: is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of each corpora the said Corporations intended to be established by this Act shall be obliged, by Force and Virtue ofi this*10".10 a Act, and' of the respective Charters or Indentures before mentioned, to raise such Sums of Money as Majesty shall therein direct, not exceeding one million five hundred thousand Pounds, within such Time j, 5qgjcqoi. or Times, and by such Proportions at a Time, and in such manner, as in and by the said Charters or In*'

respectively shall be appointed; and the Moneys so raised shall be and be called the Capital Stock, belonging to each of the same Corporations respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and' may be lawful to and for Mow tl.ecapital the said respective Corporations (when constituted) in such General Courts thereof as shall be authorised Stock shall L to be held pursuant to the said Charters or Indentures respectively. raise such, Capital Stocks as afore r3lf£d'

said, either by taking Subscriptions from particular Persons (being or not. being Members of the said

respective

All Subscribers Entitled to a Shite in the Capita! Stock.

C is. Anno sexto geo ksii Regis, A.D. 1)19,

respective Corporations) for advancing Money fdr this Purpose, according to the Orders of such General Courts respectively, or by Calls of Money from the respective Members for the Time being of the said several Corporations, or by such other Ways and Means, and in such Methods as to such General Courts respectively shall seem meet and expedient for making up the said Capital Stocks respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons, by or for whom any Subscription shall be accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of such General Courts respectively, for or towards the raising the said, Stocks, not exceeding one million five hundred thousand Pounds and one million five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively shall h2ve and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Stock of that corporation, towards which he, she or they shall have contributed, in proportion to the Moneys which he, she or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capita! Stock of such Corporation respectively, and shall be admitted to be Members of the same; but that no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any greater Share in the Capital or Nominal Stock of either of such respective Corporations, than the Money which he, she or they shall have paid towards the same. Corporation

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Corporations to be erected may make Calls and established' as aforesaid, for better enabling them to answer all just Demands upon their respective Poof Money from licies of Assurance for Losses which may happen at Sea, and to lend Money upon Bottomry as aforesaid, they members at any Time or Times during the respective Continuances of those Corporations, according to the true ttwrstodcs!to Latent and Meaning of this Act, shall have Power in their respective General Courts, from Time to Time, as they shall see cause, to call in or direct to be paid, from and by their respective Members for the Time being, 'proportionally according to their respective Share or Shares in the Capital' Stock or Stocks which do or shall belong to each of the said Corporations, any further Sum and Sums of Money as by such General Courts respectively shall from Time to Time be judged necessary, and be ordered to be called in or raifdd; and that all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees and Mortgagees shall be indemnified in paying, and are hereby impowered to pay in their respective Proportions of the Money Penalty for not f called for: And in case any Member or Members, who shall be required to pay in Money upon ny answering calls. Call or Calls to be made pursuant to this Act, filial] refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Share of the Money so called for, 'at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose, by Notice infened in the London Gazette and upon the Royal Exchange in London, It shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Corporations, and their successors, not only to flop the Share, Dividends and Profits which shall from Time to Time become payable by that particular Corporation to such Member or Members so neglecting or refusing, and to apply the same from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so neglecting ot: refusing, until the same shall be satisfied; also to flop the Transfers or Assignments of the Share and Shares of every such Defaulter and Defaulters, and to charge such Defaulter and Defaulters with Interest after the Rate of eight Pounds pci Centum per Annum ox the Money so by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the' Time the same was appointed to be paid, until the Payment thereof; and that the Share and Stack, Shares and Stocks of such Defaulter and Defaulters shall be liable to make good and answer the said Moneys so appointed to be paid, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid; in case the same Principal and Interest shall be unpaid by the Space of three Months, then the same respective Corporations, or their respective Courts of Directors for the Time being, shall have Power to authorise such Person or Persons as they respectively shall think fit, to sell, assign and transfer so much of the said Stock or Stocks of such Defaulter or Defaulters, as will satisfy and pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Proprietors; and the Money so called for and paid in shall he deemed Capital Stock, and shall be written in the Books of the said respective Corporations; and the respective Members paying the same shall have Credit in the said Books for their respective Proportions or Shares thereof; nevertheless the said respective corporations, and their respective Successors, in a General Court, from Time to Time, when they judge their Affairs will admit thereof, shall or may cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so called in, or any Part thereof, to be divided and distributed to and amongst the then Members of that Corporation, according and in proportion to the respective Share or Shares which they shall then have of or in the respective Capital Stock or Stocks of the same; and their respective Shares in the Capital shall propor tionably be abated.

Each Corpora

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Corporations to be tion may take erected and established as aforesaid, for better enabling them to lend or advance Money upon any parliahe!r^commoiierineniary Securities at any Time or Times during the respective Continuances of those Corporations as, £eair to*1advance aforesaid, shall have Power from Time to Time (in case they shall think fit) to borrow or take up Money, Money on Par upon Bills, Bonds or Obligations, under their Common Seal, at such Rate or Rates of Interest, for any liar.ientavy southeast Time not less than six Months from the borrowing thereof, as they shall think fit, so as all the Principal 'enrit/es. Moneys which they shall respectively so borrow, shall not at any Time exceed the Principal Moneys

which shall be then owing to such Corporation respectively upon such parliamentary Securities, exclusive of the Moneys which shall have been advanced for or upon account of the said several Sums of three Not chargeable hundred thousand Pounds before mentioned; and that all such Bills, Bonds or Obligations, under the with the Stamp Common Seal of either of the said Corporations, shall not be chargeable with any Duties upon Stamptj

Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii

Regis.

C 18. 305

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the particular Share and Shares of the Slum in the respective Members of and in the Capital or Joint stock or Stocks of the two respective Corporations b. c. corpom<*on» lore mentioned, from Time to Time shall he transferrable, assignable and deviseable, and their Bills,

Bonds and Obligations, shall be assignable and recoverable, in suck Manner and Form as his Majesty, by "' "

tyre laid respective Charters or Indentures shall prescribe and appoint, as well in relation to such Share

an 1 Shares of Stock, as in reference to such Bills, Bonds or Obligations respectively; that the ca c. 1 "'To!

pital Stocks of the said respective Corporations, intended to be erected and established in pursuance of this^exccu"ori.°

Act, and the Share and Interest of each and every particular Member thereof and therein, shall he deemed

and adjudged in all Courts of Law and Equity, and elsewhere, to be a personal and not a real Estate, and

hull go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, or entitled

thereunto, and not to the Heir of such Person or Persons; XX Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the

contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Capital Stock and Stocks of the said s, 'c! respective Corporations, to be established pursuant to this Act, and the Shares, Parts and Intereil of thctu '1' respective Members of the same Corporations, of and in the same Capital Stock and Stocks, or the Stock of Money to be raised for the Purposes in this Act shall, during the Continuance thereof, be exempted, and are hereby exempted from any Taxes, Rates, afleitnents or Impositions whatsoever by Act of Parliament, or otherwise; that no Person which shall be Governor, Director, or other Officer of either ofcovi rwr:, the said Corporations to be erected, as aforesaid, shall for that Cause only be disabled from being a Member of Parliament, nor shall in respect of such Share or Sh res be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of all or any the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts, and that no Stock in the said respective Corporations shall be subject or liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma hu rye, jesty, in and by the said respective Charters or Indentures, to grant to the said respective Corporations], *- thereby to be erected or constituted, Power to make Bylaws and Ordinances, and such further Powers,

Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, relating to the said Assurances of Ships, Goods, and merchan c.

dizes at Sea or going to Sea, or lending Money upon Bottomry, as aforesaid, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and to subject the same Corporations respectively, and the Powers, Authorities, Privileges and Advantages so to be granted theunto, as aforesaid, every or any of them, to such Restrictions and Regulations, as to his Majesty shall seem most expedient, and in the same Charters or Indentures respectively shall be express'ed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the granting or rnakingdl'r!ns t*lct vo of the said respective Charters or Indentures for erecting the two Corporations before mentioned, and ".t'"7jc'ts,: nc (infling the same under the said Great Seal, for and during the Continuance of the same Corporations remy jir.re.miips spectivelyj or either of them, all other Corporations or Bodies Politic, before this Time erected or eftn or lend Money 7 blished, or hereafter to be erected or established, whether such Corporations or Bodies Politic, or any of°n bottom.y. them, be foie or aggregate, and all such Societies and Partnerships as now are, or hereafter shall or may

be entered into by any Person or Persons, for alluring Ships or Merchandizes at Sea, or for lending Money upon Bottomry, shall by Force and Virtue of this Act be restrained from granting, flgning or under writing any Policy or Policies of Assurance, or making any Contracts for Assurance of or upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea or going to Sea, and from lending any Moneys by way of Bottomry, as aforesaid; if any Corporation or Body Politic, or Persons acting in such Society or Partnership (other than the two Corporations intended to be established by this Act, or one of them) shall presumej7na, t' to grant, signor underwrite after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred andi-°arin. twenty, any such Policy or Policies, or make any such Contrast or Contrasts for Assurance of or upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea or going to Sea, or take or agree to take any Premium or other Reward for such Policy or Policies, every such Policy and Policies of Ailurnnce of or upon any such Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandizes, shall be ipso fadio void, and all and every Sum and Sums so 1'igned or underwritten in such Policy or Policies shall he forfeited, and shall and may be recovered, to wit. One Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of such Person or Persons as will inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action, Suit or Information, no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed: And if any Corporation or Body Politic, or Penalty for Persons acting in such Society or Partnership, as aforesaid, other than the two Corporations intended to be, end!r'sit*f'r'cr established by this Act, or one of them, shall presume to lend, nr agree to lend, or advance, by themselves, 0" or any others on their Behalf, after the said four and twentieth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, any Money by way of Bottomry, as aforesaid, contrary to t is Act, the Bond or other Security for the same shall be ipso fatlo void, and such Agreement shall be adjudged to be an usurious Contract, and the Offenders therein if all suffer as in Cases of ltury: Nevertheless it is intended and hereby declared.

That any private or particular Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to write or underwrite any Policies, or.!?ut V phrate

1 for

Jovpoi ations

Body pole, as aforesaid;

Vow.

ipon the Account or Kifque ot f erlons acting anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

R r

XIII

306 C 18.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

forging the Common Seal of the corpo r.stions, or any Policy, C Felony.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit the Common Seal of either of the said Corporations to be erected and established pursuant to this Act, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter any Policy, Bill, Bond or Obligation, under the Common Seal of either of the same Corporations, or shall offer to dispose of or pay away any such forged, counterfeit or altered Policy, Bill, Bond or Obligation, knowing the same to be luc'n, or shall demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of or from such of the same Corporations as shall be mentioned or referred to therein, or any of their Officers, knowing such Policy, Bill, Bond or Obligation, to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud the same Corporation, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; every such Person or Persons so offending, and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be guilty of Felony, and I after as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

None may oe

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be Governor, C capable of being elected a Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, or Director of either of the Corot both the Cor. intended to be erected and en

porations at the same Time,

or purchase Stock in both Corporations.

ub governor,

established in pursuance of this Act, during the Time that he shall

[Penalty.]

On three Years Notice at any Time within 31 Years, on Payment of the 300,000l. the Corporations may be determined by Parliament.

see a Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, or Director of the other Corporation intended to be erected and established in pursuance of this Act; and that every Person who shall be elcted a Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, or Director of either of the Corporations intended to be erected and established in pursuance of this Act shall, during the Time he shall be such Governor, sub governor de puty governor or Director, be incapable of being chosen a Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, or Director of the other Corporation intended to be erected and established in pursuance of this Act; and if any Governor, sub governor, deputy governor or Director, or Member of either of the Corporations intended to be erected and established in pursuance of this Act, having any Share in the capital Stock of that Corporation, shall in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trust for such Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, Director or Member, purchase any Share in the capital Stock of the other Corporation intended to be erected and established in pursuance of this Act, that then and in every such Case, the Share so purchased shall be forfeited; the one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as will inform or sue for the same, and to be recovered in the Manner before mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon three Years public Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, at any Time within or during the Term of thirty-one Years, to be reckoned from the Date or respective Dates of the two Charters or Indentures intended to pass under the Great Seal of Great Britain, as aforesaid, and upon Payment by Parliament to the said respective Corporations of the said respective Sums of three hundred thousand Pounds, and three hundred thousand Pounds, which shall have been advanced to his Majesty's Use, as aforesaid, without any Interest or consideration for the Forbearance thereof, then and not till then the said respective Corporations, and all the Powers, Privileges, Benefits and Advantages to be granted to them respectively, in pursuance of this Act, shall eeafe, determine and become void; anything contained in this Actor to be contained in the said Charters or Indentures, or either, of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the said London Gazette., and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

After; X Years,

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That if at any Time after the Expiration of the said if the Corpora term of thirty-one Years, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall judge the farther Continuance of in°coavenlcunts"d t*le two Corporations to be hurtful or inconvenient to the Public, then and from thenceforth it hismaiefij and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, by any Letters' Patents under

determine them, the Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke and make void the same Corporations, and all the Powers, / Privileges, Benefits and Advantages to be granted to them respectively, as aforesaid, and thereupon the same shall determine and become void accordingly, without any Inquisition, Scire facias, or other Matter or Thing to make void or determine the same; anything contained in this Actj or to, be contained in the said Charters or Indentures, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Nevertheless it is intended and hereby declared and enacted, That in case the said Corporations shall be redeemed upon such Notice and Payment, within the said Term of thirty-one Years, or be revoked by such Letters Patents, as aforesaid, after the said Term of thirty-one Years, the same Corporations, or any Corporation or Corporations, with like Powers, Privileges, Benefits and Advantages, shall net be grantable again to any Persons or Corporations whatsoever, but shall remain, sup prefifed for ever, as having been found inconvenient and prejudicial to the Publick.

XVIII. And whereas it is notorious, that several Undertakings or Projects of different Kinds, have,

at sometime or Times since the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, been publicly contrived and practised, or attempted to be practised, within the city.of' 4 London and other Parts of this Kingdom, as also in h eland, and other his Majesty's Dominions, which manifestly tend to the common Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenienoe of great Numbers of your Majesty's Subjects in their Trade or Commerce, and other their a stairs; and the Persons who eonr

trivet

No other like

Corporations

fcruntp.bls.

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgi 1 Regis.'C 18. 307

trive or attempt such dangerous and mifthievous Undertakings or Projects, under falle Pretences of publick Good, do prclumc, according to their own Devices and Schemes, to open Peeks for public Sub ' feriptions, and draw in many unwary lcrfons to subscribe therein towards raising great. Sums of Money,

whereupon the Subscribers or Claimants under them do pay final 1 Proportions, thereof, and such Fro ' portions in the whole do amount to very large Sums; which dangerous and mischieveus Undertakings or Projects do relate to several Fisheries, and other Affairs, wherein the Trade, Commerce, and Welfare of your majesty's Subjects, or great Numbers of them, are concerned or interested: whereas in many Cases the said Undertakers or Subscribers have, since the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, presumed to ndt as if they were Corporate Bodies, and have pretended to make their Shares in Stocks transferable or assignable, without any legal Authority, either by Act of Parliament, or by any Charter from the Crown for so doing; and in some Cases the Under takers or Subscribers, since the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, have added or pretended to act undt r some Charter or Charters formerly granted by the Crown for some particular or special Purposes therein expressed, but have used or endeavoured to use the same Charters for raising joint Stocks, and for making Transfers or Alignments, or pretended Trans fers or Assignments for their own private Lucre, which were never intended or designed by the same Charters rel pedlively; and in some Cases the Undertakers or Subscribers, since the said four and twen tieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, have added under some obsolete Charter or Charters, although the same, became void or voidable by Nonufer or Abuser, or for want of making lawful Elections, which were necessary for the Continuance thereof; and many other unwarrantable Practises (too many to enumerate) have been, and daily are and may hereafter be contrived, let on foot,

or proceeded upon, to the Ruin and Beftrudlion of many of your majesty's good Subjects, if a timely Remedy be not provided: And whereas it is become absolutely necessary, That all public Undertak ings and Attempts, tending to the common Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenience of your majesty's 4 Subjects in general, or great Numbers of them, in their Trade, Commerce, or other lawful Affairs, be effectually suppressed and restrained for the future, by suitable and adequate Punishments for that Purpose to be ascertained and established Nov for suppressing such mischievous and dangerous Undertakings a^!cr fj|k and Attempts, and preventing the like for the future, May it please your moult Excellent Majesty, at the <-

humble Suit of the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ir, g to tlievti; that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by Authority of this present Parliament, That from and after thejudice of Trade, four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, all and every the Undertakings and Attempts described, as aforesaid, and all other public Undertakings and Attempts, tending to the common Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenience of his Majesty's Subjects, or great Numbers of them, in their Trade, Commerce, or other lawful Affairs, and all public Subscriptions, Receipts, Payments, "j1 Sub assignments, Transfers, pretended Alignments and Transfers, and all other Matters and Tilings whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing or proceeding in any such Undertaking or Attempt, and more parle 0> ticularly the acting or presuming to act as a Corporate Body or Bodies, the raising or pretending to raise0r presuming to transferable Stock or Stocks, the transferring or pretending to transfer or assign any Share or Shares eft as Corporaie in such Stock or Stocks, without legal Authority, either by Act of Parliament, or by any Charter Indies without from the Crown, to warrant such adding as a Body Corporate, or to raise such transferable Stock or ?: i amll0rlty>

Stocks, or to transfer Shares therein, and all ailing or pretending to ail under any Charter, formerly

granted from the Crown, for particular or special Purposes therein expressed, by Persons who do or hall use or endeavour to use the same Charters, for raising a Capital Stock, or for making Transfers or Alignments, or pretended Transfers or Assignments of such Stock, not intended or designed by such Charter to, be raised or transferred, and all ailing or pretending to ail under any obsolete Charter become void or

voidable by Nonufer or Abuser, or for want of making lawful Elections, which were necessary to continue charters C

the Corporation thereby intended, shall fas to all or any such Aits, Matters and Things, as shall be ailed, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon, after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty) for ever be deemed to be illegal and void, and shall not be prailifed or in illegal and vctd. any wife put in execution.

NIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and All such under twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, all such unlawful Undertakings and atcjr, ej tempts, so tending to the common Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenience of his Majesty's Subjects, or rraunc^c u great Number of them, in their Trade, Commerce or other lawful Affairs, and the making or taking of any Subscriptions for that Purpose, the receiving or paying of any Money upon such Subscriptions, the making or accepting of any Alignment or Transfer, or pretended Alignment or Transfer, of any Share or Shares upon any such Subscription, and ali and every other Matter and Thing whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing, or proceeding in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt, and more particularly the presuming or pretending to act as a Corporate Body, or to raise a transferable Stock or Stocks, cr to make Transfers or Assignments of any Share or Shares therein, without such legal Authority, as aforesaid, and all adding or pretending to add under any Charter formerly granted from the Crown for any particular or special Purposes therein expressed, by Persons making or endeavouring to make use of such narter for arm such other Purpose not thereby intended, and al! adding or pretending to add under any such obsolete Charter as is before described, and every of them (as to ail or any such Adds, Matters or Things as shall be so added, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon, after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty) ihadl be deemed to be a public Nuisance

Rr 3i and

C 18,

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

shall incur a 'r enuinire,

16 R. 2. C 5,

How Merchants or Traders may have their re j7v: dy aijainst the Undertakers.

Penalty on Broktrri buying or selling any Shares in such Undertakings.

Naf to extend to Undertakings settled before 24 June x71s

Nor to prejudice the two Corporations hereby erected

Or the South Spa Company

Not to retrain tnc carrying on ot' any home or foreign Trade in l'arr*».erfiiip.

south-sea and isaft indiacom panies may advance Money on Irottomry to their Captains, C

and Nufances, and the same, and all Causes, Matters and Things relating thereto, and every of them, shall for ever hereafter be examined, heard, tried and determined as common Nufances are to te examined, heard, tried and determined by or according to the Laws of this Realm; and all Offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Information or Indictment, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Edinburgh, or in Dublin, shall be liable to such Fines, Penalties and punishments, whereunto Persons convicted for common and public Nufances are, by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, subject ad liable; and moreover shall incur and sustain any further Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as were ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Pramunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or Trader, at any Time after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall fuifer any particular Damage in his, her or their Trade, Commerce, or other lawful Affairs, by Occasion or Means of any Undertaking or Attempt, Matter or Thing, by this Act declared to be unlawful, as aforesaid, and wiil sue to be relieved therein, then and in every such Case, fuel Merchant or Trader shall and may have his and their Remedy for the same by an Action or Actions to be grounded upon this Statute, against the Persons, Societies or Partnerships, or any of them, who contrary to this Act shall be engaged or interested in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt; and every such Action and Actiom shall be heard and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record aforesaid, wherein no Essoin, protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in every such Action the Plaintiff shall or may recover treble Damages with full Costs of Suit.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Broker or Person acting as a Broker for himself, or in Behalf of any others, at any Time or Times after the said four and tv/entieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall bargain, fell, buy or purchase, or eontraft or agree for the bargaining, selling, buying or purchasing of any Share or Interest in any of the Undertakings by this Act declared to be unlawful, or in any Stock or pretended Stock of such Undertakers, that then and in every such Case, every such Broker or Person acting as such, shall not only be disabled and rendered incapable to be or aft as a Broker for the future, but shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, to wit. One Moiety thereof to the Use of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's said Courts of Record, as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Undertakings, or other Matters or Things settled, established, or practised in point of Time before the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, but that the same, and every of them, shall be of such or the like Force, Effect or Validity, and 110 other, as they respectively would be of in ease this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further intended, declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any of the Clauses, Matters or Things in this Act contained, shall not extend, or be construed to hinder his Majesty from erecting or establishing the two Corporations intended by this Act to be erected and established, as is abovementioned, or either of them, otto prejudice those two Corporations, or either of them (when erected) in the Exercise or Enjoying of the Powers, Privileges, Benefits or Advantages intended to be granted to them respectively, by such respective Charters or Indentures as are abovementioned in that Behalf, subject nevertheless to such Powers of Redemption or Revocation as are above in this Act prescribed for that Purpose; anything ill this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That anything in this Act contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend to hinder or deprive the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or their successors, from having and enjoying, of all and every or any such Powers, Privileges, Benefits, Profits, Properties, Matters and Things, as do or shall belong to them, or which they could or might enjoy, in any Manner of wise whatsoever, if this Act had not been made (except as to Insurance upon Ships and Merchandise at Sea or going to Sea;,) anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise not with standing.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend to prohibit or restrain the carrying on of any home or foreign Trade in Partnership, in such Manner as hath been hitherto usually, and may be legally done according to the Laws of this Realm now in Force, excepting only as to the insuring of Ships and Goods or Merchandizes at Sea, or going to Sea, and lending Money. upon Bottomry; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, and for the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the east irjies, and they and either of them have respectively hereby Liberty, at any Time or Times hereafter, to advance or lend on the Bottom of any Ship or vessel, Ships or Vessels, and on Goods and Merchandizes on board any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels of the said respective Companies, or that is, are or shall be employed in the Service of the said Companies respectively, to any Captains or Commanders, Agents, Sailors or Servants,

ec

Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

u

2 r.

or other Person or Persons, which shall at any time#or Times be employed in the Service of ti. rc spective Companies, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by way of Bottomry; any L hing in.

Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in ti y Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to any Corporation formerly created for the < arrying' on a Trade, which they have publicly continued to exercise from the Time of their Establiliunent; or to 'rv.' \ any Subscriptions made or to be made for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of, crip r. j Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery (by or by Order of the General Court, or Court of Directors of the same Company) ( r to any'v1'

Receipts made out and given, or to be made out or given, in respect of such Subscriptions, but that all "

such Subscriptions made and to be made, shall be firm and valid, and all Receipts made out and given, or ro be made out or given, concerning the same, shall be assignable at Law by Lndorfement made or to be made thereon; anything in this or in any other Act, or any Law, Usage or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, That anything in this Act contained shall not extend, cr be construed tosalf fr ras. extend to hinder or deprive the Corporation of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the eaj} indies, from having and enjoying all and every such Poweis, Privileges, Fran chi ft s, Benefits, rklcsc "

Ma ters and Things, as do or shall belongto them, or which they could or might enjoy in any manner of wife if this Act: had not been made; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Governor, sub governor, de cpjnl rs puty governor, Director or Member of either of the Corporations intended to be erected and established [vndcwl'"ry in pursuance of this Act shall, upon the Account of the said Corporations, or either of them, hereby |, ut on c^'di: of intended to be established, at any Time or Times advance or lend to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Acts of p., rtu any Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Loan or Anticipation, on any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches, ment.

Fund or Funds of the Revenues now granted or belonging, or hereafter to be granted or belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefi ors, other than such Fund or Funds, Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the said Revenue only, on which a Credit of Loan is or shall be granted by Parliament, That then the said'

Governor, sub governor, deputy governor, Director, or other Members of the said Corporations, or either of them, who shall consent, agree to, or approve of the advancing or lending to his Majesty, his.

Heirs or Successors, such Sum or Sums of Money, as aforesaid, and each and every of them, so agreeing, oonfenting or approving, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble Penalty, the Value of every such Sum or Sums of Money solent, whereof one fifth Part shall be to the Informer, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law, efl oin, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance, and the Residue to be disposed of towards pub - Fmtlxr pm i uck Uses as shall be directed by Parliament, and not otherwise. suns amen ng

jlffurarcs 7 clo>

5. C 27. $.gco. 1. C 15. 11 Geo. I. C 30. 19 G C 37. 21 Geo. 2. c. 4. 25 Geo. C 26-.

e a p. XIX

20.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

3r0 C 19,

Cap. XIX

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols; and also an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for eftahlifljing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Ships of War and Forces by Sea.

jo Artn. C 14.. 5 J. T WHEREAS in an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act 2> ' for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein jnentionect, for the preventing of Mischiefs which

i may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting of Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the returning of Jurors, there is a Clause 6 relating to the building and repairing County Gaols, which by Experience has been found^ery useful So much of the ' am' beneficial to the Public, and will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliamentlie it recited AO asl therefore enacted by the King's rr.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords relates to County Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Gaols, made same, That so much of the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the

perpetual. building and repairing County Gaols, shall be and is hereby made perpetual.

39ft. C 17. '

II. And whereas Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders and Persons charged with small Offences,

7 see. 1. C 4. C

are for such Offences, or for want of Sureties, to be committed to the County Gaol, it being adjudged, ' that by Lav the Justices of the Peace cannot commit them to any other Prison for safe Custody, which Justices of Peace by Experience hath been found to be very prejudicial and expensive be it enacted by the Authority utoa"aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace within their respective ju the Common rifdidions, to commit such Vagrants and other Criminals, Offenders, Person and Persons, either to the

Gaol or House Common Gaol or House of Correction, as they in their Judgement shall think proper; any Law, Custom

ot Correction. or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

See farther 14 Geo. 2. c. 33.

The Act of u

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ad made in the eleventh and twelfth & is w. 3. C 7. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual made perpetual. S fprejftme of Piracy, shall be and is hereby made perpetual.

"Persons in the sea service, who shall commit any of the Crimes mentioned in 13 Car. 2. Stat. r. C 9. "upon the Shore in foreign Parts, shall be tried and punished as if they had been committed on the main "Sea." Rep. 22 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing the Acts formerly made for repairing the rlighways in the County of Hertford therein mentioned, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

PR.

Repealed in Part After Nov. 4, 1722, the Tolls by the Ad 15 Car. 2. CC i. to be taken at Wadesmill, shall be continued,

cx2 and' 'n Manner as by the recited Acts, for 15 Years; and the Money to be applied to repair the Highways

E XV in the County of Hertford. But on an Adjudication at the Assizes or Sessions that the Ways are in good

Repair, the Toll shall cease. The Officers, C empowered by the former Acts, shall from Nov, a, 1722, have the like Powers by virtue of this Act: And all Clauses, C shall be continued.

3

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. 21.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excile, Customs, stamp duties, poll office, and house money.

WHEREAS several Persons in carrying or managing their refbective Trades, Manufudlures or Fer famr on Dealings do frequently contrive and commit great Frauds, Deceits and Abuses, which daily increase, and apparently tend not only to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenues and public In - carry & but also to the Discouragement of all fair Traders, Manufacturers and Dealers, and the Dif 24.. 1. ce.y. credit of Goods of the Growth, Product and Manufacture of Great Britain in foreign Parts, and parti C n. if 17 cularly many Persons. in several Parts of this Kingdom of Great Britain, who make Malt In order to ex gy C 4- 22 port the same to Parts beyond the Seas (to the intent that they may obtain greater Drawbacks and al (r lowances upon the Exportation thereof than were intended by Law to be granted for the same) do in they'., ., making of such Malt increase the Quantity thereof in Bulk and Measure much beyond what the same (j M. fff, z. Malt was when gauged and charged with the Duties chargeable thereon by the Olticers for the faiil Duties r '°. 4 WON <-? Mai, when such Malt was in the Cistern or Uting Vat, or upon the Couch, by watering or wetting. /. 5

the said Malt, whilst the same is working upon the Floor; and by those and other undue Practises /{/ ' £ g causing the said Malt not only to run out and grow at that End of the Grain from which the Root tie. 3, f. ig.' IO proceeds, hut also to sprout, run out and grow at the other End of the Grain from which the Blade r'". 3. C 21. 12 proceeds, which aft mentioned sprouting, running out and growing at the End from which the Blade 3- C 11 & proceeds, is commonly called and known by the Name of Acrefpiring, and is not only a great Prejudice to the Malt so made, hut increases the same much in Bulk and Measure, to the great dil paragement ofr. g) \ the Trade of British Malt in Parts beyond the Seas, and Icfiening of his Majesty's revenues for Re 7. 10 Am. C nedy whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent 19 ©"6 12 of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by au thu^ndtiie thority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred following sk and twenty no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale or Exportation shall cause or permit any Barley, or other tion repealed

of forfeiting for every Bushel of Malt which hall he found to have been steeped, wetted or watered con fer to wet his; trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this af, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence. R E P. b.viey on the

Floor, &c. but

in his Cittern duly entered, on Forfeiture of 2 s. 6 d. per Buflid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and twenty no such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale or Exportation hall cause or permit any Corn or Grain, by him, her or them making into Malt, to be worked or made in such Manner that the same hall acrefpire (that is to say) run out, grow or sprout at that End of the Corn or Grain from which the Blade proceeds: And in case any such Maltster or Maker of Malt hull make or work his Corn cr Grain making into Malt in such Manner that the respective Supervisors or Officers for the said Duties of the Division or Place, or any of them, where such Corn or Grain Aral] be making or working, hall suspect the same, or some Part thereof, to be acrefpired, as aforesaid, then and in such Case it may be lawful for such Supervisor or Supervisors, Officer or Officers, or any of them, to take out of any particular Part of the Floor of such wetting of Corn or Grain so making into Malt, as he or they shall lb suspect to be acrefpired, so much thereof as he or they can conveniently take up with one Hand at one Time, and to examine the same to see if it be be acrefpired, as aforesaid, or not; and in case upon Examination thereof it shall appear that more than one Part in fifteen of such Corn or Grain, so t.iken up by the Hand, is acrefpired, as aforesaid, the entire Wetting of Malt, whereof such Corn or Grain so taken up by the Hand was Part, shall he deemed, taken and charged as acrefpired Malt, and the Maltster or Maker thereof shall be charged with the full Duty of sixpence per Bushel for every Bushel of Malt of that wetting, and shall not have any Allowance out of the same, for or in ryfpes: of its being charged upon the Floor, or elsewhere; shall also forfeit and lose for every Bushel of the said Malt, the further Sum of five Shillings; any A CL or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. REP.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Supervisor or Supervisors, Officer or Officers, who shall discover such acrefpired Corn or Grain making into Malt, as aforesaid, shall within the Space of eight and forty Flours next after the respective Time or Times when the same shall be discovered, give or leave Notice thereof m Writing with or for the respective malt fters or Makers of such Malt, or with some qr one of his, her or their respective Servants; on pain of forfeiting the Sum of forty Shillings for every Neglect of such Notice.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any unmaked Oats or Barley shall be found mixed with or amongst.'malt shipping.or hipped for Exportation, that then and in every such Case,

No Ma'ttter to permit his Corn to be acrefpired.

Officers may take an Handful out of the Floor to see if it be atiefpired.

Penalty on Maltster.

0/b«r< di/vn veiing, to gu e Notice rhetor 16 Mahiteic,

Bushel thereof, fork

amotrgit. viait snipping or imppeci ro is whb shall ship or cause or procure eit pkfmjl£'e "the Sum of five Shillings,

to be hipped such Malt so mixed, shall, for every

Y.

Forfeiture fer mixing uiirn.ilttcj. Oats or eaistv with a i..it 'nr Expoi ration, e. pa b'eoid.

31'2 C 2 I.

Anno sexto Georgii R

gis.

A.D.

1719.

An Officer to be appointed at the Ports for mea Turing Malt, and to fte it cleared.

V. And for preventing of Frauds in the hipping of Malt for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, and afterwards relanding the same: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

j 1 and twenty, it ball and may be law

the said

Excise for the Time beina

or the major

Exporter to give 4s Hours Notice before shipping Malt, on forfeiture of 5s. per Bushel. Concerning Malt, C C fee farther 9CO < 3* 32, Geo. 3. c. 4.

1 3 'Gee. 1. C 7.

2 Geo. '2. C 1.

Obstruction; Officer, loifeits 10l.

Corn forced together in the Ciflern to prevent rising, forfeits 2s. 6d, pgr bushel.

four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred still to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenues of Exci

Part of them respectively, from Time to Time, to constitut' and appoint one or more Officer or Officers in such of the Ports of this Kingdom where any Malt may, is or shall he hipped in order to be exported to Parts beyond the Sea?, with intent to obtain a Drawback or Bounty, not only to see and attend the measuring of all Malt which shall] be hipped or laid on board any Ship or Veiled for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, in such Port or Ports respectively, but also to continue on board such Ships or Vessels on which such Malt shall be laden or shipped, until the same shall be respectively cleared their respective Ports, in order to prevent the relanding thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons who, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June aforesaid shall! intend to ship any Malt for Exportation hall, by the Space of eight and forty Hours at least, before the beginning to ship or put on board any Ship or Veiled any Malt for Exportation, give or send to such Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, of the Port, or Place where such Malt shall be intended to be shipped or put on board, Notice in Writing of the par. Day, and of the precise Hour of such Day when such shipping or putting on board of such Malt is or shall be intended to be begun, on pain to forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Bushel of Malt which shall be shipped or put on hoard for Exportation, without such Notice so given or sent, as aforesaid.

S Geo. 2. C X 15 Geo. 2. c. 1, 20 Geo. 2. c. 5, 27 Geo. 2. c. 2, 33 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 7. and Joe annual Malt sleh.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the four and twentieth

Day of June aforesaid, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall oppose, molest, hinder or obstruct any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers, by this or any other Act or Acts relating to the Duties of Excise, every such Person or Persons so doing, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds.

VIII. And for the more effectual preventing the forcing together of Corn, ileeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Alalt, whereby the rising and swelling of such Corn being prevented and

hundred, his Majesty is thereby very much defrauded of and in his Duty upon malt be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the four and twentieth Day of June aforesaid, any Corn in any Cistern or Uting Vat, steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) is or shall! be found so hard, close and compact, as it could not be, unless the same had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof, every Maltster and Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) where the same shall be io sound shall, in every such Caff, forfeit and lose the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence per Bushel for every Bushel of such Corn, steeping or steeped, which shall be found so hard, close and compact, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed or enacted, for or on account of the Duty upon Malt, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tfe/imiti/hr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Pepalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them that shall inform or Cue for the same,

X. And whereas upon Appeals to the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their respective Quarter sessions, against original Judgments duly given by particular Justices of the Peace, upon Information duly exhibited before them for Offences committed contrary to the respective Acts relating to the respective Duties upon Malt, and to the Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Skins and Hides,

tanned, tawed and dressed, and upon Velloin and Parchment made in Great Britain, several such original Judgments have at such quarter sessions been reversed upon nice and critical Exceptions or Objections to the form or Forms of such Proceedings, without proceeding at such Quarter sessions to re examine and re hear the Truth and Merits of the or Fads in Question between the Parties to such Information and Informations, to the great Obitrudion of Justice in such Caies For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Intuit and Meaning of such Appeal and Appeals was and is, That upon such Appeal and Appeals in every and each respective Case, the Justices. at such Quarter sessions respectively, shall and do proceed to re hear, re examine, and reconsider the Truth and Merits of the fp.ci and Fads in question between the Parties to such original Judgement and Judgments respectively, and to re examine the Witnesses thereto up a Oath, and that thereupon the said Justices so assembled shall and do finally determine of and concerning the Truth and Merits of the and Fads in question between the Parties to such Judgement and Judgments respectively; and if at such Quarter sessions any Defect or Defects of Form shall be found in such Proceedings before the particular Justices who gave such original Judgement or Judgments, That then and in every such Case, such i Defect or Defects of Form shall and may be redified and amended by the Order or Orders of such, Justices so assembled at such Quarter sessions; anything herein, or in any other 'act or A, ds contained'1 to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Cenceniinvyxjlice* of Peace j'ec farther 9 Geo. J C 7- 5 gee.z. r. 18.

XI. And I

Penalties, how to be sued for.

On Appeals to the Quarter sessions, Justices to rehear upon tlvs Mur its,

and to reflify pefe&s of Form in particular just:

C 21.

XI. And whereas his Majesty's Revenues hot!) of Customs and Excise are much lefllned by the clan All D: n; ir,

deiline Importation of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters into this Kingdom of Great &<' mu t 4 Britain, from Parts beyond the Seas, without Payment of any of the Duties by Law chargeable on the

lame, and the fair Dealers in the said Commodities much prejudiced in their Trade therein: 'For Remedy me

whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the first Day of August one thousand. &<. >1.. ncvr* seven hundred anil twenty, all dihillers, Makers or Sclleis of or Dealers in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong excise ofhce.by Waters or Spirits, cither British or Foreign, either by Wholefalt or Retail, shall make true and particular aiig.1720. Entry in Writing of ail ware houses, store houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places, by C

him, her or them respectively made life of for the keeping of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Wa u tors, cither British or Foreign, for Sale, at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such efpeclive ware houses, Store houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, vaults, and other Places, shall be situated, and also of all Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, British and Foreign, which at the Time of making of such respective Entries, shall be in such ware houses, store houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars,

Vaults, and other Places, and every of them respectively, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such ware house, store house, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, which, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall he so made use of by any such Distiller, Maker, Seller or Dealer respectively, without making such Entry thereof, as aforesaid, together with the Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, which shall be found therein, and also the Casks and Vessels whatsoever containing the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every other Person or Persons, After 1 Au. who after the said fit A Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty shall beco: i e Distillers. Ma 1'2°- l!1 r, 1, er kers or Sellers of, or Dealers in any such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong waters, flrall, before

lie, flic or they take any such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, into his, her or their Cu c to ^, ajic ftotly or possession, make the like particular Entry in Writing of the several anil respective ware houses, like Entry. store houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places, intended by him, her or them respectively to be made use of for the keeping of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, either British or Foreign, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such ware house, store house, Room,

Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, so to be made use of by such last mentioned Distiller, Maker, Seller or Dealer respectively, without making such Entry, as aforesaid, together with the Brandy, Arrack, Rum,

Spirits and Strong Waters, which shall be found therein, and also the Casks and Vessels whatsoever containing the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of tc0 Brandy to see August one thousand seven hundred and twenty no Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, either broughtinto British or Foreign, shall be brought into such ware house, store house, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or ftch ware other Place made use of by any Distiller, Maker or Seller of or Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong

Waters or Spirits, without first giving Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place in C on^oif d*which such ware house, store house, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place in which such Brandy, carrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters are intended to be lodged, and producing to the said Officer, and leaving with him an authentic Certificate, that the Duties charged or chargeable upon all the said Brandy,

Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters so intended to be brought in as aforesaid, have been actually paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of the Stock of some Importer, Distiller,

Maker or Seller of or Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, of which an Account has been taken pursuant to this Add, and expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, and at what Port or Place the said Duties were so paid, or the Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters condemned as aforesaid, or of whose Stock the same was Part, on Pain of forfeiting the Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters so brought in without such Notice or Certificate as aforesaid, together with the Casks and Vessels whatsoever containing the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Officers may en August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, It shall and may he lawful for the Officers of his Majesty's ter Warehouse?, Revenues of Excise, or any of them, from Time to Time and at all Times, by Day and by Night (and

if in the nighttime, in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and an Accounted every the said ware houses, store houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other Places made use of by the Brandy, C any Distillers, Makers or Sellers of or Dealers in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters for keeping the same, and by tailing, gauging or otherwise to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all such of the said Liquors, as shall at any Time be in their or any of their Custody; and if any such obstructing of distiller, Maker or Seller of or Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters shall hinder or ficers> forfeits refuse the said Officer or Officers to enter into his, her or their said ware houses, store houses, Rooms, So,

Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places, or any of them, to take such Account as aforesaid, or shall let, hinder or obstrinsi the said Officer or Officers in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities by this act given to him or them, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and Jose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Anno Brandy, e.

gtji one thousand seven hundred and twenty no Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, either to be sod ut 'n Britisi) or Foreign, shall be sold, uttered or exposed to Sale, either by Wholesale or Retail, but when the 0"

same shall be in some or one of the faij ware houses, store houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or, osa Gallon, other Places so entered as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of forty Shillings for every Gallon of Farther Provi brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters as shall be so sold, uttered or exposed to Sale in any sins relating other Place or Places than those entered as aforesaid and in that Proportion for any greater or lesser Quan heretoiigco. 1.

tity. C 3q.fest. J.

Vol. V Sf XVI. And

14- C 21.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

Officer to give the Srller Certificates of the Quantity of Brandy sold, C and that the Duty has been paidj C

No Brandy, C exceeding a Gallon, to be removed without a Permit.

Who shall be deemed Sellers of Brandy.

Penalties how to be sued for, caster

1 Aug.

3 7 "Oj how Brandy seized shall be sued for and condemned.

Farther Provisions relating "hereto, 8 Geo. I C 18. fed. 17*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of au g/ji one thousand seven hundred and twenty, where any such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters as aforesaid shall afterwards be sold in the said entered Places, or any of them, in great or finall Quantities, the Officer or Officers of Excise of the respective Divisions or Places where the same shall be so sold, shall be obliged, and are h reby required from Time to Time, upon the Request of the Seller or Sellers thereof (without See or Reward) to give to the respective Buyers thereof Certificates in Writing signed by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantities so sold, and the Name and Names of the respective Buyers and Sellers thereof, and that the Duty of such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters so sold has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of such Stock as aforesaid, to satisry the Officer or Officers of the Excise of the respective Divisions to which the same is intended to be carried, that the Duty thereof has been paid, or that the same had been so condemned, or was Part of such Stock, that the seizing thereof may thereby be prevented.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty no Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, exceeding the Quantity of one Gallon, shall be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom to another, by Land or by Water, without such Permit or Certificate from some or one of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, signifying and certifying the Quality and Quantity thereof, and that his Majesty's Duties chargeable thereon have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the same had been condemned, or was Part of such Stock as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting the Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters which shall be found carrying from one Place to another without such Permit or Certificate, together with the Casks and Vessels whatsoever containing the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall have in his, her or their Custody any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, exceeding the Quantity of sixty three Gallons, shall be deemed and taken to be a Seller of and Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, and subject to the Survey of his Majesty's Officers of Excise.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act given for or on Account of any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, Strong Waters or Sweets herein after mentioned shall and may be sued for, recovered and levied or mitigated by the same Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise can or may be sued for, recovered and levied or mitigated; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture (the reasonable Charges of suing for, recovering and levying thereof being firlf deducted) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize, inform or sue for the same.

XX. And whereas the clandestine Importation of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters from Parts beyond the Seas into this Kingdom of Great Britain, is of late become more frequent than formerly; and his Majesty's Officers, who ought and do frequently seize such Liquors so clandestinely imported, are under great discouragements.il) the Performance of their Duty therein, in the Trouble and Expense they are forced to be at in procuring the same to be condemned in his Majesty's Court of exchequer, or other of his Majesty's Courts: 'For Remedy whereof, It is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, where any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, British or Foreign, shall be seized as forfeited by Virtue or in Pursuance of this present Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to his Majesty's ' Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, by any of his Majesty's Officers of the said Revenues, or either of them, all such Seizures (except in every Case where the Seizure shall be made for unlawful Importation, and the whole Quantity of the Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, at any one Time for that Cause seized, doth exceed sixty three Gallons) shall and may, in a summary Way, be proceeded upon, heard, examined into and determined in the Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, in case such Seizures (except before excepted) shall happen to be made in any Place or Places within the immediate Limits of the chief Excise office in London, the same shall and may, in a summary Way, be proceeded upon, heard, examined into and determined by the commissioner of the Excise for the Time being, or the major Part of them; and in case such Seizure (except before excepted) shall happen to be made in any Place or Places out of the said immediate Limits of the said chief Office of Excise in London, then and in such Case the same shall and may, in a summary Way, be proceeded upon and examined into, heard, adjudged and determined by and before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Seizure or Seizures shall be made; which said Commissioners and Justices of the Peace respectively, within their respective jurisdictions, shall be and are hereby authorised and empowered to cause the respective Person or Persons, in whole Custody such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters so to be seized as aforesaid were found at the Time of the Seizure thereof, to be summoned to appear before them at a certain Time and Place to be prefixed by the said Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace respectively, who are hereby fully authorised, empowered and required, upon the Appearance or Default of such Person or Persons so to be summoned, to examine into the Cause of such Seizure or Seizures, and thereupon to proceed to give Judgement for the Condemnation of such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters so seized (except before excepted.) as upon due Examination shall be found to be forfeited by Virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, together with the Calks and other Vessels whatsoever containing the same, and to issue out their Warrants for the Sale of such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits of Strong Waters, as shall be so by them respectively condemned, and of the Calks and other Vessels whatsoever containing the same; and such their respective Judgments shall be and die hereby declared to be taken and adjudged to be good, valid and efi cftual in the Law, and final to all Intents and purposes

315

C 2 r.

whatsoever, an] not liable to any Appeal, or to be removed by any Writ or Writs of Certiorari; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof in alsy wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority af where any such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters as aforesaid, CX

dy, C sit fattier S Ota. X

1 Co.

2 Ga.

6 On.

7 Ota.9 Geo.

IO

>7'

2g.

2S'

26 Geo. 2. c. 13

27 Geo. 2. C II

31 Geo. 2. ct 36.

32 Geo. 2. c. 29.

33 Geo. 2. c. 9

aforesaid, That in all Cases When ninety, (except before excepted) shall isfcizjd, no be seized as forfeited, and no Person or Persons, within twenty Days next after such Seizure, shall appear cb.mm* to the Officer or Officers who made such Seizure to claim the same, then and in such Case, if such Seizure J, )3crcnh'ov^to or Seizures shall happen to be made within the immediate Limits of the chief Excise office in London, it plfc ct to judge shall and may he lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall make such Seizure or Seizures, from and af ment and con ter the Expiration of the said twenty Days next after such respective Seizure or Seizures, to cause Notice in dtmnwlon. Writing, to be signed by his Majesty's Solicitor for the Revenue of Excise for the Time being, to be af Cw, 'WJ": Ca fixed at the Royal Exchange, signifying the Day and the Time of the Day that the Commissioners of the Excise for the Time being, or the major Part of them, will proceed to hear the Matter of such Seizure or C if. 1 Seizures, and to the Condemnation of the Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters so seized as ir so aforesaid, and of the Cades and other Vessels containing the same; and if such Seizure or Seizures of such 2- C 2? brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters as aforesaid (except before excepted) shall happen to be fc' '7' made, as aforesaid, out of the immediate Limits of the said chief Excise office in London, It shall and may 7. X 2*! be lawful for the Officers who shall make such Seizure or Seizures, from and after the Expiration of twen Geo. 2. C ty Days next after such respective Seizure or Seizures, to cause public Notice to be given by Proclamation nc. 2. t. at the next Market town to the Place or Places where such respective Seizure or Seizures shall be made as 15 O 2^aforesaid, upon the next Market day after the Expiration of the said twenty Days, of the Day and Place L cv°', 2. o 17. when and where the Justices of the Peace will proceed to hear the Matter of such Seizure or Seizures, and, g Geo. 2. c. 12. to the Condemnation of such Brandies, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters so seized as aforesaid; in 2og«.2. c. 39. which said Cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace4 Geo. 2. c. 40, respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, to proceed to examine into the Cause of such Seizure or Southeast izures, and to give Judgement for the Condemnation of such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters so seized, as upon due Examination shall appear to be forfeited, and of the Casks and other Vessels containing the same; which Judgments shall he good, valid and effectual in the Law, and final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the respective Owner or Owners of the same Brandy, Arrack, Rum,

Spirits or other Strong Waters, or the respective Person or Persons in whose Custody the same was at the respective Time or Times of the seizure or Seizures thereof, had been respectively summoned to attend the said Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace respectively, in the Manner herein before preferred, and shall not be liable to any Appeal, or to be removed by Certiorari; anything in this present No Certiorari, Act contained, or any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXXII. And whereas Makers of Sweets for Sale, when they have Occasion to lend or deliver Sweets to f Vintners and other their Customers, do from Time to Time draw and take the same from their Stock casks of Sweets, containing greater Quantities than the Quantities so sent or delivered, and having so done, do im mediately make Quantities of new Sweets equal and answerable to such Quantities so sent or delivered, and do then put in or mix such new Sweets to and with the remaining Part and Parts of such their Stock and Stocks of old Sweets; all which being frequently done and performed without the leaf): Privity or know ledge of the Officers of Excise, who should make Charges of the Duties for and in respect of such new Sweets so made as aforesaid, they the said Officers of Excise, for want of Discovery and due Notice there C of, neither do or can make such Charges, whereby his Majesty is very much defrauded of and in his Duties upon Sweets For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty any Sweets made in Great Britain for h Sale, for which the Duties shall or have been duly paid, or have been duly charged by the proper Officer or the duvesnot to Officers of Excise, are or shall he intended to be sent or removed from one Place to another, the Officer of be remov'd with excise of the Place from whence such Sweets are so be sent or removed shall, upon Request, and without outccit.ficate, See or Reward, give Certificates underlie Hand, expressing therein the Quantity and Qualities of such Sweets c so to be sent or removed, and the Name and Names of the Person and Persons from whom and to whom such Sweets are so to be sent; and if from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and Makers of twenty any Maker or Makers of Sweets for Sale shall send or remove, or shall cause to be sent or removed, Sweets finding any such Sweets from one Place to another, or if any Vintner or Vintners hall receive or take into his, her or °cucj; n 'sweets their Custody or Poffiession any such Sweets without such Certificate or Certificates, that then and in every such without Ceriifi" Case, as well every such Maker and Makers of Sweets for Sale, as a!so every such Vintner and Vintners, cate, forfeit 10s. shall respectively forfeit and lote the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Sweets which shall be met per Gallon, and with or found so sending or removing, or sent or removed, or which shall be so received or taken in; and t|'«jsweetsand also that all such Sweets, which from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and L "! £' twenty shall be found or met with sending, carrying or removing, or so sent, carried or removed from one Place to another, without such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, and the Casks and Vessels containing the same, shall he forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; one Moiety thereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to be to the Use of him or them that shall seize the same; and that every Seizure and Seizures of such Sweets, and of the Seizures and for casks and Vessels containing the same, which shall or may be made by Virtue or in Pursuance of this Act, features, howto and also every other Forfeiture and Forfeitures, which from and after the said firffi Day of August one thou be proceeded sand seven hundred and twenty shall or may be made by Virtue or in Pursuance of any Act or Acts what upon' foerer relating to the Duties of Excise, or to any other Duty or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, examined into, adjudged an 1 determined by Ex ia nej r, the same Ways and Means, and in the same Manner and Form, as is and are herein and hereby prescribed, utionto Appeals directed or appointed to be done upon Seizures of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, not by: Geo. 2'. exceeding as aforesaid; and that such Proceedings thereon shall not be liable to any Appeal or Appeals, or Siat. 2. C 16.

After 1 Aug. 1720, Sweets

i C 21. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

No Certiorari,

to be removed by Certiorari; anything in this present at contained; or any Law, Statute or Provision to

cmc.ninr the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Stent, f«far xxiii. And be it further eiv.ufted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Information and in tbjriscee.i. formations. Complaint and Complaints, and other Proceedings whatsoever, as well before such Commis V 7'3, .3i honers of Excise as aforesaid, as also before Justices of the Peace respectively, by Virtue or in Pursuance of al!inform.nions this or any other at or Acts whatsoever relating to the Duties of Excise, or to any other Duty or Duties ami Proceedings whatsoever under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are and were intended to be, and shall relating to the ancj may be entered and enrolled in the English longue; any Law, Statute or Provision whatsoever to the con estife may be (rary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

"ofiri in the"

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of inglirti Tongue. August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, if upon Trial or Trials of or in any Information, Action, la Trials rela Suit or Prosecution whatsoever relating to his Majesty's Duties of Customs and Excise, or to either of them, ting to Excise or or to any other his Duties whatsoever, or to any Seizure or Seizures, penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Cuiioms, C if Forfeitures, relating to the fairs Duties or any of them, or if upon any Trial or Trials of or in any Action, que(lions arise Suit or Prosecution whatsoever against any Person or Persons, for anything done by Virtue or in Pursuance of any Actor Adds of Parliament relating to the said Duties, any or either of them, any Question or que office"8or any ftions shall be made, or any Doubt or Doubts, Dispute or Disputes, shall arise or happen, touching or con one's being an cerning the keeping of any Office or Offices of Excise in any City or Cities, Town or Towns, or touching Officer, what or concerning any one or more Defendants being an Officer or Officers of or for the said Duues, any or either Proof is requi of them, that in every such Case and Cases Proof shall and may be made, or Evidence given, either of the f>ce' actual keeping of such Office or Offices of Excise in such City or Cities, Town or Towns, or of such one

or more Defendants actually exercising of and being employed and entrusted in such Office or Offices reinforced by spectively, before and at the respective Time and Times when the Matter or Matters in Question upon n Geo. 1. c. 30. such Trial or Trials shall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted, or neglected to have been fest. 31, done or performed, without producing any particular Person or Persons to prove the Names of the particular

and respective Commissioners to any Commissions in the respective Cases before mentioned, any or either of them, to be of their own handwriting; that in every such Case and Cases respectively such Proof and Evidence shall be deemed and taken to be legal and sufficient Evidence, unless or until by other Evidence the contrary shall or do appear.

Planters of Hops

XXV. And for the better securing the Duties upon Hops, Be it further enndted by the Authority afore to give Notice of That from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the respective P'anters or Owners of Hops to grow in Great Britain, before they respectively shall or do begin to bag or to weighing Hops, weigh his, her or their Hops, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall respectively give or send Notice in Writing ij Jinn. C iz.'under his, her or their Hands to the next Officer of Excise, or to the proper Officer for the said Duty, of feel. zz. the particular Day, and of the precise Hour of such Day, as well of his, her or their beginning to bag, as

also of his, her or their beginning to weigh such their respective Hops, and every Part and Parts thereof,

2.4 Hours Notice which Notice, as well as to such bagging, as also to such weighing of such Hops, as shall be either bagged bwcintar or we geed in the first Week of each respective Planters or Owners bagging and weighing, or either of them,

Weighing in shall be given or sent at leaf! twenty-four Hours before the particular Time and Times, when as well every

the first Week, such bagging, as also every such weighing, shall respectively begin; and such Notice as aforesaid, as well and 48 Horns as to every other bagging, as also as to every other weighing, of such Hops as shall not be bagged and for every other weighed in such first wea, shall likewise be given or left by the Space of at least forty-eight Hours, as Pafn'o/' well before every such other bagging, as also before every such other weighing shall respectively begin; and if after such Notice given, he, she or they shall not proceed to bag and weigh, or to bag or weigh according to each respective Notice, that then and in every such Case he, she or they, before he, fly or they shall at any other Time or Times begin to bag nd weigh, or to bag or weigh his, her or their Hops, or any

Part or Parts thereof, shall give or send the like Notice as aforesaid; is to say, twenty-four Hours Notice

of such bagging and weighing, or either of them, in such first Week, and forty-eight Hours Notice, as well of every such other bagging, as also of every such other weighing, or either of them respectively, under the Pain of forfeiting and Iofing the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Neglect and Default of every such no tice or Notices, as aforesaid, in either of the respective Cases before mentioned. tota7s°t0ps

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of weights'ja'nd one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the respective Planters and Owners of Hops to grow in i

Scales, con Great Britain, shall respectively provide, and keep at his, her and their respective Oufts, store houses, and Penalty of 201. Places of keeping his, her or their Hops, sufficient and just Scales and Weights for weighing his, her or their Hops; and shall permit the Officers to make use thereof for the weighing of such Hops, and shall! in the weighing of his, her or their Hops, make use of, or cause, procure, or suffer to be used any false Weight or Weights, under the Penalty of forfeiting and Iofing the Sum of twenty Pounds, for not having and keeping sufficient and just Scales and Weights, or for not permitting the Officer in such weighing, or for using, causing, procuring or fuitering to be used in such weighing his, her or their Hops, any false Weight or Weights.

Hops maybe '

XXVII. And whereas for the better Preservation of Hops, it is thought convenient for the Owners or

pat into Case. < Planters thereof to be at Liberty to put the same into Casks instead of Bags Be it therefore provided and farther 6 Geo enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred 2. CII fe 6. an(l twenty, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owners or Planters of Hops, if they shall think fit, (which is made to put the said Hops into Casks; Owner or Owners, Planter or Planters first giving the like Notice of^penial l>y 3i the Time that lie, she or they intend to weigh, and put the said Hops into Casks, as he, she or they are by Geo. 2. c. 42) Law required to give of the bagging of Hops respectively; in case any Owner or Owners, Planter or 7 to, 1. C 19. pjantersj shall put any Hops into Casks without such Notice, then he, she or they shall be liable to the L k.e

Penal, ice,

317

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. c. 21.

Penalties, as such Owner or Owners, Planter or Planters twould have been liable unto, in case such Hops fu ut into Calks, had been bagged without Inch Notice.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of Excise, and others officersofexcifc pointed by the Commissioners of that Revenue, Hi all in like Manner attend and be present at the putting (ill's

lops into Calks and Barrels, as he is by Law required to be at the bagging of Hops; and shall cause every Lto ctfts, fafk or Barrel, into which Hops shall be put, to be weighed, and the Weight of each Cad; to be plainly ./ a 1 tier ftt'i/i nd dillindlly marked on such Calk respectively; and shall likewise cause the Weight of the Hops contained ff' r in such Calk to be plainly and distinctly marked on each Calk respectively; shall cause an Entry of the Ex "il 11 Ces [Weight of such Hops to be made in his Book (the Weight of such Calk or Barrel being abated) and shall (, e |iiake the like Report to the Commissioners of that Revenue, and leave a like Copy with the Owner or, CI o'.z'c. 1*6. Planter of such Hops, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as in case such Hops had been put 19 Gn. 2. t. 3 Into Bags; and the Owner or Owners, Planter or Planters of such Hops Dial], within six Months after the 2. .6.

putting flops into Calks or Barrels, pay and clear off the Duties on Hops so calked or barrelled, under the 'V7*

Like Penalty as if the same had been bagged. 1 Cm.'

XXIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled. An act against clan Geci C "f

define Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, eftr. 2. /. 4.

any Ship, Vessel or Boat of the Burden of fifteen Tonnes or under, wherein any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, 13 £7 >4^;. 2.

j1 Strong Waters, or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into r 1 > =5 crlr j' any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek thereof (except only for the Use of the Seamen then on board, not E M nff 'j' exceeding one Gallon for each such Seaman) such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture and 7 4 10.

i' Apparel, or the Value thereof, is forfeited and loss, and shall and may b' seized, recovered, broke up and f 5 ik & m. j' sold, as therein mentioned: And whereas to elude the Penalty of the said Law, many ill disposed Persons <. 3 & 15. l' do now carry on a clandestine Trade, by importing these Goods in Ships and Vessels above fifteen Tonne \

(For the Prevention thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any foreign Brandy, Arrack, ^Au

Ruin, Strong Waters, or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, shall, from and after thefirftday of August one brain(jvus*c thousand seven hundred and twenty, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Pert, Harbour, to be imported Haven or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, of the Burden of thirty Tonnes or under (except only in any ship left for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not exceeding one >|lan Tonne Gallon for each such Seaman) every "such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture and Ap f07b' % fg°o<i'<i parel, as also all such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters or Spirits, or the Value thereof, shall be for fefu i feited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and shall and may be prose penalt ctited by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protetftion or Wager of Law shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety Afcer Southeast; in)re to the Seizor or Prosecutor; Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. an, i Condemna

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the Seizure and Condemnation of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, tion, Ship to be the same shall be entirely broke up, and publicly sold to the bell Advantage, together with the Tackle, broke up and Furniture and Apparel thereto belonging, and the Produce thereof divided in like Manner as the Ships, C

Vessels and Boats, under fifteen Tonnes, are to be broke up, sold, and the Produce thereof divided by Virtue m"acv |, e of the saidadlof the last Session of Parliament. is Geo. i.c!2g.

XXXI. And whereas by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, a Remedy was provided among!?: feit. 14.

other Things to prevent the Running of Brandy from Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes pr j Geo. i. c. iu under, which lie hovering on the Coast within the Limits of the Ports of this Kingdom, and the Exportation of Wool: And whereas such Ships or Vessels, to elude the Intent of that Law, do lie at Anchor, or hover on the Coasts as near to the said Limits as may be, whereby the Mailers of such Ships or Vessels have better Opportunities of making their Signals to the Exporters of Wool, and the Runners of un

customed and prohibited Goods, to draw down to the sea side (as they frequently do in great Numbers of armed Men) and of Running the Goods on Shore, and carrying off the Wool and Coin of this Kingdom in their Boats, which make more frequent Trips to and from the Shore than they could do, if such Ships

or Vessels were obliged to lie at a greater Distance from the Shore Be it therefore enacted by the Autho Ships under 50 rity aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Augitfl one thousand seven hundred and twenty, where any Ship or Vessel of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under, being in Part or fully laden with Brandy, Leagues of the shall be found at Anchor or hovering within two Leagues from the Shore, and not proceeding on her Voy Shore, age. Wind and Weather permitting, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commander of any of his Commanders or majesty's Ships of War, Frigots or armed Sloops, appointed for the Guard of the Coifts, or to and for officer the Commander of any Yacht, Smack, Sloop, or other Boat or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty's Cu ofrh^costoms Horns, or to and for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, to compel the Mailer or other Person having the nlav comp._i Charge of such Ship or Vessel, to come into Port: And it is hereby declared, That such Mailer or other Master to come Person, as aforesaid, as likewise such Ship or Vessel, and the Brandy wherewith such Shipor Vessel is laden, into Port, iu. in Part or in the Whole, shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Cargoes, Ships and Vessels, and the Mailers or others taking Charge thereof, which hover within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, are by the said Act subject unto; anything the rein, or in any other Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. n.

XXXII. And forasmuch as such illegal Importations and Exportations cannot be carried or) by such gi'.injv

Sh: p.s. or Vessels, if the Mailers or Commanders thereof do take due Care to prevent the same: 'Be it, )r llncu dom'cd further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day. of August one thousand Goods to be put seven hundred and twenty, if the Mailer, Purler, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or vtefiel, out of Ins Ship, shall suffer any Brandy, or other uncustomed or prohibited Goods, to be put out of the said Ship or Vessel" " Wool, C to into any Hoy, Lighter, Boat or Bottom, to be laid on Land, or shall suffer nv Wool, Wool fells, Most tpelthorelb. rid lings, Shortlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool flocks, Fulkrs earth, fuiiing ciay, or Tobacco pipe clay, turnterftn.iticj,

8 C 2l.

Annos sexto Georgii Regis.

A.

1719

/]; '.]I fufter six Months irrprl fonment.

The Rule to me a fare the Contents of the

to be laden or taken In front the Shore, to be put on hoard such Ship or Vessel, to be carried to Parts be yond the Seas, he or they so offending, being convicted thereof, shall, besides the Penalties and for feitures to which they veil! be liable by any Law now in Being, buffer six Months 'Imprisonment withou Bail or mair.prize.

XXXIII. And for the preventing Disputes that may arise concerning the Admeasurement of Ships lade: with Brandy and other Spirits as aforesaid, or Ships hovering on the Coast: it further enacted by th tonnae of »uch Authority aforesaid, That the following Rule shall be observed therein, that is to say, Take the Length ships.c 1^the Keel within board, (so much as she treads on the Ground) and the Breadth within board by the Midship Beam, from Plank to Plank, and Half the Breadth for the Depth, then multiply the Length by the Breadth and that Product by the Depth, and divide the Whole by ninety four, the Quotient will give the true Con tents of the Tonnage, according to which Rule, the Tonnage of all such Ships and Vessels shall be mea sured and ascertained; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Eight or more

XXXIV. And whereas the Punishment already inflicted by Law on such who shall forcibly hinder ofh hindnng, cers of the Customs in the due Performance of their Duty, has proved insufficient Be it therefore enable: cfficersl^i Exe' by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred am cution of their twenty, if any Officer or Officers of the Customs be forcibly hundred, wounded, or beaten in thedueexe

office, to be cution of their Office, by any Persons armed with Club, or any Manner of Weapon tumultuously affem

transported. bled in the Day or Night, to the Number of eight or more Persons, all and every Person or Persons so for

cibly hindering, wounding or beating the said Officer or Officers, or such as shall act in their Aid or Assistance, being convicted thereof, ill all, by Order of the Court, before whom such Offender or Offenders ihal be convicted, be transported to some of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, for such Tern as the Court shall think fit, not exceeding seven Years, in the same Manner as by an Act made in thefourtl Geo. 1. c. 11. Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, or other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates, the Offenders therein mentioned are to be transported to thi said Colonies and Plantations.

Returning into

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Offender or Offenders shall returi Great Britain or into Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of the said Term, contrary to the Intent and Meaning Ireland, Felony. hereof, he or they f0 returning, shall suffer as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them as Person: attainted of Felony, without»benefit of Clergy.

Confiaion dif

XXXVI. Provided nevertheless, That if any such Offender shall within two Months after such his Of covering two of fence, and before his.jconviction, discover two or more of his Accomplices therein to the Commissioners 0 his Accomplices the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, so as they, or two of them at least, be convicted of fuc! vhhin two Offence, the Offender so discovering shall have and receive the Sum of forty Pounds for every Offender ft Ivionths, to have Jifcovered and convicted, as a Reward for such his Discovery, and shall be clearly acquitted and dischargee aiacuukted'. of such his Offence.

Other Persons I XX

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Aw discovering in gust one thousand seven hundred and twenty, if any other Person or Persons shall, within three Months aft three Months to such Offence shall have been committed, discover to the said Commissioners respectively any Person or per have 1. over fons who shall have been guilty of such Offence, so as such Offender or Offenders be convicted thereof otherrew*"^Oifcoverer or Discoverers shall have and receive the like Reward of forty Pounds for every such Of

1l^fender so discovered and convicted, over and above any other Reward and Recompense which he or the;

may be entitled unto on Account of the Goods so carried or conveyed away, which shall be recovered b; Means of such his or their Discovery, or on Account of the Penalty which shall be recovered for the run ning the said Goods.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Custom. ill England or Scotland, shall cause the severed Rewards of forty Pounds for the Discovery of the Offender: before mentioned, to be paid by the respective receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs for the Tims being, oat of any public Money in his Hands under the Management of the said Commissioners, upon producing to them a Certificate or Certificates under the Hand of the Judge or Justice of the Court before whon the Cause shall be tried certifying the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders; and the Money so paie by any receiver-general, as aforesaid, shall be accepted of and allowed in his Accounts, as so much paie to his Majesty, and he is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

e XXXIX. And whereas prohibited and customable Goods found by Officers of his Majesty's Customs ir the Custody of Persons in Boats on the Water, or coming directly from the water side, to wit, the customable Goods on Suspicion they were unshipped without Payment of Duty, and the prohibited Good for being imported contrary to Law, and such Goods being also found in other Places, upon Informs; ' tion that they were clandestinely run, are in like Manner stopped until the Persons in whose Custody the I ' same are found, or the Owners of such Goods, shall apply to the Commissioners of the Customs, or tc 6 the Collector of the Port where such Goods are stopped respectively, that the said Goods, may be discharged in case there be no just Cause to detain the same; nevertheless the Owners of the Goods, instead of making such Application, do sue the Officers for more than the Value thereof, to their great Charge and Discou! 4 ragement in the Execution of their Duty: And whereas there is good Reason to believe, that many ill 1 ' disposed Persons do put themselves purposely in the Way of Officers with such Goods in their Custody. ' that others, by the Directions of the Owners, do falsely or deceitfully inform the Officers that the Good! ' were run, to the Intent such Officers should seize the same, in order to sue the Officers, and thereby tin Owners get excessive Prices for their Goods, and the Officers are deterred from making Seizures, whereb.'

the clandestine running of Goods is greatly encouraged Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, if prohibited

01

To be paid by the Cashier of the Customs

Prohibited or citftonvibie Goods in any

D. 1719.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. 2 1.

319

customable Goods shall be found by any Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Custody of any Per Boat, fcc. or in n or Persons, being in a Bark, Iloy, Lighter, Barge, Boat or Wherry on the Water, or coming directly any Houfr, cam the water side, without the Presence of an Officer, or if such Goods shall, upon the Information of 0(seer 'ray le or more credible Person or Persons, be found in any House, Shop, Cellar, ware house, Room, or f j^tha e her Place, on a Search there made in such Manner as in and by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of liriiaime/n'e.

Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating, C 14 Car, z'. bull's in his Majesty's Customs, is mentioned and directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer cu.

Officers to ibop and put the said Goods in his Majesty's ware house in the Port next to the Place where ch Stop shall be made, there to remain until the Claimer or Claimers thereof shall make Proof by Oath, otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Customs, if such Stop all be made within the Ports of London or Edinburgh respectively, that the Duties of the customable roods have been paid, orl ecuredto be paid, or that the same had been bought in a lawful way of Trade, ml that he, she or they so claiming the said Goods, do verily believe the Duties thereof to have been paid, r secured to be paid, or that the said Goods had been compounded for, or condemned in his Majesty's Court of ixchequer at Westminster or Edinburgh, or been otherwise delivered by Writ of that Court respectively, and that le prohibited Goods had been compounded for, or condemned, or otherwise delivered, as aforesaid, in which bile such Goods shall and maybe delivered without Delay or Charge: And if such Goods shall be stopped in ny other of the Ports within this Kingdom, the Claimer or Claimers thereof shall and may make the like Proof a the like Purpose, as aforesaid, and deliver the same to the Collector, or in his Absence, to one of the other rincipal Officers of the Customs in the Port where such Stop shall be made, which Proof shall, without ufs of Time, be transmitted to the said Commissioners respectively, for their Directions touching the rmme iate Delivery of such Goods, without Charge to the Claimer or Claimers, or for the seizing and prosecuting f the same, as the said Commissioners shall feecause.

XL Provided, such Proof be made within ten Days after the Goods shall have been so Hopped, in Sail Prooftobem ive whereof the same shall and may be seized, and prosecuted in such Manner as by the several and respective° ua.ss?'fter aws now in Force against the Importation of prohibited or uncustomed Goods, is provided, the Forfeiture btopr f such Goods after Condemnation, shall be to and for such Uses, and according to such Proportions or Shares, sare therein and thereby respectively mentioned and difrributed.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Prosecution where no Ap Proof to lie on dication hath been made to the Commissioners or Officers aforesaid, and not otherwise, the Property of the the Claimer. joods, shall be claimed by any Person or Persons, and if any Question, Dispute or Doubt shall arise, whe her the Duties thereof were paid or secured, or that the said Goods had been compounded for, or condemned,

r otherwise delivered by Writ out of the Court of Exchequer, or bought in a lawful Way of Trade, the .'roof shall be incumbent on such Claimer or Claimers, and not on the Seizor or Prosecutor; if there If Verdict pass jpon a Verdict shall pass for such Claimer or Claimers, or if the Officer or Officers shall become nonsuit, for the Claimer, ar forbear Prosecution, or discontinue the same, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given he f13'1, hay against the Officer or Officers, then and in any of the said Cases, the Claimer or Claimers shall, over and otsuk.c ° S above the Recovery of his, her or their Goods, or the Value thereof, have reasonable Costs of Suit, for infurccd by which he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded, which said Costs of iz Geo. ic. is. Suit shall be reckoned and esteemed as a full Satisfaction for the said Claimer or Claimers Damages occasior.ed feis 8>

V the Detention and Seizure of the said Goods.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Claimer or if the Claimer Claimers of such Goods so stopped, as aforesaid, shall make Proof either by Oath before any Justice of the lnal "Proof of Peace, or other Person empowered to administer the same, or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the commissioner for managing his Majesty's Customs respectively, or Officers of the Customs, as aforesaid, in rcc"eived vany 2 Manner before directed and appointed, so as to induce the respective Commissioners to order the Delivery Damage, the of the Goods so stopped; if the Owner or Owners, Claimer or Claimers of such Goods, shall receive Goods to be de any Damage by Means of such Stop; then and in such Case the Owner or Owners, Claimer or Claimers llvereii> and of the said Goods, shall and may receive such Goods by Virtue of such Order, without any Charge or he may'ue'&c' Delay; and it shall and may never theless be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners, Claimer or Claimers, to bring his, her or their Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, who shall stop his, her or their Goods, for such reasonable Damages, which he, she or they shall or may have sustained by Means of the said Goods being so stopped or detained, as aforesaid; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it declared to be the true Intent and Meaning hereof, That if the OF Offi-ers may ficer or Officers who shall stop such Goods, or any other Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall be de ^khfta'nd?^ lirous to seize and prosecute the same, notwithstanding any Directions of the Commissioners of the Cuf the Directions toms for the Delivery of the said Goods respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer of the commis or Officers to seize and prosecute the same in such Manner as by the several and respective Laws of the sioners. Customs now in Force such Goods may be seized and prosecuted, in every of which Cases the Officer or Officers so prosecuting shall be liable, and he or they are hereby declared liable to be sued 'by the Owner or Owners of the said Goods for the Recovery of the same, or the Value thereof, with full Costs of Suit; or if the said Commissioners shall not order the Delivery of the said Goods so stopped, than and in ° ma>'the such Case, the Owner and Owners, Claimer or Claimers of such Goods, shall and may nevertheless sue vvners' for the Recovery of such Goods, together with Costs and Damages, according to the usual Course of Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, orin the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as he or they might have done before the passing of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid the several Offences in this Act Ounces rela iientioned, relating to the Customs, or other Duties upon Importation or Exportation, or to uncustomed '^7

s

C 21

320

and how to be trie').

See farther 7 G'0. 1. CI feil. iz.

3 1^4. Ann. C 4.

S Ann. C 7. fest. 13.

In every Licence for.importing Nutmegs, C the Quantify and Place of Landing to be expressed, C Repealed as to the Licence for, Tea by 7 Geo. 1. Stat, 1. C 21. fest. 1 a.

Licence to be delivered up at entering the Ship Lnfoicerl by?, Geo. 1. c. 18. fel 21.

Spki s in Hags < r I'm all Parcels, etc. forfeited. Concerning apices Jcsfarther 8 Geo. 1. c. 15.jc$. 15, 8 Geo. 1. C is. fesl. 21.

3 Ann. C 13.

An Allowance of 2 percent, to be made for Tobacco exported to Ireland for vaste.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis.' A.D. 1719.

or prohibited Goods (except as in this Act is otherwise provided) shall and may be heard, tried and determined by Bill, Piaiilt or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no eitoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be alloyed.

XLV. And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon Low tfines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pic iures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, and upon Muffins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the aid Commodities, and also upon Callico, China ware and Drugs, It is enabled, That any Person or Persons may import into this Kingdom, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace and Tea, subject to the several Duties payable for the same, from any Parts beyond the Seas, in britiji) Ships, navigated as therein mentioned, and so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs of the Quantity and Quality of the said Spices and Tea so intended to be imported, and the Place to which they intend to import the lame, and taking a Licence under the hands of the said Commissioners for the time being for the Landing and importing thereof as aforesaid: whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, It is enacted,

That Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves and mace, may be imported into Great Britain, subject to the several Duties payable for the same, from any Parts beyond the Seas, in British Ships, navigated as therein mentioned, the Importer thereof first giving Notice to the said Commissioners of the Quantity and Quality of the said Spices, and the Place into which he intends to import the same, and taking a Licence under the Hands of the said Commissioners for the importing thereof, which Importation is to be continued during the Continuance of the said respective Acts, which are still in Force: And whereas many ill disposed XX having taken out Licences for great Quantities of the said Spices and Tea, do import the same at several Times in small Parcels, with Intent secretly to land the same as Opportunity shall offer; but if the said Spices or Tea are found by the Officers of the Customs on board the Ship, the Importers to prevent the Seizures thereof, do produce their Licences, and pretend that those Spices or Tea are Part of the quantities mentioned in the said_licences, whereby there is good Reason to suspect that great Frauds are frequently committed, to the lessening of his Majesty's Revenue, and Prejudice to the fair Merchant: ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Licence to be granted from and after the firs Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, in Pursuance of the said Acts, and during their Continuance, for the importing of Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace and Tea, shall be expressed the Quantity and Quality of the said Spices and Tea, and the Place or Port into which the same are intended to be imported; and that if any greater Quantity of the said Spices or Tea shall be imparted, than what is expressed in the said Licence, the same so imported shall be deemed to be imported without a Licence; and such Licence shall and may he granted without any Fee or Reward by the Commissioners or chief Managers of the Customs for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or by the Customer or collect or and Controller of the Port into which the said Spices and Tea are to be imported, so as that all Nutmegs, Cloves, Mace and Cinnamon, to be imported into this Kingdom by Virtue of such Licence, from any Place or Places beyond the Seas, other than directly from the Raft Indies, be not in any other Package than in Calks or Bales; which Cases or Bales shall contain the Quantity hereafter mentioned, that is to say, each Calk of Nutmegs, Cloves or Mace to weigh neat three hundred Pounds Weight, or upwards, each Bale of Cinnamon to weigh neat seventy Pounds Weight, or upwards.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Licence so taken out for Spice and Tea as aforesaid shall be delivered to the Merchant demanding the same; which Licence shall he produced and delivered up by the Mailer, Pur er or other Person taking Charge of the Ship wherein such Spice or Tea shall be imported, with the Name of the Ship and Matter, together with the Marks and Numbers of each Calk, Bale or Parcel, and the Quantity and Quality of such Spice or Tea endorsed on the Back thereof, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port into which the same shall be imported, at the Time of his or their entering the Ship; any Law, Custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And whereas such Spices are frequently imported in Bags and other small Parcels packed in Hogsheads, Casks, Bales or other Package, in order to run the same clandestinely Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Spices abovementioned shall be found on board any Ship or Vessel in Bags or other small Parcels packed in Hogsheads, Casks or Bales, the same shall be forfeited; one Moiety whereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XLVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament of the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne made, (amongst other Things) for better preventing Frauds in Drawbacks, it was enacted, That no Debenture should be paid or allowed for any iobacco exported from any Port of Great Britain to the Kingdom of Ireland, until a Certificate should be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor of the Customs of any Port in Ireland, or any two of them, where such Goods should be landed, testifying the Landing thereof (the Danger of the Seas or Enemies excepted): And whereas it frequently happens, that Tobacco imported into this Kingdom, and afterwards shipped again for Ireland, doth in the Carriage thither waste and decrease in Weight, but as the Law now Hands no more Drawback can be allowed, than for the Quantity of Tobacco particularly speeifted in the said Certificates returned from Ireland: 'Now for the Encouragement of all fair Traders that shall send Tobacco, for Ireland, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, upon producing such Certificates as aforesaid under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor of the Customs of any Port in Ireland, or any two of them, where such Tobacco shall be landed, testifying the Landing thereof in that Kingdom, at any Time or Times after the first Day of August one thousand

Anno sexto Georgii Regis

C

2t.

21

[thousand seven hundred and twenty, in case there shall appear to be any Difference in Weight between;

(the Quantity ('petrified in such Certificate, and the Quantity entered and hipped for Exportation thither, so (that the Quantity landed in Ireland shall be less than the Quantity so entered and hipped for that Kingdom, in all and every such Case and Cases an Allowance shall be made to the Merchant Exporter on the Duties to be drawn back of all such Tobacco so hipped and exported to Ireland, in Confnleration of the Waste which may happen (if any be) in the Voyage between Great Britain and Ireland, so as such Allowance do not in any Case exceed two per Centum, any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And whereas it is found by Experience, That great Quantities of Tobacco are clandestinely run Tolacco exparc into Ireland after the cutting and exporting the same from Great Britain for other foreign Parts, and the fur f '

Exporters have entitled themselves to Debentures for the Drawbacks in this Kingdom in Prejudice of his 'it

Parts, landed in Ireland, forfeited

1 Majesty's Revenues and to the Discouragement of fair i raders Be it further enacted by the Authority and double the aforesaid, That if any Tobacco so entered out and exported hall afterwards be landed in Ireland, the same Drawback, See, and double the Drawback thereof shall be forfeited, and every Debenture for the Drawback thereof shall become void, as if the said Tobacco were relanded in any Part of Great Britain, which Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in which Prosecution no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, ncir any more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of which Forfeiture or Forfeitures to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that' will sue for the same as aforesaid.

L. And whereas the Exporters of Tobacco for any foreign Parts are now only obliged so (wear, that^j

the Tobacco slipped and certified is not landed, or intended to be relanded in any Part of Great Britain: adljed to the It is hereby enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty oaih of Export Ireland shall be added and included in the Oath before mentioned (except for such Tobacco as shall be re ers of Tobacco gularly hipped for Ireland) without which the Officers of the Customs shall not suffer the Debenture to '° fore, En rtt' pass; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. baaofcfarther

9<7ra. if. 21. 12 Geo. J. C 28. 21 Geo. 2. r. 2. 24 Geo. 2. c. 41. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

LI. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Bills of ex Anne, entitled. An act for establishing a General pofi ojfcefor all her Majesty's Dominions, and fir settling pc" a

a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; thee Postmaster General is authorised to demand, have, receive and take, for single Letters or Pieces of Paper, Letter, to be to and from the General Postoffice in London, to and from any Parts or Places of Great Britain, the rated as so many Kingdom of Ireland or other his Majesty's Dominions, certain Rates in the same Act mentioned for the distinct letters,

1 Port of every single Letter or Piece of Paper: And whereas Bills of Exchange are frequently Pent wrote9A, 1 ". C 10*

on one and the same Piece of Paper with a Letter, and also several Letters to several and aiftindt Persons are sent wrote upon one and the same Piece of Paper Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it was and is the Intent and Meaning of the same A CL That every such Bill and every such Letter ftiouid be rated, taxed and paid for. as so many several and distinct Letters, according to the Rates within the same Act mentioned and. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. hat the lame shall be accordingly rated, taxed, and paid for as so many several and distinct Letters, according to the Rates within the same Act mentioned.

LII. And whereas by the same Act it is amongst other Things provided, That all Merchants Accounts, Ann. C jc,

not exceeding one Sheet of Paper, and all Bills of Exchange, Invoices and Bills of Lading are and shall

thereby understood to be allowed without Rate in the Price of the Letter; And whereas some Doubts" ct3ag; sj|s q-f ' have been made touching the said clause.and proviso be it therefore enacted and declared by the Autho Exchange, in rity aforesaid, That it was and is, the Intent and Meaning of the Act last mentioned, 'and of these Presents, voices, C wrote that the said' Proviso and allowance.shall extend to such Merchants Accounts, Bills of Exchange, Invoices n one Sheet ot' and Bills of Lading only, as shall be lent to or from the said General Postoffice in London to or from any: '?ter

Part's or Places beyond the Seas, not within his Majesty's Dominions; and that all other Merchants Ac ^/fen tto so '* counts. Bills of Exchange, Invoices and Bills of Lading hull be rated, taxed and paid for as so many fe r£ign pans.' veral letteys, according to the Rates in the same Act mentioned, and the true Intent and Meaning of Farther pnviji these Presents /

'. pojiojfce 46v0. 2. C 33. 22 Geo. 2. C 25. z6 Geo. 2. c. 13.

LIII. And whereas many Under sheriffs, and other Persons acting as such, do make and deliver out Sheriffs, blank Warrants and other Warrants to Attorneys, Bailiffs and others, for the arresting and taking Persons w^anmhrar into Custody upon mean Process, without having any Writ or Writs or other legal Process in their Custody rea; ng persons to justify the same, whereby his Majesty's Duties are greatly left ened and his Subjects aggrieved For Re to Attorneys, C medy whereof. Be it enacted, That if any High Sheriff, Under Sheriff", or his or their Deputy or Depu bcibie they have ties, their Clerks or Agents, hall at any Time or Times after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty make or cause to be made or delivered out to any Person or Persons whatsoever, any^fi Warrant or Warrants, either blank or filled up in Part or in all, before they or some of them shall actually have in their Custody the respective Writs upon which such Warrants should and ought to issue, that then the several Persons so offending, and every of them, shall forfeit the Sum often Pounds for every such Offence.

[5 W. & M

LIV. And whereas by a Statute made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and by c. 21. icft.4.

another Statute made in the ninth Year of his said late Majesty King William the Third, for granting to & IO w.

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, it was C 25. fest.'4'j. C (inter alia) enacted, That from and after the Time and Times therein respectively expressed every Of

or Clerk belonging to the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, who should sign any Writ before Judgement to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, should, at the Signing thereof, set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of his Signing the same, under the Forfeiture of

3 22 C 21.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

Persons tearing oft' the Mark on t playing Cards, or t filing, ftjuaring, or new spotting any Dice which have been sold See. forfeit tol

30 Ann. C 19 fest, 162.

9 Ann. C

ten Pounds for every such Offence or Neglect: Therefore for the better preventing the Frauds aforesaid,

Svery Warrant Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Warrant to be made out or to issue upon any such to be made out Writ or Writs, shall have the same Day and Year plainly and distinctly set down thereon, as shall be so set havetheda^and lown on Writ itself, under the Forfeiture of ten Pounds for every such Neglect or Omission, to be paid Year set down by [hc Person who shall write, fill up or deliver out such Warrant; both which Penalties to be sued for, re thereon, on for covered and divided in such Manner as the other Penalties in the said recited Act of the ninth of King

future of 101. w11.1.1am are directed to be sued for, recovered and divided.,

LV. And whereas a Practice hath of late prevailed for Persons to cut out and tear off the Mark or Stamp upon the spotted or painted Side of playing Cards after such Cards have been sold, used or played with, and by passing on and affixing the same Stampsand Marks on other Cards, do frequently make one Mark or Stamp serve for two or three several Packs of Cards: And whereas the Seal and Stamp upon the outside Papers enclosing each Pack of Cards are frequently made use of again after they have been sold and disposed of, to enclose other Packs of playing Cards, by which fraudulent and unjust Practises his Majesty's Revenue is daily lessened and diminished For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the first Day of Augtiji one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall fraudulently cut, tear or get off any Mark or Stamp in respect whereof or

whereby any Duties are payable, or are denoted to be paid or payable to his Majesty on playing Cards, or shall file, square or new spot any Dice which have been sold or played with, or shall fraudulently enclose any Parcel or Pack of playing Cards in any outside Paper so sealed and stamped as aforesaid, the same having been once made use of for the Purpose aforesaid, or in case any Person or Persons shall hereafter sell or expose to Sale any playing Cards, the same not being, at the Time of such Selling or exposing to Sale, actually stamped on the spotted or painted Side, and also enclosed in Paper and Thread, sealed and stamped, as by the Act of the tenth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, which charges the said Duties, is directed; then, so often, and in every such Case, every Person so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no ef foin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted, nor more than one Imparlance; one Moiety whereof to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety to the Informer; and the Person recovering in such Action shall be allowed his full Costs.

LVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty

Anne, for licensfng and regulating Hackney coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; it was (inter alia) provided, That for every Piece of

Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should be engrossed or written any Licence for selling of Ale or Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, a Duty of one Shilling should be paid to

her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, during the Term of thirty-two Years: And whereas a Practice

obtained to take the usual Recognizances from Persons for whom Ale licences are intended for selling Ale and other exciseable Liquors, and to take a List of their Names, and the Fees for such Licences, but to

omit to make out or write the same, to avoid the Payment of the Stamp-duties given thereon, and to omit the Writing of other Matters charged with Stamp-duties fmee the making of the Act of Parliament of the first Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds

in her Majesty's Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paprr; and at other Times by Rafures and Inter lineations of such Ale licences, Policies of Insurance, and several other Matters and Things chargeable

with the Payment of the Stamp-duty, to make one Stamp serve for several Purposes Now for the Prevention of the said Frauds and Omissions and other like Frauds and Omissions, in relation to any of his Majesty's Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Stamp-duties, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mayors, Town clerks and other Persons whom it may concern, who shall take any such Recognizances, shall be obliged to make or cause to be made out

fore new Recog ale licences duly stamped before such Recognizances be taken, under the Penalty of ten Pounds nizar.ces be ta for every such Offence; and that all Pains, Penalties and Provisions given and laid on by this Act, and ken, on Penalty the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Punishment or Prevention of such Frauds and Omissions as are herein and therein mentioned and intended, relating to the Duties then in Being, " shall extend and he construed to extend to the like Frauds and Omissions relating to any of his Majesty's other Stamp-duties imposed or laid on at any Time since the making of the said last mentioned Act of the first Year of her said late majesty's Reign, and to be sued for, recovered and divided in such Manner as is directed by the said last mentioned Act.

LVII. And whereas by a Statute made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for Licensing and regulating Hackney coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, it was (inter alia) enacted, That the Makers of Cards and Dice, during the Term therein mentioned, should once in every twenty-eight Days

make true Entries upon Oath with the Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, or their Officers, of all the Cards and Dice by them respectively made; and should once in every six Weeks clear all the Duties owing for the same, under the Penalties therein mentioned: And whereas the respective Card makers do often make up Cards, the Duties on which amount to fifty Pounds and upwards per Week, and each Card'

Maker may make up treble that Quantity, if he shall think fit, whereby they have an Opportunity of be ing greatly in Arrear to his Majesty, and the said Duties are thereby often in Danger of being lost, in re guard the same Act hath made no Provision whatever for securing the said Duties, until the said six Weeks shall expire, be the Danger ever so apparent: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority

Cant Makers as aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Attgujl one thousand seven hundred and twenty every card entiing their Maker shall be obliged, at the respective Times of entering every Parcel or Quantity of playing Cards as Bond in a penal atorefr 'd? to enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Surety or Sureties,

Ann. Stat. 2.

Mayors, C hail make out Ale licences duly stamped be'

jo!.

1 Ann. Stat, 2.

9 Ann. C 23 I'cdj. 42.

0. 21.

Anno sexto Georgii Regis.

323

in a penal Sum of treble the Duties on such Cards, with condition thereunder written for the true Payment of his Majesty's Duties on such Cards within the Space of LX weeks next after the Date of every such Bond; anything contained in any Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Card maker shall, upon f.ntry of every t"\jan tity of playing Cards, pay down all the Duty payable for the same, the Commishoners for the stamptdu ties for the Time being shall, upon Payment of the said Duty, allow and pay to such Card maker such and the like Allowance as is to be allowed and paid to any Person or Persons for present Payment of the Stamp-duties, by an Act of the first Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majestys Duties upon jlarnpt Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners for the Time being for managing the Stamp-duties shall be informed, or have Cause to suspect, that any Person or Persons do make or cause to be made any playing Cards or Dice, in any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, without sending or giving Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners at their Plead Office, and Affidavit being made thereof by the Person or Persons so informing or giving Notice, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Cards or Dice shall be making or made, declaring the Grounds of his or their Knowledge or Suspicion, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers employed by or adding under the said Commissioners in the Management of the Duties on playing Cards and Dice, in the daytime, and in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace (who is hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein) by Warrant from such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Affidavit shall be made, to be di rcdled to such Officer or Officers as aforesaid (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required to grant) to break open the Door, or any Part of such House or Place where any such Cards or Dice are so, as aforesaid, suspected to be so made or making; and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize all such Cards, Dice, Tools or Materials with which they are made or making, that shall be then and there found, and to detain and keep the same in such House and Place as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and in case the same shall not within five Days next after such Seizure be claimed and replevied by the true and lawful Owners thereof, then the said Cards, Dice, Tools and other Materials shall be absolutely forfeited, and shall and may be sold by the Direction of the said Commissioners after the said five Days are expired; one Moiety of the Produce thereof fall necessary Charges being first deducted out of the Whole) to be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties who shall so discover the same.

LX. And for ascertaining a Doubt which hath arisen, whether a Person who causeth or procureth a ' Mark or Stamp to resemble any Mark or Stamp provided or used for the Duties aforesaid, or any of them, ' to be counterfeited or forged, ought to be adjudged a Felon by Virtue of the Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties, or any of them Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Mark provided, made or used, or to be provided, made or used, in Pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties, or any of them, or causing or procuring any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Cards or Dice to be marked or stamped with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, shall and ought to be adjudged to have actually done and committed the same himself, and to be a Felon, and to fufter Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Sum of treble the Dttfic: j, <0 jny widish Tit Week. Allowance fci* prompt Payment.

1 Ann. Sfat. 1* C 22.

On Affidavit of any private Place formakingcanix or Dice, Offi 'cri by Warrant may break open Doors, &: C

and seize all ths Cards and Dice, Tools, C

If not replevied in five Days, forfeited, C

11 Geo. X C 8. 12 Geo. 1.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 25.

9 Ann. C 23.

Procuring to be forged anystam^ relating to the Stamp Duties, Felony.

Concerning these Dunes see farther 1 Geo. 2. c. 3.

LXI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fevertth Year of the Reign of his said late Ma 7*8 V 3.

jesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates or Duties upon C ' Houses, for making good the Deficiencies of the clipped Moneys, several Duties upon Houses were granted for the Term therein mentioned; and by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Mas; Ann, C 4

jesty Queen Anne, several new Duties upon Houses having twenty Windows, or more, were granted ls rcpel, kd

for the Term therein mentioned; which several Duties by subsequent Acts have been severally continued 'cco"z./. 3*.°

and made perpetual, subject nevertheless to such Redemption as in the same Acts, or some of them, is expressed: whereas by the said Acts relating to the said Duties on Houses, or some of them, it is en

That at the End of every Year the Collectors for the next preceding Year shall cause Copies to be 7*8 w. 3.

made of the respective Assessments given to them, and at the Bottom thereof shall write or cause to be CI s8' 9'

written the Names of two or more of the most substantial Inhabitants, whom they in their Judgments

shall think fit, to be appointed Collectors of those Duties within the said Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Di ' visions or Places respectively, for the ensuing year; and the Justices of the Peace, a3 Commissioners, or any two or more of them, after perusing and examining such Assessments, and allowing the same, are to appoint two Persons named as aforesaid to be the Collectors for the Year ensuing; but it is found by Expe rience, That in some Places the Collectors do name insolvent Persons to succeed them, who run away and leave a Debt on the Parish or Place, which being answerable for the Collectors, is often vexed with Pro ' cess, without having any Power, as the Law now Hands, to raise the Arrears so incurred by a re aftefr mentfor Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Justfeesnf Peae*. first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty the said Justices of the Peace who are Commis n ayappointcol sioners for the said Duties, or any three or more of them, shall and may, within their respective Limits, .!fars of the appoint two such Persons as they shall! think able and responsible, to be Collectors within the said Parishes on

and Places, or any of them, of the said Duties on Houses, from Time to Time (whether their Names be or be not presented by the preceding Collectors, as aforesaid;,) in case there be or shall be any Arrear of if any arrear the said Duty on Houses, by reason of the Failure of any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, for jor^fimure^ru which any Parish or Place shall be answerable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more'j'^s maj' mske Justices of the Peace, being Commissioners for the said Duties on Houses, to cause such Arrear to be rca re a5efliaent;

n 2

4-

C 2 I.

Anno lex to Georgii

Regis. A.D.

719.

Sec zo Gen. z.

3 £? 4*

21 z. £ to-26 Gsp. 2i C 17:

Ships of 50 Tonnes hovering on the Coasts of Ireland

the Goods, See,

assessed within the said Parish or Place respectively, on all such Houses as are liable to Payment of the (hid Dufies on Houses; ard to cause the same to be raised, and (for Default of Payment) to be levied by such Ways and Means Js the Duties on Houses are to be raised and levied in such rarishes or Places respectively, and to cause the Money so raised or levied, to be paid to the receiver-general of the said Duties, or into the Exchequer, for the respective Uses and Purposes whereunto such Arrears (if they had been duly paid by the said Collectors) are appropriated and appointed by the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; any Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And whereas diverse Ships and vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under, laden with Tobacco, Brandy, Spirits and other custornable or prohibited Goods, pretending to be bound for foreign Parts,

do frequently lie hovering on the Coast of Ireland with Intention to run the same privately on shore, as Opportunity offers, to the great Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue and Ruin of fair Traders; and Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty ons or under do frequently lie hovering on that Coast to take in Wool not lawfully licensed to be brought to England, and other Staple Commodities of Ireland prohibited within2leagues to be exported For the better preventing whereof, Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, of the Shore, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, where any Ship or Officers may en vessel of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under, laden with custornable or prohibited Goods, shall be found at take^account of Anchor or hovering on the Coafi of Ireland within two leagues of the Shore, and not proceeding on her thelad ing^and Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of his take Security of majesty's Customs of that Kingdom to go on board every such Ship or vefte], and take an Account of the the Mailers in Lading, and to demand and take Security from the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or treble the Value Command of such Ship or vessel in that Voyage, by his own Bond by him to be entered into unto his ma bo irltfor°roon his e, rs an successors, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be treble the Value of such Goods

ceediiw regularly then on board, with Condition that such Ship or Vessel (as soon as Wind and Weather and the State and on their Voyage. Condition of such Ship or vessel doth permit) shall and will proceed regularly on such Voyage, and shall*' land, land such Goods (except Woo) lawfully licensed as aforesaid) in and at some foreign Port or Ports; in the Record.' and if such Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or vessel shall, j22 upon such Demand, refuse to enter into such Bond, or having entered into such Bond sit all not depart or pro mafiers refilling' ceed regularly on such Voyage (as soon as Wind and Weather and the State and Condition of such Ship or Bonds or not Vessel shall permit) unless otherwise suffered to make a longer Stay by the Collector (or other principal departing in 20 Officer in his Absence) of such Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, not exceeding twenty Days; then Days, officers an(j in ejt)ler of (; he fajj Cases, all the Goods soon tmard such Ship or vessel shall and may, by any of n ecure 3 ficer or Officers of the Customs, by Direction of the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such Ship or Vessel, and forthwith brought on shore and secured; and in case the said Goods are custornable, the Customs and other Duties shall be paid for the same; and as concerning' Wool or any prohibited Goods, or other Goods liable to Forfeiture, which may be found on board such Ships or Vessels at the Time of their unlading as aforesaid, the same are hereby declared to be subject to Forfeiture, and the Officers of the Customs shall and may prosecute the same, as also the Ship or vessel, in case she shall be liable to Condemnation.

LXIII. Provided always, That after such Goods are so taken out of such Ship or vessel, and brought oh shore, and secured by such Officer or Officers, such Bonds so to be given as aforesaid shall be void, and de '. iivered up without any Fee or Reward for taking or delivering up the same; and such Bond not being other e?" wk charged shall, on a proper Certificate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in to be vacotcdvn any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known british) or irish Merchants Certificate, upon the Place, that such Goods were there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Goods, were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, (the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland) shall be vacated and discharged.

Commissioners

LXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners or Sub commis, of Excise in Ire sioners of Excise respectively, in their respective Limits and Districts in Ireland., or the major Part of them, land to deter are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all Offences against any Clause or Article contained in this or any other Act of Parliament now in Force in Ireland, made for preventing the unlawful,

Wool flocks, Worsted, Bay or Woollen Yarn, Cloth serges, Shalloons or any other Drapery, Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures, made or mixed with Wool of Wool flocks, and manufactured in Ireland; which Commissioners or Sub of shall and may proceed in a summary Way, and give. Judgement or Sentence, and levy the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures thereupon, in such or the like Manner as they are enabled to proceed, give Judgement, and levy the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, in Cases, of Excise in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in that Kingdom

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be admitted to claim Property in any Seizure that shall be made upon any Clause or Clauses in any Act of Parliament for preventing the unlawful E:; portation of Wool from Ireland, till he or they shall first have given sufficient Security to the said Commissioners or Sub of of the District where such Seizure shall be made, to answer the Penalties attending the Forfeiture thereof, if such Seizure shall be adjudged to be good in Law.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted for anything done by Virtue or in putuance of this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall difeentinue his or their Action, or be nor., suited, or Judgement shall be given against him or th: m upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant W Defendants shall have full Coils to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

On landing the Goods, Bond void.

mine all Of

wooi.rc J ins ° Exportation of Wool, Wool fells, Shortlings, Mortiings, Cloth, Serge, Kerseys, Bays, Sayes, Frizes, Druggets, (

None may claim Properly in any Seizure in Ireland till they have given Security, C

General Issue,

---

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C. 22, 23. 325

CAP. XXII.

An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, and for the more easy Discharge of Bankrupts out of Execution, after their Certificates allowed.

EXP.

---

Every Sheriff, Gaoler, shall make a List of all Prisoners in their Custody on 24 June 1719. And deliver the same upon Oath to the first Quarter sessions after May 1, 1720. Persons inserted in such Lists, who were Prisoners on June 24, 1719. and shall continue so to their Discharge (other than those committed by Judges Warrants on an Escape) who shall take the Oath in the Act, shall be discharged in the Manner herein provided. Prisoner to deliver a Schedule of his Estate, and the Names of his Debtors, &c. Schedule to remain with the Clerk of the Peace, in whom the Estate shall be vested, to be assigned to the Creditors. Justices shall order the Sheriff, &c. to discharge such Prisoner without other Fee than 2s. Prisoners discharged shall not be imprisoned for any Debt, sv. contracted before June 24, 1719. notwithstanding the Discharge of any Person, all Judgments shall stand good against his Lanas, None shall have any Benefit of this Act unless discharged by 2; March 1721. Not to extend to Scotland. Discharge hereafter appearing to be fraudulently obtained, shall be void. None to have any Benefit who owes above 50l. to one Person. Any Judge of the Court where Judgement has been obtained against a Bankrupt, may, on his producing a Certificate of his Discharge, order any Sheriff, to discharge him without Fee.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons.

WHEREAS the Laws in being have not yet proved effectual to the suppressing of Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and to the Transportation of Felons, and tome of the said Laws wanting to be amended and enforced Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with All the Powers the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament given by Geo. assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers and Authorities which are in and by an C " any Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further prevent ^'pejcnj' coit ing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful ex porters of lvool\ and for declaring the Law upon same Points relating to Pirates, given to any Court transported, may before whom any Felons and Offenders, tried for and convicted of any Offences for which they may be executed by be sent or transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall and may be ob ny ^bfcquent served and executed by any other subsequent Court with like Authority, held for the same County, Riding,

Division or Liberty, where such Felons or Offenders were or shall be tried and convicted, notwithstanding ty though such other subsequent Court shall happen to be held at or in any other Town or Place than that wherein at another such Trials or Convictions were or shall be. Place.

II. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court before whom such Court may such Felons or Offenders (who may, by Virtue of the said recited Act, or by this present Act, be trans appoint two ju ported, as aforesaid) were or shall be convicted, or any other Court held with the like Authority for the rjces oath same County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, wherein they were or shall be so convicted as aforesaid, f'ht0

may nominate and appoint, if they shall think fit, two or more Justices of the Peace of and for the said fy persons for County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, where such Offenders were or shall be convicted, who shall the transporta have Power and Authority to contrast with any Person or Persons for the Performance of the Transporta tion of such tion of such Felons and Offenders, who by Order of such Court or Courts are to be sent to any of the Felons; and may Colonies and Plantations aforesaid; to order such and the like sufficient Security (as the said recited security and Act directs to be taken by Order of Court) and also to cause such Felons, pursuant to such Contrasts, to cause the Felons be delivered by the respective Gaolers in whose Custody they are, shall or may be, to the Person or per to be delivered fons contracting for them, or to his or their Assigns; said Contrasts and Security shall, from Time w the Persons to Time, be certified by the Justices, who shall make and take the same, to the next Court held with the contrafiing; like Authority for the said County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, where such Felons were or shall j0 e certifiedsto be convicted, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of such Court., he next Court.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Charges in and about making the Con charges about tracts, taking Securities, and conveying of Felons, in order to be transported, by Virtue of this or the said Contrails, C recited Act, shall be born by each County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, for which the Court was^o be born by held that ordered such Felon or Felons, Offender or Offenders to be transported; their respectivetrea «<* County, C surer or Treasurers shall, by Order of the Justices of the Peace in their respective General quarter sessions, pay all such Charges and Expenses to such Person or Persons as shall be employed for the Purposes aforesaid'

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Securities for Transportation hereafter Securities for

to be taken, pursuant to this or the said former Act, shall be by Bond, in the Name of the respective Clerks Transportation of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Place, as aforesaid, which said Clerks of the Peace, and ^arnu or the their Successors shall, from Time to Time, prosecute such Bonds in their own Names, to which Purpose clerics of the the' shall be deemed and taken to be a Body Corporate, and be paid all such Coils, Charges and Expenses, Peace, whotsv as they or any of them shall sustain or expend in any such Suit, as the said Justices of the Peace shall at their prolicutefn their General quarter sefhons of the Peace direct, for the Penalty of such lord, or otherwise howsoever by ov/1inames: Reason thereof, out of the public Stock, and by the respective Treasurer or Treasurers, as aforesaid; anj Moneys that all Moneys recovered on any such Security dr Bond entered into, as aforesaid, shall be to and for

Use of the respective County, Riding, Division and Place, and be paid to such respective Treasurer or Treasurers,

a,

<, jij. lurcfs., County,

326 C. 23. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

as aforesaid, to be Part of the public Stock of such County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, as aforesaid.

[Persons contracting for Transportation

V. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so contracting, as aforesaid, and to whom any such Felons or Offenders shall be delivered in order to be transported, as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons directed by the said Justices (impowered to contract, as aforesaid) or their felons^as they Assigns, may, in such Manner as they shall think fit, carry and fecnre the Paid Felons and Offenders in and Hull think fit: through any County and Counties of Great Britain whatsoever, toward the Seaport from whence they are And rescuing to be transported, as aforesaid; that if any Person or Persons shall rescue such Felons or Offenders, or them, shall be any of them, he, she and they so rescuing, or aiding or affifiing such Felons or Offenders, or any of them, guilty of Felony. in making their Escape from such Person or Persons as shall have them in their Custody, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And whereas some Felons ordered for Transportation according to Law, have already, and others may come on Shore, and return to Great Britain, before they have been actually transported to America, or may break Gaol, or escape before such Transportation Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Felon or Felons, who have been or shall be ordered for Transportation by this or any other ACI, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of this Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Felon or Felons was, were, or shall be ordered to be transported, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall fufief* Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And to the Intent that such Conviction may be with as little Trouble and Expense as possible, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Offender or Offenders may be tried either before Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol delivery for the County, City or Liberty, where he, she or they shall be apprehended and taken, or before Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery for that County, City or Place, from whence he, she or they were ordered to be transported; that the Clerk of the Assize and Clerk of the Peace where such Orders of Transportation shall be made, and their Successors for the Time being, shall, at the Requestof the Prosecutor, or any other in his Majesty's Behalf, certify a Transcript briefly and in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of every indictment and Conviction of such Man or Woman, and of the Order or Contract for his or her Transportation, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or gaol delivery, where such Man or Woman shall be indibled (not taking for the same above the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence) which Certificate being produced in Court shall be a sufficient Proof that such Person or Persons have before been convicted and ordered to be transported,

VIII. And whereas frequent Robberies have been lately committed in the Streets of London and tveji minster, and other Cities, Towns and Places, and Doubts have arisen whether any Reward could be allowed to Persons concerned in the apprehending, prosecuting and convicting such Offenders, which may prove a ' Discouragement to Persons who otherwise may be willing to undertake the same Be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Streets of London and Westminster, and other Cities, Towns and pla shall be deemed and taken to be Highways to all Intents and Purposes, within the Intent and Meaning

Felons ordered for Transportation, being afterwards at large before the Expiration of the Term, shall suffer Death,

Where such Offenders may be tried, and what shall be a sufficient Proof to convict them.

The Streets of London, Westminster, C shall be deemed Highways within the 4 & 5 W. & M, C S.

ces,

of an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and And all Gcrtifi Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the apprehending of Highwaymen; and all Certificates C tes upon Conto be hereafter signed upon Convictions for Robbery, shall be signed and paid without any Deduction, See berythal]°bepaid or Reward to be taken for the same, excepting any Sum not exceeding five Shillings for the Writing and without See Drawing thereof, and that as well where any Offender or Offenders plead guilty, as where they are cortex cept 5 s. for victed on Evidence; and if any Person or Persons, under the Pretence of signing or procuring to be signed

any such Certificate, or on Account of Payment of the Money allowed therein, shall take any Fee or Reward for the same, other than as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons offending therein, shall forfeit and

pay the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, where no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; such Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Person or Persons entitled to the Paid Certificate, on the Account of which such Fee or Reward was taken, as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas the Practice of taking Money to help Persons to their stolen Goods, and sharing it with the Felons, is still continued in Defiance of the Laws, and to the Encouragement of Felons: 'Be it en acted by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever shall discover, apprehend and prosecute to Conviction of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, any Person or Persons for the find Offence of taking Money or other Reward, directly or indirectly, to help any Person or Persons to their stolen Goods (such Offender not ha tf13!1 be entitled ving apprehended the Felon who stole the same, and brought him or her to Trial for the same, and given Evidence against him or her as required by Law) shall be entitled to.a. Reward of forty Pounds for every J 4 c. 1. c. 11. j uc{j Offender so convicted, as aforesaid, and shall have the like Certificate, and like Payments made without Fee or Reward, as any Person or Persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending, prosecuting and convicting of Highwaymen by any Law or Laws for that Purpose.

X. And be it further declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Reward of forty Pounds for the apprehending and convicting any Person or Persons for Burglary, shall be paid without any Deduction, as aforesaid, for every Offender who shall be apprehended and comicied for the said Crime.

XI

Time or

ven hundred and twenty, wilfully and maliciously assault any Person or Persons in the public Streets or the Streets, C Highways, with an Intent to tear, spoil, cut, burn or deface, and shall tear, spoil, cut, burn or deface cloaths1 &< the Garments or Clothes of such Person or Persons, that then all and every Person and Persons so offending, shall be guilty of being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and be adjudged to be guilty of Felony j and every such Felon and Felons

writing, and Persons taking more shall forfeit 40 J.

Prosecuting to Conviction any Person for taking a Reward for helping to stolen Goods,

fed, 4.

The Reward of 401. to be paid without Deduction.

After June 24, 1720. assaulting any Person in

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any person or Persons shall at any Time or Times, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand fe

A.D. 1719. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. C 24 — 27. 327

[Felony, and may

---

Felons shall be subject, and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in case of Felony; and the Courts by and before whom he, she or they shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority of transporting such Felons for the Space of seven Years, upon the like Terms and Conditions as are given, directed or enacted by this or the before recited Act.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for better explaining the Nature of Conveyances to be made to the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates by the Commissioners and Trustees acting in Scotland and for preventing Difficulties in determining Claims on the said Estates; to enable the Judges in Ireland to examine Witnesses relating to Claims on forfeited Estates there; and for enabling such Corporations as shall purchase any of the said Estates to grant Annuities, not exceeding the yearly Value of the said Estates; for relieving the Widow and Daughters of the late Sir Donald Macdonald.

EXP.

---

Indentures of Bargain and Sale executed by the Commissioners in Scotland, to contain a Procuratory of re signation. And when such Estate was held of the Crown, the Exchequer shall accept of a Surrender on such Procuratory. And when held of a Subject, he to accept in like Manner. Where the forfeiting person enjoyed such Estate in Virtue of a personal Right, Commissioners to make over the same. Where such Estate was held of the Crown, the Buyer hall hold by Blanchholding. Purchasers hall enjoy all Privileges, and may sell, (3'c. as Persons having any Estate in See ample. Claimants entering Appeals, and also, may proceed for reversing, &c. the Decrees of the Delegates, as is competent by the Law's of Scotland. After 30 Days hall elapse without Petition, the Delegates Decrees shall be Anal. Examinations of Claimants and Witnesses in Ireland may be taken before the Judges there; and being transmitted to England shall be effectual. Commissioners may examine Persons viva voce. Purchasers may grant Rent charges to the yearly Value of the Estates; Bodies Politic may be Purchasers; And may raise Money by Calls from their Members. Corporations granting rent charges exceeding the annual Value of the Estates, to forfeit treble the Sum advanced besides the annual Value. Where any rent charge shall cease, the Corporation may grant another, so as the Whole do not exceed the annual Value of the Estate King may make the same proviaons for the Widow and Daughters of Sir Donald Alacdonald as they would have been entitled to if he had not been attainted.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Stevenldge in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

PR.

This Act is to continue for 21 Years from the 24th of June 1720. [Continued by u Geo. 2. C io.j

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End in kent street in the Parish of St. George's Southwark in the County Surrey, to the Lime Kilns in East greenwich near Black heath, ta Lcwiftiam

Church, being the Tunbridge Road in the County of Kent; and for repairing and amending the Highways and Roads leading from Westminster Ferry in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, to nevj cross in the Parish of Deptford in the County of Kent; and for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East grinstead in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surrey, and for explaining and amending the same Act.

PR.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for making the River Darwent in the County of Derby navigable. P R,

Undertakers empowered, at their own Expense, to make the Darvjent navigable, from the Mouth of the River to Derby. Commissioners appointed. Any nine of them may mediate between the Undertakers and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, &c. And settle what Satisfaction every Person shall have for his Loss. And proportion what Share shall be paid any Tenant. Persons having Notice, and not treating or agreeing inten Days, or through any Disability, not being able, the Commissioners on the Oath of a Jury of twelve Men of the County, not being Burgesses of Derby, shall assess such Damages, as they shall think Atto be awarded to the Owners of the Lands, &c. Damages happening to any Owners of Lands, or to Mills, Wears, &c. by any Act of the Undertakers, they hall pay such Sum as the Commissioners shall judge reasonable. For which the Party shall have an Action of Debt, and recover Colts and Damages. The Undertakers may demand, not exceeding srper Tonne, for Wares carried on the said River. In Case of Death or Refusal to act of any Commissioner, any nine may appoint another reftding in Derlyshire, and having 100 i.per Annum in Lands, so as there be always 20 Commissioners at least. On Complaint of any Damage, Commissioners shall issue their Warrants to the Sheriff to return a Jury, to inquire thereof, and assess the Damage, and the Commissioners shall give Judgement for the Undertakers to pay accordingly. Boatmaster answerable for Damages done by his Vessel. Commissioners Proceedings, &c. to be entered in Books, to which all Persons may have Recourse and take Copies, paying 1;. for not above 2c0 Words. Undertakers shall credtawharf near Holms Mills Fleam or in the Morledge, and all Persons may lade and unlade there paying 2 CL per Tonne. All the King's People paying the Duties shall have free Passage on the River. Owners of Lands, &c. near the River may keep Boats for Pleasure, or for conveying Manure, &c. without

Felony, and may be transported for seven Years, Concerning Robbery see fattier

7 Geo. 2. C zi,

8 Geo. 2. c. 16. 22 Geo. 2. c. 24

Continued by 1 Geo. 2. 0, 36,

328 C 28 — 30. Anno sexto Georgii Regis. A.D. 1719.

paying. Commissioners shall not have Power to determine any Damages, otherwise than by Verdict of a Jury.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for making the River Douglas alias Afland navigable, from the River Ribble to Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

Undertakers to make the Douglas navigable at their own Colts. May alter Bridges or Highways, pull down Mills, Wears, GY. set out towing Paths, C sir ft giving Satisfaction to the Proprietors. Commissioners appointed for adjusting Differences between the Undertakers and Proprietors. Persons interested dissatisfied, GY. Commissioners shall issue Warrants to the sheriff of Lancaster to return a Jury. None to at as a commissioner, who has not 100 /. per Annum in the County. In case of Death of any Commissioners, or their Refusal to at, the other Commissioners to nominate others. Undertakers may demand for every Tonne of Coals, cup or down the River, any Sum not exceeding 2 s. 6 d. barge masters answerable for Damages done by their vessels, Gr. to Wears, Gc. The Douglas between the Ribble and Miry lane End, not under the Survey of any Commission of Sewers. Owners of Lands near the River may use Pleasure Boats, but not carry Goods in them. The River shall be esteemed navigable from the Ribble to Miry lane End, and free for all Persons to pass, paying the Rates. Saving all Royalties of Fishing or Fowling. Any Person may carry Wares on the River, paying 2 s. 6 d. per Tonne. No Meeting of Commissioners to be above eight Miles from the Place in Question. Undertakers not finishing the Navigation within eleven Years after the End of this Session of Parliament, Commissioners may appoint others. Damages in Grounds, Mills, Gr. occasioned by the Undertakers raising the Water too high, not keeping up the Banks, GY. Commissioners shall ascertain the same by a Jury, and give Judgement for it. Undertakers cutting through, or altering Highways, shall prepare as good: And if they have Occasion to purchase Land, the Price shall be afeer tained as above.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouse in the County of Huntingdon.

PR.

Henry ftjhlcy, Esq; empowered to repair and amend the Passage for Boats, GY. on the Ouse, to cleanse thi River at Hollenvell, to repair St. Ives Staunch, to cut Banks, Et. The Quarter sessions for Huntingdonjhir to determine the Satisfaction to be given for Damages, who may summon Witnesses, Gc. Sums decreed to be paid in three Days after Notice, and on Refusal two Justices may levy by Distress. The Toll for ever Chalder of Coals Lynn Measure, one Penny. For every half hundred of Deals, one Penny. For every Loai Timber, forty Foot to the Load, one Penny. For eight Packs of Wool, ten Tods to the Pack, one Penny! For every Weigh of Salt, one Penny. For every Load of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Peas or Beans, five Quarters to the Load, one Penny. For every Last of Oats, one Penny. For every thousand of Turf, on. Penny. For every Load of Reed, Sedge, Hay or hemp, twenty hundred Weight to a Load, one Penny, For every Last of Malt, one Penny. For every thousand of Tiles, one Penny. For every Chalder Lime, one Penny. And for every Tonne of other Goods, one Penny. Persons obstructing the Undertake In anything authorised by this Act, or doing any Damage to the Staunch or new Works, he may bring h Action, and shall recover treble Damages and full Costs. Or the Person opposing, or doing such Damage' may be set in the Stocks three Hours for the first Offence, and for the second lent to the House of Corredlion. boat master to answer for Damage done by his Boat or Crew. Six Justices of huntingdonjjoire and six Commissioners of Sewers in the Fens, shall be Commissioners for Government of the new Works; fiv of whom may meet, and make Orders j'gyr'

CAP. XXX.

An Act for making the River Idle navigable, froth Eaf retford in the County of Nottingham, to bavjtr

jfharf in the County of York.

PR.

The Bailiffs and ajdermen of East retford, empowered to make the Idle navigable from East retford Shire dike. The Bailiffs, Gc. before they begin to make Cuts, GY. to agree with the Owners of tl Lands. Commissioners appointed for adjusting all Differences between the said Bailiffs, GY. and the Owi ers of Lands, GY. damnified. If any Persons will not agree, or through any Disability cannot, the Commissioner shall issue their Warrant to the Sheriff to impanel a Jury, who upon their Oath, after View, fh;. assess Damages, and the Commissioners shall give Judgement accordingly. Commissioners Death or Refu! toadlfhail be recorded, and the other Commissioners may nominate another, having 50 /. per Annum, tpoa /. Personal Estate. Manure to pay 3 d. and all other Goods 1 s. per ion. The Bailiffs, GY. m' lessen the Duty. The Master of every Barge, GY. answerable for Damage done by his Barge, GY. or Cre. Persons throwing Roots, GY. into the River, and thereby obstructing the Navigation, the bailiff's, GY. mr ftie them, and shall.recover what removing the Obstruction shall cost, GY. Commissioners of Sewers fhl have no Power to do any Thing that may hinder the Navigation. The Idle shall for ever hereafter be naj gable from East retford to Shire dike; and all Persons have free Passage thereon. None may cut down r damnify any Trees near the River, so as sufficient haling Paths be left. Persons aggrieved may appeal to J Rices of Axffize, whose Order shall be final, and no Appeal from their Judgement.

An

329

A.D. 1720. C f.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis ftftagna; Britannia;, Francisc 6c Hibernia;, septimo.

1 AT the Parliament begun and holtlen at Westminster, the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, lac. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty; being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An act for restraining the Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Treasurer or Cashier, Deputy cashier, and Accountant of the south-sea Company, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

T. J WHEREAS Sir John Fellows, Baronet, the present Sub governor, Charles Joy:, Esquire, Deputy farther prowl t Governor, and William ajlell, Esquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, S'njoon Blunt, Baronet, Hons relating to Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir William Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert chester, Esquire, Stephen Matters in Child, Esquire, Peter Delaport, Esquire, Francis eyes, Esquire, James Edmonson, Esquire, Edward Gibbon, 1 cse(f a'sut,

£ Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir William Hammond, Knight, Francis Halves, Esquire, Richard Horsey, 2*8.*U '

Esquire, Richard Holditch, Esquire, Sir Theodore Jardjen, Knight and Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, g Gen. j. C 2-.

Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir Harcourt Master, Knight, William Morley, Esquire, ij Geo. i. C zz.

C Ambrose Page, Esquire, Colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read, junior, Esquire, Thomas Reynolds, Esquire, Gee. z C S.

Jacob Sawbridge, Esquire, Williamtillard, Esquire, and John Turner, Esquire, Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and also Robert Knight, Treasurer or Cashier, Robert Surtnan, Deputy cashier, and John Grigsby, Accountant to the said Corporation, in Confederacy with the said Sub governor, Deputy governor and Directors, under Colour of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled. An aslfor enabling the south-sea Company to increase their present Capital Stock and g qs0 r C

C Fund, by redeeming such public Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to

C be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Encumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in Lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer, have contrived and carried on many notorious, fraudulent and in direct Practises, contrary to the Intention of the said Act, to the great Detriment of the Public, in Breach of their Trust, and to the manifest Wrong and Oppression of great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects Now to the End that their Persons and Estates may be secured, so as to answer and be liable to Justice in Parliament, Be it enacted, isc.

EXP.

"The Sub governor, Directors, &c. of the south-sea Company shall not go out of the Kingdom for one "Year from December 8. 1720. and till the End of next Session of Parliament. But shall enter into Re "with Sureties before the Barons of the Exchequer not to depart, &c. The Sub governor,

"(Ac. to be bound in the Penalty of ioo, coo. and Sureties, in 25, 000l. each. Neglecting to enter into "such Recognisance before February 8, 1720. to be committed to the Fleet without Bail. The Sub "(Ac. departing out of the Kingdom, and Persons aiding to such Departure shall be guilty of "Felony. The said Sub governor, &c. shall before March zt, 1721. deliver upon Oath to one of the "Barons of the Exchequer, two Invcntoi ies of ail their Rea] and Personal Estate, of which they were pof "fefl ed on June 1, 1720. and also of such Estate as they have aliened or disposed of since that Day. Barons "of the Exchequer to deliver a Duplicate of such Inventories to either House of Parliament. If such In "appear evasive, or upon Signification from either House of Parliament for a farther Examina "to be had thereupon, or on Information of any Concealment, &c. the Barons may examine Persons "Oath, and summon the Sub governor, &c. to appear; and in Default issue their Warrants to bring "them before them. Refusing to be examined, shall be committed to the Fleet without Bail. Not deli "Inventories, or not submitting to be examined in eight Days after Commitment, or being guilty "of any Concealment, &c. shall suffer Death. The Barons may issue Warrants to apprehend Persons re "to appear upon Summons; and may commit to the Fleet such as refuse to be sworn, and answer to L Interrogatories, till they submit to be examined. The Sub governor, &c. disabled for one Year after t: January 5, 1720. to alien, &c. any Lands, &c. But they may dispose of their Estates by their Last "Will. The Sub governor, &c. shall not for one Year after January 5, 1720. convey any of their "Goods, out of the Realm, except Shares of Ships, &c. Offending shall be guilty of Felony. Per "having accepted of any Trust, or concealing any Estate, &c. to forfeit treble the Value, and be c' imprisoned for one Year without Bail. Discoverers of any concealed Estate, before September 9, 17 i r. shall "allowed 20 1. per Centum for Effects beyond the Seas, and 10l. for effeas in this Kingdom. The for "Estates to be paid into the Exchequer for the Use of the south-sea Company."

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. I.

A.D. 1720.

3 3°

C

3*

CAP. II.

An act to disable the present Sub Governor, Deputy governor and Directors of the south-sea Company, at, from and after the respective Times for electing a Sub governor, Deputy governor and new Directors of the Paid Company, to take, hold or enjoy any Office, Place or Employment in the Paid Company, or in the Eafi india Company, or Bank of England, and from voting upon Elections in the said Company.

I. "T WHEREAS Sir John Fellows, Baronet, Sub governor, and Charles Esquire, deputy gover nor, and William ajlell, Esquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, Sir John Blunt, Baronet, Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir William Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert Chester, Stephen Child, Peter Delaport, Francis Eyles, James Edmonson, Edward Gibbon, John Gore, Esquires; William Hammond,

Knight, Francis Hawes, Richard Horsey, Richard Houlditch, Esquires; Sir theodore janjfen, Knight and Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir Harcourt Master, Knight, William Morley, Ambrose page, Colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read, junior, Thomas Reynolds, Jacob Sawbridge, William ti/lard, and John Turner, Esquires, Directors of the Corporation erected by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, have been guilty of a notorious Breach of Trull in the Execution of their said Offices, to the great Detriment of the said Company, and of public Credit; ' Be it therefore enacted, &c.

EXP.

The Sub governor, &c. of the south-sea Company disabled from holding any Office in that or the east india Company, or in the Bank of England. Disabled also from voting in Elections of Sub governor, &c. of the said Companies.

CAP. III.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infedied more effectually to perform their Quarentine and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the lfles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of Infedlion.

9 Ann, C a. 4 I. \ Y T WHEREAS in the Parliament begun and held at Westminster in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne an Act passed, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infected more effectually to perform their \uarentine: And whereas Marseilles, and other Places in the South ern Parts of France, have for sometime past been visited with the Plague, which occasioned just Appre hensions left the Infedlion might be brought into this Kingdom from the Places so infected, or other pla sees Geo. 1. t ces trading or corresponding therewith, unless timely Care were taken to prevent the same: And whereas 7 jgf j. 4 it hath been found by Experience, That the said Act is defective and insufficient for the Purposes intended, '4 and the Penalties inflicted by the same not adequate to the Offences thereby prohibited; and some fur there Provisions are necessary to be made, in case it Should please. Almighty God to permit these Kingdoms to be affiidled with the Plague For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted, &c. EXP. [See 26 Geo. 2. c. 6.

Step. 8 Geo. 1. c. 10.

During the Times of Infedlion all Vessels, Persons, Goods, &c. coming into Great Britain, &c. from Places infected, &c. shall perform Quarentine as his Majesty shall direct by Proclamation. Mailer, (Ac, of any Vessel coming from infected Places, or having on board Persons visited with the Plague, and not discovering the same. Guilty of Felony. Mailer, &c. not making a true Discovery of the Particulars, to forfeit 200 /. If the Mailer, &c. of any Vessel liable to Quarentine shall quit such Vessel, or permit any Seaman, &c. so to do, or on Notice not conveying such Vessel to the Place appointed for Quarentine, such Ships, &c. shall be forfeited, and the Mailer, &c. shall forfeit zoo /. Persons quitting such Ship may be compelled to return on hoard; and shall be imprisoned six Months, and forfeit zoo. In case of Infedlion his Majesty in Council may make Orders concerning Quarentine, &c. In Times of Infedlion the King may c2ufe Ships and Lazarets to be provided for the Performance of Quarentine, and Entertainment of Persons infected; proper Places for airing of Goods, &c. To be approved by two justices; either in Wastes, or in the Grounds of any Person, not being a House, Park, &c. paying for the lame. Rates to be assessed by Quarter sessions. The proper Officers may compel Persons infected, or obliged to Quarentine, to repair to the Places provided. Persons refilling to repair, &c. or endeavouring to escape, may be compelled by any kind of Violence. Persons actually refusing to repair, &c. or escaping, shall suffer Death as Felons. Persons not infected entering any Ship, &c. shall continue and perform Quarentine: And such Persons actually escaping, shall suffer Death. The King may causel Lines to be call up about Places infected; prohibit Persons, Goods, &c. to pais such Lines. Persons offering to pass without Licence, may be compelled back, and actually passing, shall suffer Death.: Two justices may orderlnhn oitants of neighbouring Parishes, &c. to keep Watches Night and Day on Places infected, and upon such Lines, &c. with such Numbers of Men as they shall think fit. inhabitants refusing to watch, shall forfeit not exceeding tool, nor less than 10l. and shall be imprisoned two Months without Bail, and till Payment. Watchmen neglecting their Duty, liable to like Punishment. Officer neglecting to execute any Orders concerning Quarentine, shall forfeit his Office, and joo /. Goods,

3 1 44 &c. spe

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. C 4, 5. 331

Cfc. specified in Orders concerning Quarentine, being imported, shall be liable to such Orders. The The King in Council may order Ships coming from infected Places, or laden with Goods from fueii "Places, or having on board any infected Person, to be burnt. On Proof made on Oath of the Matter,

41 C that any Ship has performed Quarentine, and Certificate thereof, such Ship shall not be liable to any further Restraint on the same Account, i s. each for such Oath and Certificate. After Quarentine, Goods "sv. ball be opened and aired as his Majesty shall direct; and on Proof thereof such Goods, fcfc. ilia 11 "be discharged. In Times of Infection the King may by Proclamation prohibit Vessels under the Burden of 20 Tonnes from sailing out of any Port in Great Britain, C till the Matter has given; oo /. Security,

that such Vessel shall not go to any Country, csc. mentioned in such Proclamation, C Persons buying Goods clandestinely imported to forfeit io. Proclamations concerning Quarentine, Cfc. to be read in Churches."

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That this al, and the several Clauses and Provisions therein contain This Act to ed, shall commence and take Effect from and after the tenth Day of February in the Year of our Lord one commence from thousand seven hundred and twenty, and shall continue in Force for the Space of three Years, and from io Feb. 1710, thence to the End of the then next Sessioii of Parliament; and from and after the said tenth Day of Fcbrua ar>j continue for ry one thousand seven hundred and twenty the aforesaid Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her 'he Years, C late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to per After the said" form Quarentine, (as to all Matters and Things to arise or be done from and after the said tenth Day of Scio Feb. j zo, bruary one thousand seven hundred and twenty) shall be and stand absolutely repealed. the Act9 Ann.

C 2, repealed.

41 "'he Watches to be kept at the Charge of the County, and Quarter sessions to raise the Moneys as for Sec farther County Gaols, C To be paid to the Chief Constable of the Division, and to be distributed by him. 1 2 '

Officer, C permitting any Person, Goods, C to depart or be conveyed out of any Place infested, 6 0* z C 34* 44 ifc. shall suffer Death. Persons aggrieved by the Judgement of any Justice, may appeal to Quarter southeast(*'c 44 fions, who shall finally determine; and if they give Judgement against: the Appellant, may order him to z, Geo. 2. i 8." 44 pay Colts. No Attainder by this Act shall work any Corruption of Blood, C 33geo. 2. C 16,

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-one. 3 s. in the Pound. EXP. [See cap. 20. fe£h 39.]'

CAP. V.

An Act to enable the South sca Company to ingraft Part of their Capital Stock and Fund into the Stock and Fund of the Bank of England, and another Part thereof into the Stock and Fund of the East-india Company 3 and for giving further Time for Payments to be made by the said south-sea Company, to the Use of the Public.

MAY it please your most excellent Majesty; Whereas the Capital or Joint Stock of the Corporation, called by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, did, at the Time of making the Act of Parliament of the sixth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling the south-sea ggeo_ 1. C

Company to increase their present Capital Stock and Fund by redeeming such public Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Incum brances; and for calling in the present Exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in lieu thereof to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer, by Computation amount in the Whole to eleven millions seven hundred forty six thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds eight Farther Provi Shillings and ten Pence, or thereabouts: And whereas it hath been represented unto us, your majesty's most b°ns concerning dutiful and loyal Subjects, the commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, That by Virtue and in: n

Pursuance of the said Act several Annuities, Debts and Encumbrances have been subscribed and redeemed, s'gco.i.'star or taken in which (being computed at the respective Values in and by the said Add prescribed) will make s Geo. ic." 4 in the Whole twenty six millions fifty-five thousand seven hundred and seventy four Pounds five Shillings and twopence, or thereabouts, to be added to the said Capital or Joint Stock; and that both the said Sums will make the increased Capital or Joint Stock of the said Corporation (which is commonly called the south-sea Company) to amount in the Whole to thirty seven millions eight hundred and two thousand six hundred and eighteen Pounds fourteen Shillings, or thereabouts: And that in respedd of several of the said Sums comprehended in the said increased Capital or Joint Stock, the said Corporation is and will be entitled to several Annuities or yearly Funds, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid and payable at the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer by weekly or other Payments, out of several Duties, Revenues and other Provisions settled by the said Add for that Purpose, until and for the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty. seven; and afterwards at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Redemption thereof according to the said Add: And that in respedd of several other of the said Sums comprehended in the said increased Capita! or Joint Stock, the said Corporation is and will be entitled to several Annuities or yearly Funds, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid and payable at the said Re 4 ceipt by weekly or other Payments, out of several Duties, Revenues and other srovisions settled by the said Add for Payment thereof, until and for the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand

332 C 5. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. A.D. 1720.

seven hundred and twenty seven, and afterwards at the same Rate, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the said al; which said Annuities or yearly Funds so payable at the said Receipt of

Exchequer are nevertheless liable to such Charges and Encumbrances, as in and by the said at are expressed or mentioned concerning the same. And whereas in and by the said al Provision was made. That nine

thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence per Annum, therein mentioned, and several other Sums which were thereby directed to be computed and added thereunto, for Charges of

Management, should from Time to Time be paid and payable to the said Company in the Manner thereby

prescribed; in and by the said at (Relation being thereto had) may more fully appear. And whereas the said South sea Company, in and by a Proposition agreed to in a General Court of the same held on

or about the second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and since presented to us your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, have humbly offered, that a Sum not exceeding nine millions of the Capital Stock of the said South sea Company, together with an Annuity of five Pounds per Centum per Annum issuing from the Exchequer, and payable weekly, be ingrafted into the Capital Stock of the Gover

nor and Company of the Bank of England, and be added to their present Capital Stock of five millions five hundred fifty-nine thousand nine hundred ninety five Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence; and that every Proprietor of the said Sum so to be ingrafted be entitled to a Share in the Capital of the said Gover nor and Company of the Bank of England, at the Rate of one hundred and twenty Pounds per Centum,

that is to say, for every one hundred and twenty Pounds in the said Sum not exceeding nine millions to be

ingrafted, each Proprietor to have one hundred Pounds Stock in the Bank; that the remaining twenty Pounds per Centum, Part of the said Sum not exceeding nine millions, (which, if the Whole be ingrafted, would make one million and an half) be reserved for the common Benefit and Advantage of the Proprie tors of the whole Capital so increased; that a certain Sum be annually allowed to the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England towards their Charges of Management: And the said south-sea Company in the said Proposition have also humbly offered, that a Sum not exceeding nine millions of the Capi tal Stock of the said south-sea Company, together with an Annuity of five Pounds per Centum per Annum

issuing from the Exchequer, and payable weekly, be ingrafted into the Stock of the United Company of

5 Merchants of England trading to the East indies, and added to their present Capital Stock of three millions

two hundred thousand Pounds; and that every Proprietor of the said Sums so to be ingrafted into the Capital of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies be entitled to a Share in the Capital Stock of the same Company, at the Rate of one hundred and twenty Pounds per Centum, that is to say, for every one hundred and twenty Pounds in the last mentioned Sum not exceeding nine millions so to be ingrafted, each Proprietor to have one hundred Pounds Stock in the said East India Company; and that the remaining twenty Pounds per Centum, Part of the last mentioned Sum not exceeding. nine millions (which, if the Whole be ingrafted, will make one million and an half) be disposed and diftri i buted in the Manner therein mentioned; and that a certain Sum be annually allowed to the said East India Company towards their Charges of Management. And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in and by a Proposition agreed to in a General Court of that Corporation held on or about the twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and since presented to us your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, have declared their Willingness to admit, that nine millions of the Capital of the south-sea Company, together with an Annuity of five Pounds per Centum per Annum issuing from the Exchequer, payable weekly, and free from all Encumbrances, be ingrafted into the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and be added unto their present Capital Stock of five millions five hundred fifty-nine thousand ninety five Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence; and that every Proprietor of the same Sums so to be ingrafted be entitled to a Share in the Capital of the Bank of England, at the Rate of one hundred and twenty Pounds per Centum, that is to say, for every one hundred and twenty Pounds in the same Sumfoto be ingrafted, each Proprietor to have one hundred Pounds Stock in the Bank; the re maining twenty Pounds per Centum, Part of the same Sum not exceeding three millions (which, if the Whole be ingrafted, would make one million and an half) to be reserved for the common Benefit and Ad 4 vantage of the Proprietors of the whole Capital so increased; that a certain Sum be annually allowed to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England towards their Charges of Management. And whereas the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, in and by a Propo fition agreed to in a General Court of that Corporation held on or about the third Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and since presented to us your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, have declared their Willingness to admit, that a Sum not exceeding nine millions of the Capital of the said south-sea Company, together with an Annuity of five Pounds per Centum per Annum issuing from the Ex 4 chequer, payable weekly, and free from all Encumbrances, be ingrafted into the Stock of the said East India Company, and added to their present Capital Stock of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; and that every Proprietor of the same Sum so to be ingrafted be entitled to a Share in the Capital Stock of the said East India Company, at the Rate of one hundred and twenty Pounds per Centum, that is to say, for every one hundred and twenty Pounds in the same Sum so to be ingrafted, each Proprietor to have one hundred Pounds Stock in the East India Company; the remaining twenty Pounds per Centum, Part of the same Sum not exceeding nine millions (which, if the Whole be ingrafted, would make one million and an half)

4 to be disposed and distributed in Manner following, that is to say, six hundred and forty thousand Pounds thereof, being after the Rate of twenty Pounds ptr Centum, upon the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, to the then Proprietors of the same Capital of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds: And the Remainder of the said twenty Pounds per Centum to and for the common Benefit and

Advantage of all the Proprietors of the whole Capital of the said East India Company so increased, which

5 Remainder (if the whole nine millions be ingrafted) will amount to eight hundred and sixty thousand Pounds; and that a certain Sum be annually allowed to the said East India Company towards their Charges of Management. And whereas it is judged, that an Ingraftment of Part of the Capital of the south-sea

333

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. i. C 5.

Company into the Capitals of the Bank of England anc^the East-india Company, pursuant to the said feve |' ral Proposals of the said respective Companies, will contribute very much to the restoring and establishing public creditwe your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted, is'c.

EXP.

"Between 7.4 June and 25 Dec. 1721, south-sea Company may, under their Common Seal, and at their own Charges, transfer to the Bank such Share of their Capital Stock at 5 /. percent, as shall be agreed on between them, together with so much of their Annuities, as shall bear Proportion to the Stock transferred, not exceeding 9, 000, 000l. Tfte Shares so transferred shall be added to the Capital Stock of the Bank. south-sea Company may, between the same Times, also transfer to the east hidia Company such Share of their Capital Stock at 5 /. percent, as shall be agreed upon between them, together with so much of their Annuities, as shall bear Proportion to the Stock transferred, not exceeding 9, 000, 0001.

1 44 The Share so transferred shall be added to the Capital Stock of the East India Company. After such "the two Companies shall lawfully enjoy their respective Shares in Stock. south-sea Company 1 44 may enjoy their whole Capital, &c. tili the Transfers be made, and afterwards may hold all their unaf "signed Stock, is'e. till Redemption by Parliament. south-sea Company may hold 9397 I. g s. 6 CL per an- num for Charges of Management, till a Transfer of Part of their Capital Stock, and afterwards the two Companies shall receive a proportional Part thereof for Charges of Management. Annuities payable 41 Quarterly at 3 /. percent, till the 24 June 17z7, and afterwards at 4l. percent. All Persons entitled to any Shares in the south-sea Company at the Time of transferring, shall have a proportional Share in the Stock transferred to the Bank, &c. The same for Shares transferred to the East India Company, &c.

"Unassigned Shares in the south-sea Company may be transferred in the Books of the Company, or devised by Will, as formerly. Members of the Bank may transfer or devise their increased Stock, as for merly. And also the Members of the East India Company. All Privileges, &c. founded on former Acts or Charters, continued, &c."

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time after After 24 June the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Corporation, commonly called the south scom south sea Company, of the Sum of the Capital Stock, or of that Part of the Capital Stock which shall pany of their then belong to that Corporation according to this Act, without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement Capital Stock, _ whatsoever to be made out of the same Sum, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment of all Arrears which &c.their annul shall be then due at the respective Rates aforesaid, or either of them, for or upon their then Annuities or tie3toceafe" yearly Funds payable in respeef thereof; and upon Payment of all Arrears of the said yearly Sums, or of such Proportions thereof as shall be payable to them for Charges of Management; all which Arrears (if any such be) shall be computed and paid to the quarterly Feast day then next preceding, and from thence shall be computed and paid by the Day, till the Time of such full Payment of their capital Sum; then the same Annuities or yearly Funds, and the yearly Sums to be allowed to them for Charges of Management as aforesaid, and every of them, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding "

"24 "June 1727, on Repayment to the Bank of the whole Sum transferred from the south-sea Com "(Ac. the yearly Funds, &c. to ceate. The same clause for the East India Company."

XXVI. And in regard it is intended. That at any Time or Times after the said Feast of the Nativity of After 24 June Saint Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven the Principal or Sum Total of the Capital '7*7> on Rc ' Stock, or so much thereof as shall then belong to the said south-sea Company, may be satisfied to them by Payment and Payments (not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain at a p°nyof anysum

Time) and that as the same Principal Moneys shall be paid off, the Annuities or yearly Funds of the said not lets than

south-sea Company payable in respect thereof, shall from Time to Time proportionably fink and be aba 500, 0001. at a

ted Be it therefore further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times Time, a propor afier the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, upon Repayment by Parliament to the said south-sea Company of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being ceape> less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time) in Part of the Principal Moneys of the said Capital Stock which shall then belong to the said south-sea Company; and upon Payment of all Arrears then due to them at the respective Rates aforesaid, for or upon their said Annuities or yearly Funds, or so much of those Arrears as shall bear a Proportion to their Principal Sums, from Time to Time, remaining unsatisfied, being computed by the Day, until the Time of every such Payment of Part of the Principal respectively; and upon Payment of all Arrears then due for or upon the said yearly Sums, or their Part of the said yearly Sums for Charges of Management; then from and after every such Payment so made to the said south-sea Company, so much of their said Annuities or yearly Funds, as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said Principal, shall cease, determine, and be abated; anything in this or any former act or Acts of Parliament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

And on Repayment to the Bank of any Sum not less than 250, 000l. at a Time, a proportional' Part of their Annuities to cease. The like Clause for the East-india Company. After such Redemption the Duties applicable thereto shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament. Bank to continue a Corpo ration till all the Shares transferred to them by the south-sea Company be redeemed. After the Ingraft

4. 44 ments,

334 C 5-

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. i. A.D. 1720.

East India corr pany may take up Moneys on their Common Sea!, C n t exceeding the Sum due from, the ijublick to them.

east-india Company may not borrow Monfy on Creditof their Car ital Stock, nor for a greater Sum than shall be employed in their Trade, C

and may not discount Bills, or keep Cash for others.

C Geo. 1. c. 4.

"merits, Shares not exceeding tool, in the Whole, maybe transferred without Stamp or other Charge; '

4£ for such Transfers."

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and foi

the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, and their Succefi ors, and they are hereby enabled from Time to Time, or at any Time or Times to their own good liking, to borrow or take up Money upon any Contrails, Bonds, Bills or Obligations under their Common Seal for carrying on their Trade, or for lending or advancing Money by way of Bottomry, as is herein after prefer! bed, so as by the Moneys already borrowed by them, and by the Moneys which they flrall hereafter borrow pursuant to this Act, the whole Sum which they shall owe at any one Time do not exceed the Sum due at that Time from the Public to the said Company, or the Sum of five millions of Pounds Sterling in the Whole. '

XXXIII. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful tc or for the same United Company, or their Successors, to borrow, owe or give Security for any Sum 01 Sums of Money, on Credit of their Capital Stock or yearly Fund, or upon any Increase thereof to be made in Pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof; and that it shall not be lawful to or for the same United Company, or their Successors, to borrow, owe or give Security for any other or greater Sum or Sums of Money, than such as shall be really and bona fide expended and laid out in and for the buying of Goods, Bullion or Commodities to be exported for the proper Account of the same Company, or shall be otherwise employed in their Trade, or shall be really and bona fide advanced or lent on the Bottom of any Ship oi Veiled, Ships or Vessels, or on Goods or Merchandizes on board any Ship or Vessel, Ships or vessels, of the same United Company, or that is, are or shall be employed in the Service of the same United Company, to any Captains or Commanders, Agents, Sailors, Servants or other Person or Persons, which shall at any Time or Times be employed in the Service of the same United Company; all which Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, shall be borrowed only on theii Common Seal, and flrall not be made payable or be bona fide agreed to be paid on Demand, or at any Time less than six Months from the Time of borrowing thereof; and that it shall not be lawful for the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indics, or their successors, to discount any Bill of Exchange, or other Bills or Notes whatsoever, or to keep any Books or Cash of or for any Person o Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, other than only the proper Moneys and Cash of the farm United Company; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas in and by the said Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign it was enacted 4 i h3t the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, commonly callet the south-sea Company, should pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of four million one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, by such Pro C portions and at such Times as are thereby appointed for the Payment thereof, and such further Sums to b ' computed after the Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase, and such further Sums to be compute after the Rate of one year's Purchase, as are therein mentioned, by quarterly Payments at such Feast day as were thereby limited for the Payment thereof; and in case any Failure in Payment should be made of th said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings an eleven Pence, or of the said Sums to be paid after the Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase, oc after the Rate of one year's Purchase, or any of them, or any Part thereof, a Remedy is by the said Act ' provided for Recovery of the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment should be made, with Damagel

after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the same Corporation, and their Stock and Func were thereby made subject and liable thereunto: And it was thereby provided, enacted and declared, Thai the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three bunded and six Pounds four Shillings an

eleven Pence, and the said several Sums to be paid after the said Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's Purchase, and every of them, and every Part thereof, as sass as the same should be pai| ' into the same Receipt, should he applied in Manner following, (that is to say) That out of the first Monic arising of or for the said several Sums so to be paid into the said Receipt, every or any of them, fuc; ' public Deb s and Encumbrances, carryingintercft or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Cental per Annum, or more, incurred before the twenty-fifth of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteet founded upon any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf (not being Part of the Capital Stoc1 ' or Fund of the said South Sea Company) as were then redeemable, or might be redeemed at any Timet Times on or before the twenty-fifth of Decanber one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, should t 4 redeemed and paid oft in the nrfi Place; and that after the same should be redeemed and paid off",

Money sufficient should be reserved in the Exchequer for redeeming and paying off the same, according to the true Meaning of that Act, then all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Sum of four mi;

lions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and (

the salt! Sums to be computed after the said several Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase, and or year's Purchase, and of every of them, and of every Part thereof, and as the same Residues and e.emaii ders, from Time to Time, should grow due from the said south-sea Company, and as the same should i 4 ought to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, should be applied for or towards paying off so muc of the Capital Stock and increased Capital Stock of the same south-sea Company, as should then can Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that upon every such Payment or r

serving Money as aforesaid, to make such Payment to the said south-sea Company, a proportional Part

their Annuities or yearly Fund, or of their Annuities or yearly Fund to be increased by that Act, for whit that Rate is or should be payable, should cease and determine, as by the same Act (Relation being the re unto had) may more fully appear; 'Now it is by this present act provided, declared and enacted by the

C 5.

000

Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation of the Soutk sea Company shall pay, and he obliged, by Foc' ri>ntli s: a C ind Virtue of this at (as well before as after the making any Alignment or Assignments, in Pursuance of p«y'his aisi, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the said East India Company, h,; ^: C y.

r either of them) to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the said Sum of four millions one 7 -: utndred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said Sums s; lfter the Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's Purchase; and tint the same sir II be payable by such Proportions, and at or by such respective Days or Times of Payment, as in and by this present Astare limited and appointed for the Payment thereof, and not otherwise; is to say, One full -'respective Sums so payable shall be paid on or before the Feast of tile Annunciation

of the blefl ed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand f veil bundled;: ij twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the re a fit of the Nativity of Saint 0 C

I John Eaptijl which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one jother full and equal fourth Part thereof on or before the Feast: of Saint Michael the Archangel which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and the remaiiv ng full and equal fourth Part of the said respective Sums so payable on or before the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Cnrifl which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; in full Payment and Satisfaction as well of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and [six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, as of the said several Sums to be paid after the said Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's Purchase respectively; and that the said south-sea Com And their Stock 'pany, and their Stock and Funds (except such Parts thereof as shall be assigned to the said Governor and anj arc

rr*a^e liable to

ar ft r, tr uns to ot computed at j.

o'.tl an fl, rt so, and i Yc rm urch f

7 1. St. te.

1 C <j.' ol i1 a; mcdt.

the ravmer.t*

Company of the Bank of England and East India Company, or either of them, pursuanc to this Act) and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said several Sums at or before the said respective Days [and Times by this at appointed for the Payment thereof, without any Deduction, Defalcation or abate [ment whatsoever; anything in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Default shall be made by On Default of the said south-sea Company in the Payment of all or any Part or Parcel, Parts or Parcels of the said several Payment the Sums of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Exchequer may Pence, and of the said Sums to be paid after the Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase and one &ltly

year's Purchase, or any of them, at the respective Days or Times by this Act limited for the Payment 'm thereof; then the Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Officers of the Exchequer for the Time being, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised, enjoined and required to cause the Money whereof such Default in Payment shall be made, i with Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (such Interest to be computed upon the Moneys whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, from the respectlive Days and limes on which the same ought to have been so paid, until Satisfaction of the Principal) to be stopped out of the Moneys which, weekly or otherwise, shall be payable to the said Corporation of the south-sea Company at the Exchequer for or upon their Annuities or yearly Funds (except such Parts thereof as shall be assigned or transferred to the said other Corporations, or either of them, as aforesaid) and to cause the Principal and Interest so stopped to be applied as is herein after directed in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be paid into the How the Mon!; Exchequer, as aforesaid, by the said south-sea Company, or to be stopped, as aforesaid, of or for the said Sum to be paid into of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven, L e Exchequer Pence, and the said several Sums to be computed after the said respective Rates of four Years and an half's bcallied. Purchase and one year's Purchase, or for Interest of the same, or any Part thereof, and every of them, and every Part thereof, as fast as the same shall be paid into the same Receipt, pursuant to this at, shall be applied in Manner following, (that is to say) That out of the first Moneys arising of or for the said feve rnl Sums so to be paid or stopped, every or any or them, such public Debts and Encumbrances, carrying Interest or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or more, incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, founded upon any former at or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf (not being Part of the Capital Stock or Fund of the said south-sea Company, or by them to be assigned or transferred, as aforesaid) as were redeemable on the said twenty-fifth of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, or might be redeemed at any Time or Times, on or before the twenty-fifth of December one thousand seven hundred twenty-two, shall be redeemed and paid off in the first Place: And that after the same shall be redeemed and paid off, or Money sufficient shall be reservei in the Exchequer for r deeming and paying off the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act, then all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and of the said Sums to be computed after the said several Ratek of four Years and an half's Purchase and one year's Purchase, and of the Moneys payable for Interest, as aforesaid, and of every of them, and of every Part thereof, as the same Residues and Remainders, from Time to Time, shall grow due from the said south-sea Company, and as the same shall or ought to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall from Time to Time be applied (so far as the same from Time to Time will extend) towards pajung off and discharging so much and such Parts of the Capital Stock which shall then belong to the said South sca Company, and to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to the said East India Company, and every or any of them respectively, as by the Tenor and true Meaning of this and the said former Act were to carry Annuities payable at the Exchequer after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, till! the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand f. ven hundred and twenty seven, and afterwards at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till Redemption by Parliament, and towards paying off and redeeming so much of the same Annuities which fit all th a

336 C 5. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Slat. 1. A.D. 1720.

be payable at the Exchequer in respedd of the Capital Stock which shall be so paid off and discharged; which Application of the Moneys last mentioned shall be made in Proportion to the respective Quantities of Capital Stock, which in Pursuance of this or the said former Adds shall then appear to belong to the said south-sea Company, and to the said Bank of England, and to the said east-india Company, and every of them respectively, and not otherwise; the Commissioners of thetrcnfury, or any three or more of them, and the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby directed and authorised to cause all the Moneys arising of or for the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said Sums to be paid after the said Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase, and one year's Purchase, and of or for such Interest, as aforesaid, and every of them, and every Part thereof, to be applied in the Manner and Form by this present Add prescribed touching or concerning the same, and not otherwise.

On every such

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That upon every such Payment, or reserving such Money in the ^outonal p, ut°"f Exchequer to make such Payment to the said south-sea Company, and to the said Governor and Company the Annuities f the Bank of England, and the said east india Company, 'every or any of them respectively, a propor shall cease. tional Part of the Annuities or yearly Funds then belonging to them, and every or any of them respectively, for which the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum is payable, as aforesaid, and for which so much of their Capital Stock shall be paid off, or for which Money shall be so reserved, from Time to Time, shall cease and determine; anything in this or any former at or Adds of Parliament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

<5 Geo. 1. c. 4.

XXXVIII. And whereas by Virtue of the aforesaid Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

sas ahousex certa'n Bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, then Handing out, which were therein efdimated to amount chequcv bills^f 4 to eight hundred ninety six thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds and ten Shillings, or thereabouts, in the sixth of King Principal Money, were appointed to be called or brought in, and to be changed for new Bills to be made George, forth in the Method which was thereby prescribed, and in Pursuance of the same Add several new Bills have been made forth for several Sums of Money, whereof the Principal hath not exceeded the said Sum of eight hundred ninety six thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds and ten Shillings, adding thereunto the Interefd that was due upon the old Bills, as by the said Add was directed; and by the same Add the said south-sea Company, and their Successors, or their Court of Direddors on their Behalf, were enjoined, du ring the Term of seven Years, reckoned from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptlfl one thousand seven hundred and twenty, to furnish ready Money for exchanging and circulating the new Exchequer bills which should be made forth by Virtue of that Add; and in case any other Add should be made for making forth any further Sum or Sums in Exchequer bills to be current at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of seven Years, as is therein mentioned, then the said south-sea Company, and their Successors, were by the said first mentioned Add (in Part before recited) enjoined and required du ring so much of the said Term of seven Years as the Bills to be made forth by such other Acd should have a Joint Currency with the Bills to be made forth by the said first mentioned Add) to furnish a propor tional Part or Parts of such ready Money as should be sufficient for exchanging and circulating all the Bills so current, which proportional Parts were to be ascertained and determined as by the same Add is pre feribed. And whereas by Virtue of another Add of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An (t Gee. i. C io. 4 Act for making forth new Exchequer bills, not exceeding one million, at a certain Interest, and for lending the same to the south-sea Company at an higher Interest, upon Security of repaying the same and such high In 4 terejl into the Exchequer, for Uses to which the Fund for lessening the public Debts, called the Sinking Fund,

4 is applicable, and for circulating and exchanging upon Demand, the said Bills at or near the Exchequer, several other new Exchequer bills, amounting to one million in Principal Moneys, were made forth for the Purpose in that Add mentioned; and by the same last mentioned Add the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are enjoined and required (so long as the Exchequer bills, made forth by Virtue of that Add, should have a Joint Currency, or be current at the same Times with the Bills to be made forth by Virtue of the said first mentioned Add) to furnish out of the Moneys of the Fund or Security herein after mentioned, or out of Loans to be made there upon, a proportional Part of the ready Money which should be sufficient for exchanging and circulating all the Bills which Should be jointly current; which proportional Part so to be furmlhed on Behalf of the Public, was thereby prescribed to be so much as, together with a proportional Part which, from Time to Time, should or ought to be furnished by the said south-sea Company, should be sufficient to support the Currency of all the said Bills; and by the Add last mentioned, the Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, then remaining in the Exchequer, and in the same Add particularly specified, and the Moneys which ( from and after the appiics tion of a certain Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds therein also particularly specified) Should arise of or for the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplusses, commonly called the Sinking Fund, therein also mentioned, are declared and enacted to be a Fund or Security for furnishing such Proportions of ready Money as are last before mentioned, for or towards exchanging and circulating all the said Exchequer bills,

during their joint Currency. And whereas in and by the Acd last in Part before recited, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury were empowered to issue or cause to be issued by way of Loan or Ad 4 vance the said Bills not exceeding one million to the south-sea Company, the same Corporation giving Secu rity upon their Annuity or yearly Fund for Repayment of the Principal Sum solent, with Interest, within such Time as by that Add was limited; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, and High I reasurer for the Time being, are by that Acd directed and required to take especial Care that upon Repayment of the Principal Moneys so to be lent, the same, with the Interest or Increase accruing thereupon, Should be received and applied in the first Place to the paying off and discharging the said Exchequer bills for one million;

337

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. C 5,

5 and that the Surplus thereof, after paying ostend discharging the same Bills, should be placed at the Receipt of Exchequer to and for the same Uses to which the Moneys of the surplitltes, Excesses and Overplusses,

commonly called the Sinking Fund, are applicable; and that the said south-sea Company shall make just Account of the Principal so borrowed, and the Interest and Increase thereof, and of the Repayment of the same Principal, with the said Interest or Increase thereof, into the Exchequer in Manner, as aforesaid;

and in Default of paying the said Moneys, with the said Interest or Increase thereof, then the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, were thereby authorised and required to cause the Moneys solent to be stopped out of the Moneys which weekly or other wise Should be payable to the south-sea Company at the Exchequer, for or upon their Annuities or yearly Fund, together with so much more as the Interest of the said Moneys so unpaid shall amount unto, and to cause the Principal and Interest so stopped, to be applied and placed in the Exchequer, as aforesaid; by the said several Adds (herein before in Part recited) Relation being thereunto severally had, doth more fully appear. And whereas the said Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, since the making of the Add last before in Part recited, is completely satisfied, or sufficient Money is reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, and pursuant to the same Add, the said Exchequer bills, amounting to one million, were on the seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty (as by a Certificate signctl by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer doth appear) ift ued by way of Loan or Advance to the said south-sea Company, upon a Security under their Common Seal, by an Instrument or Wiping, hearing Date the fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, for Repayment of the same in good, and lawful Money of Great Britain into the Exchequer at Westminster at the End of one Year, to be j 4 reckoned from the Time of issuing the said Bills, with Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum, .4 per Annum, as by the same Instrument or Writing, Relation being thereunto had, may also appear Nov to the End that all the Exchequer bills for the said Sum of one million, and the Interest thereof, may effectually be discharged out of the Moneys to be repaid by the same Company, with the Interest thereof as aforesaid, at or before the Time herein after limited in that Behalf, whereby the said Joint Currency may cease, and the Public may be eased of the Burden and Charge of contributing thereunto; and to the End the said Excesses, Surpluses and Overplus Moneys, called the Sinking Fund, and other the public Moneys aforesaid, after their being freed from the Encumbrance of the Exchequer bills last mentioned, may beat Liberty to be applied towards lessening or reducing the public Debts and Encumbrances, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act; It is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority south-sea corri aforesaid, That the said Corporation, called the south-sea Company, or their Successors, at their own Costs paiiy shill repay and Charges, on or before the seventh Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand into the exche seven hundred twenty-two (although any Alignment or Alignments before that Time shall or shall not'!u4r y 7 'uni have been made to the said other Companies, or either of them, in Pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid) shall J coo cool, well and truly repay or cause to be repaid into the said Receipt of Exchequer the said Sum of one million, with interest, together with Interest then due for the same; and that upon such Repayment the Moneys so repaid, with the Interest or Increase accruing thereupon, shall be applied in the fist Place to the paying oft and discharg to be applied to ing the said Exchequer bills amounting to one million, with such Interest as shall be due thereupon; and paying oft the that the Surplus thereof, after paying off and discharging the Bills last mentioned, shall be placed and appachequer plied to the same Uses to which the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund are to be applied; and that an ac &c' count of the Moneys so borrowed and repaid, and of the Interest thereof, shall be made, as 'by the said former Act was prescribed; and in Default of repaying the said Sum of one million, with the Interest or In in Default then crease thereof, according to this Act, then the Annuity and Annuities which shall be then payable at the Annuities may Receipt of the Exchequer to the said south-sea Company (except so much thereof as in the mean time shall be stopu of may have been aligned or transferred to the said other Companies, or either of them, as aforesaid) shall and may be stopped by the Commifiorters of the Treasury, or any three of them, or by the High Treasurer for the Time being, or by the Officers of the Exchequer for the Time being; and the said Exchequer bills amounting to one million shall and maybe called in and cancelled by and with the Moneys so stopped, in the Manner prescribed by the said former Act in that Behalf.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after discharging the said Exchfir After difehsr; ques bills amounting to one million, with all the Interest which shall be due thereupon, and after paying ins those Bit s, off such public Debts and Encumbrances carrying Interest or Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per &4'

Centum per Annum, or any higher Interest or Annuity founded upon any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, as may be redeemed before the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand Even hundred and twenty seven, or reserving Money sufficient in the Exchequer for those Purposes; Then Then all the all the Moneys of the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds Sinking funj, four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of the said Surplusses, excesses and Overplus Moneys, come monly called the Sinking Fund, which then shall or ought to remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and ph !jyps all the said Overplus (if any be) of the said Interest moneys, which shall be paid by the said south-sea of^he Capital Company for the said million lent as aforesaid, shall immediately, or as soon as the Moneys then resting of Stock of the the said Sinking Fund can be computed, shall be applied (so far as the same will extend) towards paying three compa off and discharging so much and such Parts of the Capital Stock, which shall then belong to the said South nies Y

Company, and to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to the said eq/l india c4" jrj)jjsx' Company, and to every or any of them rc spectively, as by the Tenor and true Meaning of this and the L ^., " former Act in that Behalf are to carry Annuities payable at the Exchequer, after the Rate of five Pounds x6 Gi?. 2. C 12. per Centum per Annum, till the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and af 3 xg^.o. c. 1, terwards at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till Redemption by Parliament, and towards a paying off and redeeming so much of the same Annuities which shall then be payable at the Exchequer, in J7'°' 3* f 1.

C 6, 7. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1720.

AH the Moneys ct the Sinking Fund before 24

respect of the Capital Stock which shall be so paid off and discharged; which Application of the Moneys last mentioned shall be made in Proportion to the respective Quantities of Capital Stock, which in pursuance of this and the said former Acts sin all then appear to belong to the said South Sea Company, and to the said Bank of England, and to the said East India Company, and every of them respectively, and not otherwise.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys of the said Sur ^, V *p'ufl-es» Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, which after the Application of June 1720^(hill so much thereof as is in and by this Add before directed to be applied or reserved as aforesaid, hall arise and he applied by be brought into the Exchequer, at any Time or Times before the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the

even Sums of Bapiift which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, shall and may be

<r0fcha00; n fpfrt at the End of every Year, so far as the same will from Time to Time extend, by even Sums of one

of thecapftafr hundred thousand Pounds at a Time for or towards paying off and discharging Part of the said Capital Stock of the said Stocks of the said south-sea Company, and of the Bank of England, and of the said east india Company Companies, respectively, in Proportion to the respective Quantities of the said Stock, which shall then belong to those Corporations respectively; and upon every Payment to be made in Pursuance of this Act to the said south and thereupon a gea Company, and to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to the said East india otheir1tnnuirt Company, and every or any of them respectively, of any Part of their laid Capital Stock, a proportional ties shallceafe." Fart of their Annuities or yearly Funds, payable at the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for so much of the said Capital Stock as shall be so paid off from Time to Time, shall cease and determiner And the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, and the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby directed and authorised to cause the Moneys of the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplusses, called the Sinking Fund, and the said Overplus of the said Interest moneys, to be applied for or towards paying off the said public Debts and Encumbrances, and for or towards paying off the said Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company, and (in case of such Alignment or Alignments as aforesaid) of the said Capital Stock of the said other Companies, and reducing a proportional Part of their Annuities or yearly Funds, as this act.directs; any former Law or Statute, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tart her Prowl

jior.s concerning south-sea Company 7 Geo. I.

stat. 2, 3 Geo.

I. C 21 (Z? 22.

9 Geo. 1. c. 6.

I Geo. 2. C

2. C 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3.

8. 3 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20. 4 Geo. 2. c. 5.

24 Geo. 2. c. 2 & I 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

5 Geo.

17. 6 Geo. 2. c. 25 & 28, 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34, 10 Get,

proviso for pay

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter Provision shall ing of)*and dif be made by Authority of Parliament, in the lawful Coins of this Realm, placed in the Exchequer, for pay chucrfbi nse* ant discharging the said Exchequer bills for the said Sum of one million, the Bills themselves which'C equer 1 s. jjla|] paid off, or for which such coined Moneys shall be reserved in the Exchequer, as is prescribed in <5 Geo. 1. C io. the Add (last in Part before recited) shall be discharged therewith and cancelled, as is thereby directed: And if before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, or before the End of the Session of Parliament then next ensuing, coined Moneys shall not be raised and brought into the Exchequer for discharging the Bills last mentioned; then all or any of the Moneys which shall then remain in the Exchequer, of the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny (if any such be) and aft the Moneys which from and after such Session of Parliament shall Quarterly arise of or for the said Surplusses and Overplus Moneys, called the Sinking Fund, or otherwise, as is mentioned in the Act last in Part before recited, shall be applied for or towards discharging the said Exchequer bills amounting to one million, till they shall be aft completely paid off and cancelled in the Manner and Form by the same Act prescribed and intended; this present Act, or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, llained or dyed Calicoes in Apparel, Household Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two (except as therein is excepted.)

tn&fnt. 3.*1 WHEREAS it is most evident, That the wearing and using of printed, painted, stained and dyed r. 3. is&fi2 C W Calicoes in Apparel, Household Stuff, Furniture, and otherwise, does manifestly tend to the great W. r. 10. £ Detriment of the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the excessive Increase of the

'r e'Poor, and if not effectually prevented, may be the utter Ruin and Destruction of the said Manufactures,

xam'.c'. 4." 5 and of many thousands of your majesty's Subjects and their Families, whole Livelihoods do entirely de

je&.i'. 5 pend thereupon: 'For Remedy thereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be en

ao Atm. C. 9. acted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

3 Lords

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. C

"'A OJ7

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi^present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord After 25 Do

Britain for every such Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof by the Oath or Oaths of one or more ere Cullico. un dible Witness or Witnesses before any one or more Juffiee or Justices of the Peace; which Justice or Justices d r 'he Penalty is and are hereby respectively authorised and ftridfly enjoined and required, upon any Complaint or Infor f 51- ">'hc initiation upon Oath exhibited or brought of any such Offence committed, contrary to this at, within six vl^on'before'a* Days after Commitment thereof, to summon the Party accused, and upon his or her Appearance or Con jniicr, and tempt to proceed to Examination of the Matter of fat, and upon due Proof made thereof either by volun Complains with tary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which ir Q Days af oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to admi ^tncecom* nifler) to hear and determine the same, and upon such Conviction to cause the said Penalty, by Warrant un rnlue der his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals respectively, to be levied by Distreis and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering to the Party the Overplus (the Charge of such Distress and Sale being first deducted;,) nevertheless it shall be lawful for any Party aggrieved to appeal to the Justices of the Appeal to Sef peace at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, City, Riding or Place where "hojp the said Offence or Offences shall have been committed, giving six Days Notice at the least of such Appeal '5

to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors; which Justices at such General Quarter sessions are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the same, and their Judgement therein shall be final.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mercer, Draper, Upholder, or After the said any other Person or Persons or Corporation whatsoever, shall at any Time or Times after the said twenty 25 Dec. Mercer, fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two fell, utter or expose to Sale any printed, ^nkd'&c painted, Rained or dyed Callico, or any Bed, Chair, Cushion, Window curtain or other Household Stuff j; ", or any Bed, or Furniture whatsoever, made up of or mixed with any printed, painted, stained or dyed Callico, unless &c.'made ihere for Exportation thereof, and unless the same shall be cleared outwards accordingly, as is usual in case of of, unless for Sale for Exportation; every such Personhar Corporation so offending shall for every Offence, being lawfully Exportation, convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be re la 'orle, t: l0 covered as is herein after directed; and every Steward or other Officer of such Corporation, or his de nd puty, offending herein, and being lawfully convicted of such Offence, shall, over and besides the Forfeiture

or Penalty aforesaid, forfeit and lofc his Office and Employment and bs incapable to hold the same. moreover iofo

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day his Office, of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons No fuel) Callico to use or wear in Great Britain, in or about any Bed, Chair, Cushion, Window curtain or any other Sort tobeufedin any of Household Stuff or Furniture, any printed, painted. Rained or dyed Callico (except as herein after is ex Bed, Chair, C cepted) under the Penalty of forfeiting (being thereof lawfully convicted) the Sum of twenty Pounds of on Fam of 20l. lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary) Penalties How the forfci and Forfeitures imposed by this at, where the same shall exceed five Pounds, shall be to the Informer or turesfliaiibcap prosecutor, and the other Moiety) to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed: and such Penalties as are not herein direhed to be otherwise recovered, shall be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his majery's Courts of Record at Westminster, far Offences committed in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or in his majery's Court of Session, Court of juriciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain, together with full cors of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; and that in any such Action or Suit no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear, that any Person convicted of any^may taten Offence againr this Act shall be flickered or protected, or doth or shall reside or inhabit in any pretended out of any pre privilege Place whatsoever, every such Offender shall and may be taken from thence by Warrant under the tended Privilege

plied and reco vered.

Persons convict

shall be by any such Justice, Lord of Session, Judge or Baron committed to the Common Gaol of the Lnrds of Session, County or Place where the Offence was committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, till Paye in Scotland, ment and Satisfaction of all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, with full cors. tocnrnmon'c^ol

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any tiu Payment of

Thing therein contained, shall not extend or be construeo to extend in any wise to any cal icoes which ihe Forfeitures, have already been, or which before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and Not to extern to twenty-two shall be made up or used in any Bed, Chair, Cushion, Window curtain or other Sort of Caliicoes made Household Stuff or Furniture: Provided the same be continued lo he worn and used in such Household Stuff "P in anr 3ed> or Furniture, and not otherwise. C before Dec.

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conrrued to extend to repeal, tver to re'r, j

make void or alter any Law now in Force for prohibiting Caliicoes printed, painted, dyed or Rained in foc. anyl?.wvcr reign Parts, or for prohibiting any other Goods or Manufactures whatsoever, prohibi ingca'h

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons and coesprum d la Bodies Corporate who shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred furclsn Barts, and twenty-two, export any Caliicoes, shall be entitled to and have such and the same Allowances and Ad b*p«rtcrsrf1

vantages

340 C 8 — 10. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. i. A.D. 1720.

t't'ed to the same vantages upon the Exportation thereof, as fully as if the same had been exported within twelve Months Allowances as it after t[le Importation thereof; any Law, Usage or Custora to the contrary notwithstanding. exported m 12 JX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for anything done or to be done, in Pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance; or if a Verdictpafs against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants ball have treble Cods, and shall have the like remejy for the same, as in any Case where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prohibition of Calicoes intended by this Act, and the Penalties thereby inflicted for wearing or using printed, painted, stained or dyed Callico in Apparel, Household Stuff or Furniture, after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, contrary to this Act, shall respectively extend to prohibit, and shall be levied and re stuffmade of or covered for wearing or using in Apparel, Household Stuff or Furniture, after the Laid twenty-fifth Day of mixed with Cot December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, any Stuff made of Cotton or mixed therewith, which tonne printed, etc j f, e ptinted or painted with any Colour or Colours, or any Callico chequered or flriped, or any Cal

[General Issue.]

Months after Importation.

[Treble Costs.]

The lice Penalties for wearing. or using in Apparel or Household Stuff any

cu ln lico ffitched or flowered in foreign Parts with any Colour or Colours, or with coloured Flowers made there Amendediy (Muslins, Neckcloths and Fuffians excepted) in such Manner as the Penalties inflicted by this Act for

9gc0.2. C 4> wearing or using printed, painted, stained or dyed Callico in Apparel, Household Stuff or Furniture after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, contrary to this Act, are to be levied or recovered; but under such Limitations, and with such Liberties, Privileges and Advantages as are mentioned and expressed in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating thereto, or relating to printed, painted, stained or dyed Calicoes.

XI. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to such calli jvot to extend to n it i 11 nil

Calicoes dyed Coes as be dyed all bue

oil blue. See farther 10 Geo. 1. c. 11. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31.

CAP. VIII.

3 Geo. rt C 35,

An Act for enlarging the Time for making the River Kennct navigable from. Reading to Newbury in the County of Berks.

PR.

The Time for making the Kennel navigable enlarged from June 1721, to June 1, 1723, with all the Powers, C in the recited Act. If the Undertakers shall not have finished their Undertaking by June t, 1723, the Commissioners may appoint others, who shall have the same Powers, idfe. and the Powers, cof the former Undertakers to cease. The Undertakers to make the River navigable from the Wharf in Reading to the Hospital in Newbury.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex.

PR.

No new Walls, Banks, fs?c. shall be setup to hinder the Flux and Reflux of the Sea, between the Mouth of Rye Harbour and New Shut near Craven Sluce. Such new erected Walls, C declared publick nu fances, and may be prosecuted as such. Action shall be laid in the County where the Matter arises, and Defendant may plead the General Blue, C

CAP. X

An Act for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham bridge to tjfnsford bridce in the County of Chester.

PR.

Undertakers and Trustees appointed for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham bridge to Winj forcl bridge. Powers given to the Undertakers. Undertakers to give Satisfaction to the Owners of Lanasj Mills, Of. Commissioners appointed for determining Differences between the Undertakers and Proprietors or Occupiers of Lands, Wears, Mills, Of. Persons dissatisfied with the Determination of the of, or declining such Mediation, or who, on convenient Notice, shall refuse to treat with the Undertakers, or shall not, or cannot agree, the Commissioners shall issue their Warrant for the Impanelling of a Jury, to the Sheriff or Coroners of Chejle>\ who shall return a Jury accordingly, on Forfeiture of 50l. Commissioners may summon Witnesses, and order the Jury to view the Places in Question. Juries to inquire of and assess Damages. Commissioners to give Judgement for the Sums so assessed. None shall act as a Commissioner who has not 100 I. per Annum, or is any ways concerned. Undertakers may demand 1 s. 3 el. per Tun for all Goods, dc. carried on the River, till the Charges of making it navigable be satisfied; after 1 r, only per Tun. Masters of Boats, sv. answerable for any Mischief done by their Boats or Crew. Owners, ise. of Lands may use Pleasure boats without paying any Duty. The River shall be free for all the King's Subjects, paying the Duty. Saving of ail Royalties of Fishing and Fowling. Manure, e. not to pay Duties. Undertakers may make ivittm brook navigable, so as they do not Prejudice tvition milu. Commissioners to meet yearly to take and examine the Undertakers Accounts, and their Allowance shall be a sufficient Discharge. "After the Work shall be finished, and all Payment satisfied, the Produce of the Duties to be employed in repairing publick Bridges, C So much of the clear Produce as Justices in Session shall think fit, shall be employed in mending the Highways near the River. The Surplus to be employed See 7 Geo. 2. in amending the Highways in the County. Number of Undertakers, in case of Death, C to be supplied

zs. by the Commissioners. Undertakers not having made the River navigable inten Years, from June 24,

172!, the Commissioners may appoint others.

4

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis) Stat. r. C ir,

1 2,

CAP. XI.

An Act for finishing aid adorning the new Channel, called Saint George s Chapel, in Great Yarmouth in the I County of Norfolk, and for enlightening the Streets of the said Town, by a Duty or Imposition on Coals,

Culm and Cinders to be landed and consumed there.

PR.

Saint George's Chapel in Yarmouth shall be completed. Lights placed in the Town, and such Provision made for the Ministers, as the Mayor, &c. shall diret. Ministers to be licensed by the Bishop of Norwich, uid nominated by the Mayor, &c. After at March 1721, a Duty of 2 s. per Chalder for all Coals, &c. unladed at Yarmouth, shall be paid by the Mailer of the Vessel to such Persons as the Mayor, &c. shall diret, for the Space of 5 Years; and fr&m thence 1 /. per Chalder forever. The Mayor, £sy. may nominate Collectors, and remove them at Pleasure. Coals, &c. landed at Yarmouth, and afterwards carried into Norfolk, Suffolk, or the City of Nanzvich, Collector shall repay the Dunes. Collectors to pay 1 j. d. per Chalder of Cinders made of Coals that have paid the Duty. The Money borrowed to be applied to the lufes in the AT. After the Money borrowed is repaid, the Mayor, &c. shall apply the Overplus for the ipublick Benefit of the Town. The Town of Yarmouth shall continue but one Parish, and the Churchwardens to have the same Powers relating to the new Chapel as to the Parish church. The Mayor, &c.

[may allow a Drawback for Coals used in making of Salt. After 25 March 1721, the AT 12 Ann. Stat. 2.

11. 1. a private AT, shall cease.

CAP. XII.

An Act for employing the Manufacturers and encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, by prohibiting the Wearing of Buttons and button" holes made of Cloth, Serge or other Stuffs.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eighth year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, g Ann. C. 5.

VI. intituled, An Act for employing the Man fadurers by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, suggesting the rein, amongst other Things, That the Maintenance of many thousands of 'men, Women and Children within this Kingdom o f Great Britain depends upon the making of Silk, Mohair Yarn and Thread Buttons and button holes with the Needle; and that great Numbers ofthrow Hers, Twifters, Spinners, Winders, Dyers and others are iniployed in preparing Materials of which such Buttons and button holes are made; It was provided, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten no Buttons or button hc.les made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget,

Prize, Camblet or any other Stuffs, should be made, fetor bound on any Clothes or wearing Garments whatsoever, by any Taylor or other Person or Persons whatsoever, on the Forfeitures and Penalties in the said Act contained: And whereas for making the said recited Act more effetua), another AT was made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the Geo. 1. C 7.

eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for employing the manufactureers by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn: And whereas the said several ats have not effetually anfv/ered the good Ends thereby proposed, and Buttons and button holes made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Frizes, Camblet and other the said Stuffs, are still usually made, set and bound on Clothes and wearing Garments, to the great Impoverishment of the said manufactureers of needlework Buttons and button holes, and other the said Persons employed in preparing the Materials thereof, and to the exeeffive Increase of the Poor, and, if not prevented, may be the utter Ruin of the said mamifatu rers and many thousands of your majesty's subjects and their Families, whole Livelihoods do entirely de pend thereupon For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be en 4&1 M, nated; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au -3-02. thority of the same, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September which shall be in After z9 Sept, the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or 1722, no Person Persons whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to use or wear on any Clothes, Garments or al wear on any Apparel whatsoever any Buttons or button holes made of or bound with Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Frize, ^"dvof cvb5 Camblet, or any Stuffs whereof Clothes or wearing Garments are usually made; and that if any Person or onpenaltyof Persons whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall use or wear any Buttons or buttorr holes 40s. perdozen. made of or bound with Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Frize, Camblet or other Stuffs as aforesaid, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convited by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party, in Manner as is herein after mentioned, shall forfeit for every Dozen of such Buttons or button holes soused or worn the Sum of forty Shillings, or in Proportion for every lesser Quantity of such Buttons and Button holes; to be recovered and distributed as herein after is provided.

II. And for the more easy convition of Offenders against this Act, and for the more easy Recovery of Conviction be the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, ", ce 0 ence' Town or Place where any Offence shall be committed against: this Act, or where such Offender shall inhabit, and such Justice or Justices are hereby required and enjoined, upon any Complaint or Information upon the Oath of one or more credible Person or Persons (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) to summon the Party or Parties aecufed, and upon his, her or their Appearance or Contempt to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of pat, and upon due Proof made, either by the Confession of the Party, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Person

342 C 23.

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. A.D. 1720.

Penalties to be levied by Distress.

One Moiety to the Informer, the other to the Poor.

Appeal to ouar ter sessions, whose Judgement shall be final.

Prosecution in one Month.

Not to extend to Clothes of Velvet.

General Issue, C

[Public Act.]

Treble Costs,

or Persons, of any Offence committed contrary to this Act, to determine the same, and convict the Offender or Offenders thereof; and upon Conviction to cause the said Penalties or Forfeitures, upon the Offender or Offenders refusing to pay the same on Demand, at such Time or Times as the Paid Justice or Justices shall appoint, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress. and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering to him, her or them the Overplus, if anyshall be, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducted; and all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures under this at shall be distributed and paid in Manner following, (that is to say) one Moiety thereof to him, her or them, on whdfe Oath or Oaths any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence or Offences shall be committed.

III. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Party or Parties aggrieved by the Order, Determination or Warrant of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to appeal to the justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Riding, City or Place where the said Offence or Offences shall have been committed, giving eight Days Notice at the least of such Appeal to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors; which Justices at the said Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the same, and their Judgement therein shall be final.

IV. Provided also, That all Offences against this Act shall be prosecuted within one Month after such Offence committed, and not after.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Clothes or wearing Apparel made of Velvet.

VI. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or a Verdict to pass against him or her, or Judgement up 11 Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to lie a puhiiek Act in all Courts within this Kingdom of Great Britain, and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special Pleading the same.

All Contracts between Journeymen Tailors, in London and Westminster> for advancing their Wages, or iel i'ening their Hours of Work, declared illegal and void.

Taylnrs ending into such a?rr.e ment after 1 May 172lo be committed to the House of correction or Gaol, for two Months without Bail,

Hours of Work and Wages appointed,

CAP. XIII.

An act for regulating the Journeymen Tailors within the weekly Bills of Mortality.

WHEREAS great Numbers of Journeymen Tailors, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and others, who have served Apprenticeships, or been brought up in the Art or Mystery 1of a Taylor, have lately departed from their Services without just Cause, and have entered into Combinations to advance their Wages to unreasonable Prices, and ieft en their usual Hours of Work, which is of evil Example, and manifestly tends to the Prejudice of Trade, to the Encouragement of Idleness, and to the great Increase of the Poor For Remedy thereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Contrasts, Covenants or Agreements in Writing, or not in Writing, heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Persons brought up in, or professing, using or exercising the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, in making up Mens or Womens Work, in the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, for advancing their Wages, or for leltening their usual Hours of Work, shall be, and are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void to all Intents and Purposes; further, that if any Taylor, Journeyman Taylor, or other Person brought up in, or professing, using or exercising the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, within the Limits aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, keep up, continue, aft in, make, enter into, sign, seal, or be knowingly interested or concerned in any Contrast, Covenant or Agreement, by this Act declared to be illegal, null and void; every Person or Persons so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any two Justices of the Peace in their Jurisdictions within the Limits aforesaid, upon any information exhibited, or Prosecution, within three Months after the Offence committed, (which Oaths the said Justices are hereby empowered 'and required to administer) every such Offender shall, by Order of such Justices, at their Discretion be committed either to the House of Correction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, or to the Common Gaol, as they shall see Cause, there to remain without Bail or "Mainprize for any Time not exceeding two Months.

II. And for declaring, limiting and appointing the Hours of Work, and Wages for Journeymen Tailors, Servants, and Apprentices to Tailors, within the Limits aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, the Hours! of Work for all Journeymen Tailors, Servants and Apprentices to Tailors, and other Persons employed or) to be employed, or retained as Tailors, in making up Mens or Womens Work, or such Servants or Apprentices within the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be from six of the Clock in the Morning until eight of the Clock at Night; excepting only] that there shall be allowed by the Master one Penny halfpenny a Day for Breakfast, and one Flour foi Dinner, in the Time aforesaid; and for the said Time or Hours of Work aforesaid there shall be paid unto

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. C 13. 343

every Journeyman Taylor, or other Person employed, or to be employed or retained as a Journeyman Taylor, for his Work, during the Hours aforesaid, the Wages and Sums following, (that is to say) from the five and twentieth Day of March to the four and twentieth Day of yl.v, any Sum not exceeding two 'shillings per Diem, and for the rest of the Year one Shilling and eight Pence per Diem.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Taylor or Tailors, or t^yicrj omi:! other Person or Persons adding as such, or carrying on, using or exercising the Art or Mystery of a Taylor

within the Limits aforesaid, shall hire, retain or 'employ any Journeyman or other Person, not being an

Apprentice, he, she or they so hiring, retaining or employing any such Journeyman or other Person aforesaid, (Apprentices excepted) shall, and they are hereby obliged and required to pay them after the Rate aforesaid, 'for the full Time for which he, she or they so hire, retain or employ them, or agree so to do.

IV. And for more easy recovering the said Wages, It shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace Wages to fcs within the Limits aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Complaint made for that recovered by Purpose, to summon before them the Party or Parties offending, and for Nonpayment of such Wages, or ^mr^vhercof

: sufficient Satisfaction given for the same to the Party or Parties aggrieved, to blue their Warrant or War the Hjrtv to "be rants for levying such Wages due, as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering the committed till' Overplus to the Owner; and for want of sufficient Distress to commit the Party or Parties offending to the s stir faction Common Gaol, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprise, until he, she or they shall pay or give satis fnbtion to the Party for the same.

V. And in regard it may be reasonable upon some Occasions to alter the Wages and Hours of Work qii mer scflijns' aforesaid, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Juf a?wa^ld tices of the Peace in their respective Jiirifdibtions within the Limits aforesaid, 'at their General Quarter Hours of Work Sessions, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Application to be made to them for that Pur according to cir pose, to take into their Consideration the Plenty or Scarcity of the Time, and other Circurriflances necessa cumitances of rily to be confulered, and to alter the Wages, and Hours of work aforesaid, and to order and appoint what plenty or Scar wages and Allowances shall be paid or made to Journeymen Tailors, and Servants, retained or employed, CV cor to be retained or employed, in the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, and what Hours they shall work, and shall make such Alterations therein, from Time to Time, as such Justices at any such General Sessions shall think fit, upon Application to be made to them for that Purpose, and such Justices shall, within the Space of fourteen Days next after such General Sessions, cause such Rates and Alterations, from Time to Time, to be printed, published and made known, in such Manner as Such Alterations to them shall seem meet, at the reasonable ifxpence of any Person or Persons desiring the same; and from to be printed and after Publication thereof, all Tailors, and their Journeymen and Servants, within the Limits aforesaid, ant published; are hereby ftribtly required to observe the same, upon Pain of Imprisonment by such Justices, for any Time °haljiv, 'dnce not exceeding two Months, being lawfully convicted of such Offence, after Knowledge or Information of pa°n'"stewo any such Rates or Alterations thereof to be made, as aforesaid, upon any Prosecution to be commenced Months impri within six Days after the Offence committed. fomnenr.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person actually retained or employed Journeyman

as a Journeyman taylor, or Servant, in the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, as aforesaid, within the Limits Taylor depart aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times afrer the first Day of My one thousand seven hundred and twenty s" fv^rc°j'v*e one, depart from his Service before the End of the Term or Time for which he is or shall be hired or re the End of the tined, or until the Work, for which he was hired or retained, shall be finished, or not being retained or Term, or the Employed, shall refuse to enter into Work or Employment (after Request made for that Purpose by any work finished, Master Taylor, for the Wages and Hours limited, or to be limited and appointed, as aforesaid) unless it be orrefufing to far some reasonable or sufficient Cause, to be allowed by two Justices of the Peace within the Limits afore j^btfont to"' said; in every such Case every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, as aforesaid, shall, Hoofs of he sent to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Correction for Months. two Months.

VII. And for more effectual preventing the Mischiefs and Inconveniences which may happen by Non Tailors all.w

observance of this Act, or by seducing or enticing any of the Journeymen Tailors, or Servants aforesaid, ing greater wa from one Master to another; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Taylor or other Per J "ur'

fan professing, using or exercising the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, ja

or any other Person aforesaid, Hi all at any Time after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, give, allow or pay any more or greater Wages than as aforesaid, for the Hours of Work aforesaid, to any Servant or Journeyman, in Money, or otherwise, contrary to the Intent of this Act, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convibred upon any Prosecution commenced within three Months Journeymen after the Offence committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be to i4lr|g greater the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence tjtheshouse of shall be committed; and every such Servant or Journeyman taking more or greater Wages than as afore Correction for said, for the Hours of Work aforesaid, being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall be sent to the House of two Months. Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months; and all Retainers, Retainers con promises, Obligations, or Securities, for any Wages, Pay or Allowances, contrary to this Act, shall be trat tlmaa» null and void."

VIII. Provided, That this Act or anything therein contained, shall not extend to hinder the paying or

receiving any more or other Wages or Allowances, which shall be agreed upon, for working before or af g^eate7wages° ter the Hours of Work limited or appointed, or to be limited or appointed as aforesaid. for working ba

IX. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person aggrieved by any Order or Orders to foreor after the

be made by any two or more Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace huurs 'united.

eitembled at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the City, Division, Panin or Place where )pp ai

such fruar tei sei

344

fions, who shall finally determine, and may award Colls. Persons suffering by this Act shall not be otherwise punished,

See S Geo. i. f. 10. and 23 Geo. 2. c. 39.

0. 14, -17. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. A.D. 1720.

1

such Order shall! be made, giving six Days Notice of such Appeal; and such Justices in Inch General Quarter sessions, shall finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Costs to either Party, as to them shall seem just.

X Provided also, That any Person convicted of any Offence against this Act, and who shall suffer for the same accordingly, shall not be otherwise punished, or suffer for such Offence by Authority of any Law now in Force.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing the Duties granted by several Acts made in the sixth and tenth Years of her late majesty's Reign, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett in the County of Somerset.

PR.

The Duties payable by the private Acts 6 Ann. C 8. and io Ann. C 24. continued for 21 Years longer. This Act shall not make void the Duties payable by the said Act for repairing the Key, after the Expiration of the 21 Years thereby granted.

CAP. XY.

An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Invell navigable from Liverpoolc to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

Undertakers appointed for making the Rivers Mercy and Invell navigable from Liverpoolc to Manchester. Undertakers may scour, enlarge or streighten the Rivers, make new Cuts, &c. take away Trees, &c.' Build Bridges, Sluices, &c. and alter the same; may alter Bridges, turn Highways, pull down Mills, Wears, &c. may make Towing Paths, &c. First giving Satisfaction to the Owners. Commissioners appointed for determining Differences between the Undertakers and Proprietors. Undertakers or others dissatisfied with their Determination, or Persons on Notice given neglecting to treat, or who through any Disability cannot, or by Absence, except in attending the Parliament, Commissioners shall issue their Warrant to the Sheriff of the County, for impanelling a Jury. Jury to inquire of and assess Damages. Commissioners to give Judgement for the Sums so assessed. Commissioners not to act if concerned, or have not 1001, per Annum. Undertakers shall not raise the Water so as to hinder the Wo king of Corn Mills, &c. Coals, &c. to pay a Duty not exceeding 3 s. 4 CL per Tun. Commissioners dying or refusing to add, any thirteen of the Survivors may appoint others. Boat Master, &c. answerable for Damages done by his Boat or Crew. The said Rivers shall be esteemed navigable from Liverpoole to Manchester, and free for all the King's Subjects, paying the Duties, Owners of adjoining Lands may use Pleasure boats. Locks shall be opened on Demand for Pleasure boats, &c.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better preserving and keeping in Repair the Piers of the Town and Port of iiaoitby in the County of York; and for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts passed for lengthening and repairing the Piers of Bridlington alias Burlington in the said County.

PR.

After 1 May 1723. the Duties mentioned in the private Adds 1 Ann. Stat. 1. C 19. and 7 Ann. C 1. shall he paid to the Trustees, forever, for preserving Whitby Piers in Repairs, viz. For every Chalder of Coals, sixpence. And for every Weigh of Salt landed at Whitby, two Shillings. And for every v^uarter of Malt, Corn and Grain, fourpence, And for all foreign Goods imported in English Bottoms, threepence per Tun. And all foreign Bottoms importing such Goods, sixpence per 1 un. And for all Butter slipped off' from Whitby, one Penny per Firkin. For Dried Fish and Mud Fish slipped off from Whitby, one Penny per Score. For Barrelled Fish per Barrel threepence. For every Engliflo Ship which shall enter within the Piers, one Shilling; and for every Top of such Ship, fourpence. And all foreign Ships two Shillings; and for every Top, fourpence. Trustees may appoint Collectors, and allow them a Salary, not exceeding 12 CL in the Pound. Money colledded to be employed in repairing the Piers, &c. On extraordinary occasions, Trustees may mortgage the Duties, and the Money borrowed to be employed in repairing the Piers. Trustees dying or refusing to act, the Survivors may cleft others. Not above ten Trustees at a Time, and the Lord of the Manor to be one. Throwing Ballast, &c. into the Harbour, Trustees may Fine the Offenders not exceeding 40 s. The Trustees of 3 Geo. j. C 10, for putting in Execution the Acts forlength ning and repairing the Piers of Burlington, may sell the Duties, or grant any Annuity out of them, for the Residue of the Term, (subject to the Repayment of 5300l. already borrowed) and the Money arising by such Sale or Grant, to be applied towards finishing the Piers.

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making navigable the River Dane from Northwich, where it joins to the River Weaver, to the falling in of Wheelock brook, and tvbselock brook up to jvheelock bridge in the County of Chester.

PR.

Undertakers and Trustees appointed for making the River Daven and Wheeled. Brook navigable from north ivich to ivloeelock Bridge. Undertakers may clear, enlarge, &c. the River, and make new Cuts, &c. in any Persons. Grounds. First giving Satisfaction to the Owners. Commissioners appointed for settlingdifferen! ces between the Undertakers and Proprietors. Undertakers or others dissatisfied with such Determination,

or

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. r.

C 18 — 20.

r Persons having ten Days Notice, and refusing to treat with the Undertakers, or who through any difa jility cannot, tyre Commissioners shall iftbe their Warrant to the Sheriff of Chester for returning a Jury., Jay order the Jury to view the Place. Jury to inquire of and assess the Damages. Commissioners to give lodgement for the Sums so abetted, and finally determine all Controversies. Commissioners to have too /. per \lnnum\n Cheshire. Commissioners dying or refusing to act, the Survivors, or any seven to appoint new nes. Undertakers may take is. 6 CL per Tun for all Goods, carried on the River till the Charges of ma ing it navigable are satisfied, and afterwards not above9CL per Tun. Matters of Barges, sv. answerable jor any Mischief done by their Barges or Crew. Owners or Occupiers of adjoining Lands may use plea are boats without paying any Duty. The River to be deemed navigable, and free for all the King's sub pels, paying the Duties. Owners, tac. of Lands within five Miles, not to pay Duty for Dung, easter he Work shall be fmished, Undertakers may retain, out of the clear Produce of the Duties, any Sums by hem advanced. Undertakers may borrow any Sums as the Commissioners, or any nine hall think necessary, or carrying on the Undertaking, and shall repay the same out of the first clear Produce after the Work is inished. After tile Work is finished, and Charges and Moneys borrowed repaid, the Duties shall be cm iloyed to repair the public Bridges, dsy. in Cheshire, as the Quarter sessions shall direct. So much of the Duties, as the Quarter sessions shall yearly appoint, shall be employed in repairing the Highways leading o the said River, &'e. The Surplus of the Tunnage to be employed in amending other Highways in the aid County. Undertakers dying or refusing to act, the Commissioners or any thirteen, shall at their yearly altembly appoint others. Undertakers not finishing the Undertaking in five Years, the Commissioners, or my thirteen, may appoint others.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse in the County of Middlesex, Barnet Blockhouse in the County of Hertford; and for rep iring the Road leading from the Rear inn in Hadley to the Sign of the Angel in Enfield Chase in the said County of Middlesex.

PR.

34-5

The Powers, Penalties, C in the Private Act 10 Ann. C 33. continued for seventeen Years from the Expiration thereof, as well for the Purposes in that Act, as for repairing the additional Roads. [Continued by 9 Geo. 2. c. 39.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath; and also several Highways leasing to and through the said City; and for eleanfng, paving, and lightning the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there 5 and for explaining and making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

I

The Private Act of fi Ann. c. 1. and all the Powers, Duties, Forfeitures, C therein contained, continued for 21 Years from 1 May 1721. After 1 May 1721 six of the Justices of Wilts, Somerset and glcu cejier, and one for Bath, empowered to put the former and this Act in Execution. Surveyors may maks Drains, erect Arches, life. on the contiguous Grounds. Such Satisfaction to be made to the Owner, as three neighbouring Justices shall determine. Owners neglecting to scour their Ditches, Surveyors mav scour the same, and levy the Charge on the Owners. After 1 May 1721. Chairmen in Bath shall keep such Stands as the Mayor, C shall direct, on Penalty of ten Shillings. [Continued by 12 Geo. 2. c. 20.j

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money byway of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-one 3 and for transferring the Deficiency of a late Malt act to the land-tax for the said Year 3 and for disposing certain Overplus Money to proper Gbjefts of Charity 3 and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrasts 3 and touching small Quantities o! Cyder exported 3 and for Relief of Captain John Perry, concerning Dagenham Breach 3 and touching lost Bills, Tickets or Orders 3 and concerning the Duty of small Pieces of Plate; and to enable the Undertakers for raising Thames Water in York buildings to sell Annuities by way of a Lottery 3 and for satisfying a Debt, which was charged on the late Duty on Hops 3 and for appropriating the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament.

EXP.

XXXI. AND whereas by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for centi cj.di e forre_ nuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, a Duty of four Shillings per Hogshead i; tf of pr ons is laid on all Cyder and Perry made for Sale in Great Britain; and in case such Cyder or Perry should be ex exporting frnail ported to Places beyond the Seas, a Drawback of four Shillings per Hogshead is by the said Act allowed to Parcels ofcjaer the Exporters thereof: And whereas Cyder and Perry is often exported in small Parcels according to the De and perr.v* Vol. y mand

mand of the Markets beyond the Seas, and the Manner prescribed by the said act for obtaining Drawbacks for such Cyder or Perry as shall be so exported, is not only difficult but a great Discouragement to the Exporters: For the Encouragement of the Exporters of Cyder and Perry, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Drawbacks for any Quantity of Cyder or Perry, exported from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, shall be allowed and made to the Exporters thereof, in such Manner, and under such Directions and restrictions, as are mentioned and pre feribed in and by an act of Parliament passed in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum; anything in the said act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Clause forrekef

XXXII. And whereas in and by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of Captain John intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by sopping Perry concern ' fj; e Breach in the Levels of Havering nwdaggenham in the County of Essex; for ascertaining the coal breach^i^aann.*Measure, several Duties on Coals and Shipping were granted, and Trustees therein appointed to apply Swt. a! C 77.' and dispose of the same to the Stopping the said Breach, in such Manner as they should think moll conve nient: And whereas on the twenty sixth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the said Trustees contracted with Captain John Perry for slopping the said Breach for the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, and to maintain the same for three Years after stopped, or in case of Accidents, to make good the Damage; upon Condition that if such Sum was not sufficient, they would recommend him to Parliament: And whereas the said John Perry hath effected and performed the said Work according to his contracf, the Charge and Expense whereof hath amounted to the Sum of forty thousand four hundred 4 f'eventy two Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, of which Sum several of the Cre ditors of the said John Perry, to whom he is indebted for Premiums, are willing to remit to the said John Perry the Sum of five thousand nine hundred sixty seven Pounds and five Shillings, which being deducted out of the same forty thousand four hundred seventy two Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, there will be still wanting nine thousand five hundred and five Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, over and above the twenty-five thousand Pounds agreed to be paid by the said Trustees to the said John Perry, to enable him to defray the Charge and Expense of the said Work: And whereas several Security Bonds have been entered into to the said Trustees for the Repayment of several Sums of Money, in case the said John Perry should not have performed his said contracf for slopping the said Breach, and also for maintaining the Work for three Years after the same should be stopped: And some Doubts having arifsn about the Commencement of the said three Years, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees be hereby empowered and required, out of the Money collected or to be collected by Virtue of the said act, to pay and satisfy to the said John Perry, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the further Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds: And it is hereby declared, That the three Years for which the said John Perry was or is to maintain the said Work, did commence from the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, being the Day on which the Breach was first reported to be stopped according to his contracf, the Damage that hath since happened being now sufficiently repaired; anything in the said Act of the twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Clause touching lost Bills, Tickets or Orders."

6 Geo. 1. C tx. Clause concerning the Duty of mill Pieces of Plate.

XXXIV. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the last Sessions of this present Parliament for laying a Duty upon Wrought Plate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it was amongst other Things enacted, That there should be raised, levied, collected, answered and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever (subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is therein mentioned) for and upon all Silver Plate which should be made or wrought in Great Britain, or which st any Time or Times from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty should or ought to be touched, allayed or marked in Great Britain, as the said act directs, a Duty after the Rate of sixpence for every Ounce Troy Weight, and proportionably for any greater or Idler Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, and to be secured to be paid in such Manner and Form as in and by the said act is prescribed in that Behalf: And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether the said Duty ought to be paid for such Pieces of Silver Plate which are. so final] and minute, as either not to be capable of being touched, allayed or marked, or of so fmftl a Value as not to be worth the Trouble and Expense of being fotherefore for the better explaining of the said act, and ascertaining of the said Duty, Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Manufactures of Silver, the Silver whereof respectively, when made, wrought, firiished, joined and completed, to and for the respective Uses and Purposes for which such Manufactures respectively are intended, shall be less than or under the Weight of three Pfenny Weight (other than and except Handles, Hafts, Spoons, Thimbles, Buckles, Clasps or Buttons, made of Silver only, or whereof the greatest Part is or shall be of Silver) are not intended to be charged with the said Duty; and that the Officers for the said Duty, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, shall not be obliged to take any Account, or to make any Return or Report of such minute and small Manufactures of Silver (except before excepted 3) anything in the said l act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Clause to enable the Undertakers for raising Thames Water in Turk buildings, to sell Annuities by way of a Lottery.

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regi?; Scat. r. C 20, 34.7

XXXVI. And whereas ft 1 iath been thought necefiivry for the Service of the Public, That the Lord cijnfc for Al

Treasurer 01 Commissioners of the Treasury for the 'l'ime being shall be empowered to make Allowances to lowancw to Rc ' the several Receivers General of the Land taxes and Duties on Houses, for their extraordinary Charees relvm 1' in bringing, remitting and paying into the Exchequer the Money, over and above the Poundage allowable rax e by the respective acts of Parliament for the said Taxes and Duties, upon Reports made to them by the: ' proper Officers for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, be empowered and they are hereby empowered to cause such Sums of Money as he or they, upon due Consideration of such Reports made or to be made by the proper Officers for that Purpose, shall judge to be just and reasonable to be paid or allowed from Time to Time to such Persons as have been, or are, or shall he Receivers, their Sureties,

Executors, Administrators or Assigns respectively, as well for the Time past as for the future, out of any Overplus Moneys arisen or to arise by any land-tax granted or to be granted, and which doth or shall remain after discharging all the Principal and Interest moneys and other Payments charged or to be charged thereupon by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise; former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas there remains unpaid of the Principal Moneys which were lent upon the Duties choose for fotif on Hops, as Part of the Sum not exceeding one hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, which was autho tying a Debt rized to be borrowed thereupon at an Interest: after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Sum 'vh, ch was char of eight thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, and such f.e<i "v'hia Interest is due for the same for several Years past: whereas there remains in the Exchequer the Sum u y n f J'

of one thousand one hundred sixty eight Pounds eight Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, towards satis t ' fying the said Sum of eight thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny; and the growing Duties on Hops have been made Part of the Fund, called the Aggregate Fund, the Overplus whereof is disposable only for public Uses, directed or to be directed by Parliament Now to the End that the said Sum of eight thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, and the Interest thereof, may be justly satisfied, and that a Stop may be put to the growing Interest at the said Rate, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one thousand one hundred sixty eight Pounds eight Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, with so much of the said Overplus Moneys, as together shall be sufficient to discharge the said Sum of eight thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, and all the Interest incurred or to grow due thereupon, shall be issued and applied thereunto upon the proper Orders in Course, whereby the said Principal and Interest are due; any Clause, Matter or Thing in this Affi, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys lent and to Appropriation of be lent to his Majesty upon one at of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to the Money

his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred 6rafttetl this twenty and one, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain tat u

after all the Loans made or to be made on the al last mentioned, and all the Loans by this at transferred C 4.' '

or dire died to be transferred to the Register for the said land-tax, and the Interest of the said several and respective Loans, and the Charges allowable for raising the said land-tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys to be raised by way of a Lottery or otherwise, by Virtue of this present Act, and so much of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, by this at granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after ali the Payments hereby directed to be made upon Certificates, as well for the fortunate as unfortunate Tickets abovementioned, and the Charges by this Act allowable for the Execution thereof, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purpolls herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed, that is to say;

XXXIX. It is hereby enabled and declared, That out of a'l or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as 81, 7971. i9 s. aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty-two thousand seven hun and ioj. and dred ninety three Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence and seven tenth Parts of a Penny, to make good fmementh Parrs the Deficiency of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four ^a^naii the thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per An gene.aj plinj num, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty.

XL. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore For Naval ser said there shall or maybe issued or applied any Sum and Sums of money.not exceeding seven hundred thirty rites, nine thousand forty-nine Pounds and fourteen Shillings, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea officers, and for or towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed; and for or toward Sea services in the Office of the Ordnance performed and to be performed, and other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed; and any further Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding fifty thousand two hundred Pounds, for or towards extraordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed.

XLI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid For tlft orj there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ninety three thousand nnoce for land one hundred sixty eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying the Charge of the Office scrvl«s. of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land services performed and to be performed, and for or towards defraying several extraordinary Expeaces of the Office of Ordnance for Land services in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty, not provided for by Parliament.

348

For the Land forces,

7i, ooool. for

making good the Engagements with Sweden.

1, 935 1. for

two Turkey Ships to be burnt to prevent. infe£iion.

The said Supplies lo be applied to no other Uses.

the of of Army Accounts.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the half-pay,

Farther provisions concerning the Mattexs in this Act,

9 Geo. i. C z6, 9& io W. 3. C 44*

6 Ann. C 17. jo Ann. C 8<

C 21. Anno septimo Georgii Regis, Stat. I. A.D. 1720.

XLII. And it is hereby likewise enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of eight hundred thirty-two thousand one hundred seventy four Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces and other Services herein after more particularly expressed, that is to say, Any Sum not exceeding five hundred sixty seven thousand seventy Pounds three Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of fourteen thousand two hundred ninety four effective Men (including Commission and Non commission Officers and Invalids) for Guards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and any Sum and Sums of Adoney not exceeding one hundred fifty thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand two hundred seventy eight Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence, upon Account of Out pensioners of Chcifea hof pital for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand five hundred eighty one Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence, for defraying feye ral extraordinary Expenses for the Service of his Majesty's Land forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty, not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding ninety four thousand five hundred Pounds, upon Account of half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines: Subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed in that Behalf.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted, That out of the Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy two thousand Pounds shall and may be issued and applied for making good the Engagements which his Majesty hath entered into with the Crown of Sweden, and any Sum or Sums not exceeding twenty-three thousand nine hundred thirty-five Pounds, to be applied to the Satisfaction of the Masters, Owners and Freighters of the Ships Bristol Merchant and Turkey Merchant, which are intended to be burnt or destroyed for the Preservation of his Majesty's subjects against infection.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the ltes and Purposes before mentioned.

XLV. Provided always, That such Sums as by and in Pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament are or shall be due or payable to any Commissioners for taking, examining, stating and determining the Debts due to the Army, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or other incident Charges, shall or maybe paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And as to the said Sum of ninety four thousand five hundred Pounds by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid, It is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company.

That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay.

That no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice, or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since.

That no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Persons, by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same, as reduced Officers.

And that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the east hidies under fqreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet.

WHEREAS it is of Importance to the Welfare of this Kingdom, That the Trade to and from the

W Baste indies, as the same is now regulated, be carried on in such Manner, as that the British Nation may have and enjoy the full Fruits and Advantages thereof: And whereas by Virtue of several Acts of Parliament and Letters Patents the whole Trade to and from the east indies and other Places beyond the Cape of pood Hope, in the said Acts and Letters Patents mentioned, is now solely vested in the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies; notwithstanding which, and notwithstanding the Prohibitions. Injunctions and Penalties contained in such Acts and Letters Patents for securing the said Trade

4. D. i 720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis, Star. 1.

C 2 r.

349

to the said Company, several evil minded Persons, Subjects of his Majesty, preferring their own private 5 Gen. jcr. Gain to the Good of their Country, have not only clandestinely, and without any Authority from the said Offence arainfi Company, trafficked and traded to and from the East indies, but have also, by Colour or upon Pretence Un /J'! arccx- of Commissions obtained from foreign Governments, openly and publiciciy, in Defiance of the said Laws, 7>^'hr

., r u:, lt/t..: a"..i________r.______j 1 i. i ir ri.i_ l', rikr,

2, C

atrd in Contempt of his Majesty's Authority, fitted out, manned and loaded great and defer.fible Ships, and have sent out the same or failed therewith to the Eqfi indies and Parts aforesaid, and have prevailed! upon fevrral British Seamen, and other Subjects of his Majesty, to serve on board the said Ships and to engage in the same Undertaking, to the Diminution of Iris Majesty's Revenue and of the Naval Force and; Commerce of this Kingdom: 'Now to the Intent that such wicked, mischievous and defiruefive Practises may be prevented for the future, and that the Trade aforesaid may be efteflually guarded and successfully harried on; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of '

2. C 52.

after 24 June 2 1, any of his Majesty's Sub

acquitted, shall have full Costs.

After 24 June tj21} all Contrails for Loans

he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the nfal] g0or kir.e, That if at any Time from and after the four and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year tnftkk t tris out Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, any of his Majesty's Subjects shall fail, go or re from the eatr pair to, or shall trade, traffic or adventure in, to or from the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, contrary to, r'l|r!> CC ur: !ry the Laws now in Being, or contrary to the Tenor of this al, in every such Case it shall and may be law full, either for his Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being, or for the said United Company, at any may V '.m.'n

Time within the Space of six Years, to file or exhibit, in any one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at West axe Years file an minster, one or more Information or Informations against such Offender or Offenders for the Offence by him in orniatinn r. or them committed; and if the Party or Parties, Defendant or Defendants, to such Information or In fender^«ho° 7 formations shall, by due Course of Law, appear or be found to be guilty thereof, in the Court where such enn v^cted than Informmation or Informations shall be so filed or exhibited, shall forthwith proceed to give Judgement against be fine, ! and im. die Defendant and Defendants, by such Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, as the said Court shall prisoned ar the think fit; and shall also award the Prosecutor or Prosecutors his and their full Costs of Suit; but in case Discretion of the the said Defendant or Defendants shall he, upon any Information exhibited by the said Company, Acquitted p "Vr> but lf or found Not guilty, in such Case the said Company shall pay such Defendant or Defendants his or their r full Costs.

II. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts and Agreements whatsoever, rt any Time from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand feveti hundred and twenty-one, made or entered into by any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Person by wayofeot or Persons in Trust for them, for or upon the Loan of any Moneys by way of Bottomry on any Ship or tomiyon any

; Ships in the Service of Foreigners, and bound or deffgned to trade in the East indies or Parts aforesaid; p.s. and all Contracts and Agreements whatsoever made by any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Per East' judies snd fonsin Trust for them, for the loading or supplying any such Ship or Ships with a Cargo or Lading of any for loading such Sort of Goods, Merchandise, Treasure or Effects, or with any Provisions, Stores or Necessaries, and all Ships, andail Copartnerships or Agreements in the Nature of Copartnerships, made or entered into, relating to any such Copartnerftips Voyage or the Profits thereof, and all Agreements for the Wages of any Person or Persons serving on jjtde^3 board such Ship or Ships to be employed in such Voyage, shall be and are hereby declared to be void. chred void'.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every Person and Persons, Subject and Subjects, Anvof his jvfa

of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who shall at any Time or Times from and after the said four and jessy's svbje£is twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one fail, go or repair to the said East indies repairing to the or Places aforesaid, contrary to the Laws now in Being, shall be deemed and accounted to be a Trader, and east lcdies con to have traded and trafficked there; and all the Goods and Merchandizes that shall be there bartered or "jj, % Tfje. trafficked for, or be purchased by any such Offender or Offenders, or shall be found in his Custody, or in deemrdatradrr the Custody of any other Person or Persons by his, or their Order or Procurement, shall be forfeited, toge andall Gocdsin there with double the Value thereof. # - his Custody shall

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods, Mer te forfeited, chandize, Treasure and Effects that shall at any Time or Times from and after the said four and twentieth All Goods ftiip day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one be shipped or put on board any Ship or Ships, ped/°f shoerst vessel or Vessels, bound to the East indies or Parts aforesaid (other than and except the Goods, merchan ships dize, Treasure and Effects of the said Company, or such as are licensed by them, or the Naval Stores, Pro coming from visions and Necessaries for such Ship or Ships performing their Voyage) and all and every the Goods, mer thence'(except chandize, Treasure and Effects (except as before is excepted) that shall, from and after the Time aforesaid, Goods of the be taken out of any such Ship or Vessel in her Voyage homeward from the Eeft indies or Parts aforesaid to

England, before her Arrival there, the same and every of them shall be forfeited, together with double the j^rfeitedf toge value thereof; and the Mailer or Commander, and other Officers of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, there with double for the Time being, knowingly permitting or suffering any such Goods, Merchandise, Treasure or Effects Value, to be shipped or put on board any such Ship or Ships so bound to the East indies, or to be taken out of any Matters of such such Ship or Ships hound from the East indics or Parts aforesaid to England, shall forfeit for every such Of S, lins to forfelt fence the Sum of one thousand Pounds, and moreover shall not be entitled to have, demand or receive any 'J°°

Wages whatsoever; shall the said Company be obliged or compelled or compellable to pay any Wages '

to, ortotheufe or upon the Account of any such Master, Commander or Officer, for or in respetft of the Voyage so made or to be made by such Mailer, Commander or Officer, but shaft have an Allowance or De duciion in respect thereof out of the Moneys payable by them on Account of the Ship to which such Master or Officers belong.

V But forasmuch as it happens many Times, that the abovementioned illegal Trade is carried on and Attorney Grne managed so artfully and covertly, that the said United Company cannot come to the Knowledge and Proofral my exhibit a ' of the same, and at most cannot ascertain the Quantities, Qualities and Values of the Goods, Merchan R.: L ot.cof1-

dize, pljint in the

2 1.

Anno septimo Georgii

Fvcsis.

O

Slat.

i. A.D.

1720.

dize, Treasure and Effects so traded for, nor therefore obtain any Satisfaction or Compensation for the Da ' mages by them sustained, to their great Loss and Detriment, and to the great and apparent Lessening of his Majesty's Revenue: Therefore it is provided and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shad and may be lawful t o and for his Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being, at the Relation of i'v, the said Company, or by his own Authority, to exhibit a Bill or Bills of Complaint in his Majesty's Court ir of Exchequer against any Person or Persons Trading, Dealing, Trafficking or Adventuring, at any Time Agents, C for frorn an(j; !fter the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, in, to or from the East indies, or Places aforesaid, contrary to Law, or against any Person or Persons concerned as Agent, Factor or Copartner with such illegal Traders, for Discovery of such their Trading, Dealing, Trafficking and Adventuring, and for Recovery of such Duties and Damages as are herein after mentioned, waiving or disclaiming in every such Bill all the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons for the Matters in such Bill contained; and that such Person or Persons hall answer the said Bill or Bills, and not plead or demur to the Discovery thereby sought, and pay to his Majesty the Customs and Duties of the Goods and Merchandise arising, produced or purchased by the said unlawful Trade, Traffic or Adventuring, and hall answer and pay to the said Company for the same thirty Pounds per Centum according to the Value thereof in England, and if such Offender or Offenders pay the said Duties and Customs, or the Amount of the same, into his Majesty's Exchequer for the Use of his Majesty, and Damages to the said Company, he or they shall not be prosecuted upon any other Branch or Article in this Act, or upon any other Law or Statute whatsoever, for the same Offence; and if such Bill or Bills (if exhibited at the Relation of the said Company) be dismissed by the Court where the same shall be exhibited, the said United Company shall pay every such Defendant and Defendants his and their Colls of Suit; and in case there be a Decree obtained against the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall pay Costs to his Majesty and the Relator respectively.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Forfeitures and Penalties herein before appointed and enacted, or which are appointed or enacted in and by one Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two millions upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East indies; or in and by one other Act: made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for better see tiring the Duties of East-india Goods; or in and by one other Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, yin Jldl far the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies; and so* the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign commissions, shall from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one be sued for, recovered and recoverable in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit or Prosecution of his Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being, or of the said United Company, or of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, such Officer or Officers of the Customs first taking such Consent and Directions as is or are contained in the Proviso for that Purpose hereafter; and that one third Part of all such Forfeitures and Penalties shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; one other third Part thereof to the Use of the said United Company; and the remainin; third Part thereof to the Use of such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall inform, and so as aforesaid sue for the same; in which Suits or Prosecutions no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed, or anymore than one Imparlance.

VII. Provided nevertheless, an 1 it is hereby further enacted and declared, That before any Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced for the Recovery of all or any the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, by any such Officer or Officers of the Customs, such Officer or Officers shall fit ft repair and go to the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, and make known to them the Offence committed, and his or their Intentions to sue or prosecute for the same; and if the said Court of Directors shall elect to have jie Suit or Prosecution brought or commenced by Bill or Bills of Complaint, to be filed or exhibited in the Court of Exchequer, with such Waiver and Disclaimer of the Penalties and Forfeitures, as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Bill or Bills of Complaint shall be filed and exhibited, and prose

Qitart. r p.nt of cuted accordingly, in the Name of the Attorney General, as aforesaid; then and thereupon there shall the Moneys reco yielded and paid by the said Company to such Officer or Officers one Quarter Part of the Moneys that k"'"' shall be recovered upon such Suit, for the Benefit of the said Company; and the said United Company shall moreover bear the Charges of the said Suit or Prosecution; but if the said Court of Directors shall el ft to have the Suit or Prosecution commenced for the Penalties or Forfeitures by Informations or Actions of Debt at Lav., then the said Officer or Officers shall accordingly sue and prosecute for the same at Law; and the said Informations or Actions shall be proceeded upon, and shall not be discontinued or determined, but by and with the Consent of the said United Company, or their Court of Directors.

VIII. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend, to subject the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, or any Member thereof, to answer such Bill, or subject him or them to any other the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby enacted, for or in respect of his or their trading into the Levant Seas, anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That frorn and after the said four and twentieth!. Day of June ons. thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, no Commodity of the Growth, Product or Mi

nufacture of the East indies, or other the Places aforesaid, shall he imported or carried into the Kingdom 0- scaiue Gr Ireland, the I Hands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or into any Land, Bland, Plantation, 'Colony, Territory or Place, to his Majesty, or to the Crown of Great Britain belonging, or which hall

3 hereafter

Exchequer against such as trade, C to the East indies after 2$. June 172j contrary to La or against their

Trading, C and waiving the Penalties, C

such Persons shall answer, and not plead or demur to the said Pills, and pay the customs, Sic.

Costs to be paid by either Side.

Forfeitures appointed by this Act, or by9 & 10 W. 3. C 44. 6 Ann. C 3, and 5 Geo. 1. c. 21. to be re covered by Bill, C onetnird to the King, one aether to the Company, and the remaining Third to the Officers of the Customs that shall sue for the same.

Officers not to sue without acquainting the Court of Directors, who, if they rhufu to sue in the Attorney General's Name, shall pay such Office IS CR2

and bear the Charges, other wise the Officers shall prosecute, and not discontinue, C without Consent of the compai.y.

Not to ex crd to the Levant Ccjnpa' y.

7 Geo. j. C 7, After 24 June

juro Ireland, Jc; fey, ex

C 21.

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat.

Veiled in which they shall be imported, with all her Guns, Taclde, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel; sj: ip, and i'uch Ship anti Goodsshall and may be seized, and the same, or the Value thereof, shall and may be arocr.dcjby n prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in any of his Majesty's 2 C zz'

Courts in fuc'n Land, Island, Colony, Territory or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or in the Royal Courts of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no efltoin, pro teblion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them How such for who shall seize or file for the same; except such Offence shall be committed in any of his Majesty's Pianta k'j.rt, r "b. c. tions in Africa or America; in which Case one third Part of the said Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his ok

Majesty, his Heirs and successors, one other third Part to the Governor of such Land, Island, Colony or 1 pace where the Offence shall be committed, and the other third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Officer or Officers of the Customs in officers of the the said Kingdom of Ireland, or in the Lands, i{lands. Colonies, Plantations, Territories or Places afore Customs cunni said, shall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent Importation of any such Commodities as is be ring.at such im fore mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning hereof; or if any such Officer or Officers shall take upon j>°7n»th' prde* him or them to seize any of the said Commodities, and shall by Fraud or Collusion, deflft or delay the Pro f^hon ni for fecution thereof to Condemnation; he or they so conniving, desisting or delaying, shall forfeit and lose the fcit ooi.and be Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be lued for and recovered in Manner aforesaid; Moiety of which For incapable of any feiture to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or Office unjcr the them who will inform and sue for the same; and such Officer o Officers shall also for the future be incapable crown of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs and successors. fidgw di fee'

farther 10 Geo. 1. c. 11.9 Geo. 2. c. 4. 15 C T

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen 4 & 5 w. & M. 1 Mary, for granting to their lvtajeffies certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchan C S ' dizes, for the prosecuting the War against France, the several Duties charged by that Act upon Amber marc

Beads, Amber Rough, Coral Beads, and po iflied Coral, and upon Cowries, are to be repaid to the Mer ff kd \yg'o.

chants exporting the same, if exported within three Years from the Importation thereof, which Act is 2i' C 31.

now in Force: And whereas by several other Acts of Parliament now in Force, the Time for Exportation of some foreign Goods by British Merchants is limited to the Space of twelve Months, and of other foreign Goods to the Space of eighteen Months, or thereabouts, from the Times of the Importation thereof: And whereas the Time for Exportation of some foreign Goods, by Aliens or Merchant Stran

gers, is limited to the Space of nine Months, and of others to the Space of fifteen Months, or there

t about, from the Times of importing the same; but forasmuch as it hath been found by Experience, that Anne. 26.

the said respective Times of nine Months, twelve Months, fifteen Months, and eighteen Months afore 1 j St,

mentioned, are too short, and very inconvenient to Traders; and for as much also as it will be for the Be - c-43-

nefit of the Trade of this Kingdom, if the Time given for repaying or drawing back the Duties upon the Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes of his Majesty's Plantations, and all other foreign Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, be enlarged; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, aftqr 24 June That the respective Times for Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes of his Majesty's Plantations, allowed and all other foreign Goods and Merchandizes, as the same are now limited by any Law or Laws in being, for thcexpor shall from and after the said twenty fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, be ration of foreign extended and enlarged, so that in all Cases where Repayments, Allowances or Drawbacks are made upon Goods, after the the Exportation of any Goods and Merchandizes of his Majesty's Plantations, and all other foreign Goods, ^f.or?tlon and Merchandizes imported, and afterwards exported, by Virtue of any Law now in Force, all Merchants sffaet. 2, and Traders, Bodies Politic and Corporations, shall from thenceforth have and be allowed three Years C

Time, from the Importation of such Goods, to export the same, accounting such Importation from the mailer's Report of the Ship; and all and every such Merchant and Merchants, Trader and Traders, Bodies Politic and Corporations, shall have the like Repayments, Allowances and Drawbacks by and for such Exportation, as if the same had been exported within the respective Times before mentioned, or any other tims limited by any Law now in being for that Purpose; Law, or any other Law, Rule, Custom or o!ths stall Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: nevertheless. That Certificates and Oaths be ascc0,

made, and all other Requisites performed according to the Laws now in being relating to the Importation ding to the Laws and Exportation of such Goods. now in being.

XI. And whereas by the several acts which granted the Duties of fifteen per Centum upon Muffins and clauseforen

White Caliicoes imported (which Acts are now in Force) the Importers, before the landing thereof, are to larging to three

give Security by Bond for Payment of the said Duties, as soon as the same shall be sold, and for exposing v"ea" th "' '?e ' the said Goods to Sale openly and fairly by Way of au£!i n or Inch of Candle, within the City of London, n^white cj

within the Time of twelve Months after the Importation thereof; and in case the said Goods shall, within n, anj ual

the Time limited, be fairly sold, as aforesaid, and in case the Importers hall pay down the said Duties rated east.india in ready Money, within twenty Days after such Sale, they are to have an Allowance after the Rate of five Goods.

Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of Duties so paid: And whereas by several Abfs of Parliament now 11 & 12 ' in Force for granting, continuing, and better securing the Duties payable ad valorem upon unrated Baste 'Q, 13

ludia j & 4 Ann. C 4.

Anno feotimo Georgii Regis. Stat. i

A.D. 1720.

6 Ann. C 22.

72 Ann. Stat. 2, C 19-

2 W & M.

S. "?T. 2. C 4.

7 isr S W, 5, C 10. V

2 &3 Ann. C 9.

3 & 4 Ann. C 4. Clausefor repealing so much. of any former' A, as relates to, or a lows the Importing of Tea by Licence or Certificate.

6 Geo. 1. c. 2l.

East India Company may ship out Stores of Wav Duty free 5 such Duties not exceedi ig 500 1. in one Year, Clauseim powering the Lord Warden of the C'nque ports, with the Assent of the coir.mtf LI oners of Load Manage, C to make Orders for the better Government of Pilots at Dover, Deal, C

3 Geo. 1. c. 1. - lo Geo. 1. 0. 17. Concerning p.ltls fi 2s Cc

C 26. by wf'i b this clii jfc is citl ttiuc i lo 25 frzarch 1764.

India Goods, and for ascertaining the Values according to which such Duties shall he paid, the Importer or Importers thereof are, in like Manner to give Security by Bond for Payment of the said Duties according to the real Values of the said Goods, to be ascertained according to the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made ('except Coffee) as soon as the said Goods shall! be sold, and also for exposing the said Goods to Sale openly and fairly by way of Auction, or by Inch of Candle, within the City of London,

within the Time of twelve Months after the Importation thereof; and for as much as the retraining the said Muslins, White Calicoes, and unrated East inclia Goods to be sold within twelve Months from the Importation thereof, may sometimes be detrimental to the Reveiv e; and that the inkirging the said Time of Sale will be for the Benefit of the Trade of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for such of the said Goods as are at present imported and unfold, or shall, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, be imported, the Importer or Importers thereof may, at any Time within the Space of three Years from the Importation of such respective Goods, expose the same to Sale, and after such Sale there shall be allowed the like Discounts on Payments of the respective Duties on such Goods, as if the same had been exposed to Sale within the Time of twelve Months, as before mentioned, or any other Time heretofore limited by Law; and from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, the Condition of the Bond or Bonds to be given by the Importers for Payment of the said Duties on the Goods before mentioned, shall be to expose the same to Sale within the Space of three Years from the Importation thereof; and the Importer or Importers of the said Goods shall be entitled to the same Discounts, Allowances, and Payments of the Duties upon the said Goods, as if the same had been sold within the said Time of twelve Months; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for continuing Duties upon Low wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, and upon Mullins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callico, China Ware and Diugs; 'It is enabled, that any Person or Persons may import into this Kingdom ca, subject to the several Duties payable for the same, from any Parts beyond the Seas, in British Ships, navigated as therein mentioned, so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs of the Quantity and Quality of the said Tea so intended to be imported, and the Place in which they intend to import the same, and taking a Licence under the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any three of them, for the landing and importing thereof, as aforesaid, which Act hath been since continued, and is now in Force: And whereas the Method of granting those Licences, by an Act passed in the lalf Sdhon of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Public Revenues of Excise, Cifhms, Stamp Duties, poi office, and House money, is altered and explained: And whereas under the Colour of such Licences great Frauds are committed, to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue; and forasmuch as it hath been found by Experience, That the allowing the Importation of Tea, by Virtue of such Licences or Certificates from Of end, and other Places, not being the Place of its Growth, tends to promote the illegal Trade carried on by his Majesty's Subjects to the Eaf indies under foreign comrr.iftions, and in Conjunction with Foreigners, and is very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; For the preventing thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, so much of the said Act of the third Year of her said late Majesty, and of the several Acts continuing the same, and so much of the said Act of his present Majesty which past the last Sessions of Parliament, and every other Act which relates to or allows of the importing Tea by Licence or Certificate, as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, annulled and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall for the future be allowed to ship out Stores, Provisions, Utensils of War, and Necessaries for maintaining their Garrisons and Settlements, free of all Duties, so as such Duties if they had been to be paid, would not have exceeded or do not exceed in any one Year the Sum of three hundred Pounds.

XIV. And whereas Frauds are frequently committed in clandestinely running of Goods out of Ships and Vessels homeward bound, as well from the East indies as other Parts, on Pretence of Boats plying with Pilots for such Ships and Vessels at a great Diilanee from the proper Stations of such Pilots, by Means whereof they escape the Inspection of the Officers of the Customs, and several Mischiefs and Inconveniences have happened, as well to his Majesty's as to Merchant Ships, by the Disorders and Negligences of Pilots residing at Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, which are not sufficiently prevented by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulat ing of Pilots for conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames and Medway; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, with the Afient of the Commissioners of Load manage, and of the Masters and Wardens of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity hoise of the Cinque ports, or he major Part of them, at an assembly commonly called a Court of Load manage, to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, to make such Rules and Orders for the better Government and Regulation of the Pilots residing at Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, as shall he thought fit and convenient, and to order and direct a proportionable and fuflicienir Number of the respective Pilots, residing at Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, not less than eighteen, to ply constantly at Sea, at all seasonable times, to be ready to conduct such Ships and Vessels up the said Rivers of Thames and

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. r. C 22 — 25.

[353]

Medway, as shall have Occasion for them; and that it shall and may he lawful to tend for the sin 1 Lord Warden of the Cinque ports, for the Time being, or his Deputy, during the Continuance of the said Act, with the act ent of the said commissioners, and the jviader and Wardens of the said Society or fcllnv/lliip, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, at a Court of Load man ice to be held, as aforesaid, to ftifpend or deprive any of the said Pilots for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting anything required by the same, or for acting in any wise contrary to inch Rules or Orders; and if any of the said Pilots so ftifpended or deprived, during the Time of such Suspension or Deprivation, shall take upon him or themselves to conduit any Ship or Veiled by or from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thauet, to any Place or Places in or upon the said River of Thames or Medway, such Pilot or Pilots shall be liable to all such Pains and Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by the Rid Act of the third Year of his present Majesty, against such Person or Persons as shall conduit Ships front and to the Places aforesaid, without being first examined and approved by the Master and Wardens of the sail Society or l'ellowship at the said Court, and admitted into the said Society. [This Clause is continued by 10 Geo. i. See fjnie -

C 17. fc£t. 2. and 8 Geo. 2. c. 21. and 23 Geo. 2. c. 26.j t: ai: -

'Jrahl c'.irf lay

9 Geo. 1. e. z6. 3 Geo. 2. c. 14 £? 20. 12 Geo. 2. c. 22. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 27 Geo. 2. c. 9, r Gee. 3. C 14.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enabling Charles Earl of Arran to purchase the forfeited Estate of James Butler, late Duke of Ormonde: and for granting Relief to ivllllam late Lord Widclririgtory, and for enlarging the Time for determining Claims upon the forfeited Estates; and for enabling the Commissioners for the said forfeited Estates to certify into the Exchequer all such Estates as they have found to be given to Popish or superstitious Uses.

PR.

5

Charles Earl of Arran declared Purchaser of all the forfeited Estate of James late Duke of Ormonde in Ireland for the Sum of 30, 000l. Clause for veiling the said late duke's Estate in Trustees, for the Uses expressed in this at. All Debts, e. due to the late Duke in Ireland, not sold by the Commissioners, vested in the Earl of Arran. Moneys received out of the late duke's forfeited Estates, V remaining in the Treasury of Ireland or Exchequer of Great Britain, made liable to discharge the Debts charged thereon. Saving to the Crown of all Rights before the Attainder. Not to extend to revive the Regalities of the County of Tipperary. Clause in favour of the late Lord jfiddrington. The Powers enlarged and continued by the Act; Geo. 1. C zz. further continued to z\june l7z7 > and to the End of the then next Seflton. The Commissioners appointed by 1 Geo. 1. c. 50. shall certify into the Exchequer all such Messuages, ts'e. as they shall find to be given to superstitious Uses; upon tyhich Certificate the Court shall proceed assis the same had been found by Inquisition.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for Repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury in the County of Hereford, to

the several Places therein mentioned.

PR.

The Toll granted by this at is to have Continuance from 2^ June 1722, for 21 Years. [Continued by jj Geo. 2. c. 17.j

CAP. XXIV.

An act for Repairing the Road from jvendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks.

PR.

The Toll granted by this at is to have Continuance from the 25th of March 1722, for 21 Years. [Continued by 15 Geo. 2. C J

CAP. XXV.

An act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or near that shall be brewed for Sale, vended or tapped within the Town ok Jedburgh and Privileges thereof, for paying the public Debts of the said Town, and for supplying the same with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

The Duty granted from 24 June 1721, for 21 Years, C

Vol. V

Z t

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. A.D. 1720.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for Repairing the Road from St. giles's Pound to Kilbourne eridge in the County of Middlesex. PR,

The Toll granted by this Act is to have Continuance from June 24, 1721, for 21 Years. [Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for raising a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, by charging Annuities at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Civil List Revenues till redeemed by the Crown; and for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, (by causing fiuch a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned; to make good to the Civil List the Payments which shall have been made upon the Paid Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery tickets; and for discharging the Corporations for Assurances of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to his Majesty; for making good a Deficiency to the Eeift india Company.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 1. ' ]ro ST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of C i. ' J.VII. your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's lloujbolcl and of the

C Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, several Rates and Duties of Excile, and a further"sub fidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties or Revenues, were granted or continued during your majesty's Life (which God long preserve) and the same, with several hereditary Duties and Revenues therein particularly specified (except as therein is excepted) were thereby enacted and declared to be for the Support of your majesty's Household and the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, subject to such in i Geo. Stat. 2. 4 cumbrances and Savings as in the said Act are expressed: in and by another Act of the said first Year C j2. ' of your majesty's Reign (made among other Things) for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Com

1 pany of the Bank of England relating to Exchequer bills, and for settling an additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon your Majesty during your Life, Provision was made for Payment of the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds for the Service of your majesty's Household and Family, and other your necessary Expenses and Occasions, during your majesty's ' natural Life, out of the Moneys of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, therein mentioned and described, in the Course and Manner thereby prescribed: And in and by the Adllaft mentioned, It is provided and enacted, That if the Revenues settled or appointed for the Service of your majesty's House hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, by the Act first above recited, together with the said additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, should, from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen,

at any Time during your majesty's Life produce in clear Money more than the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, then the Overplus of such Produce should go and be applied to such public Uses as in and by the Act last before recited are prescribed, as in and by the said several Acts (Relation being thereunto respectively had) may more fully appear: And whereas by reason of several extraordinary Expences ariftn since the making the said recited Acts, diverse Arrears of Salaries, Wages, Diet moneys and other Allowances, and sundry Debts for Exemptions, Provisions and other Causes, have incurred and grown due to your majesty's Servants, Tradesmen and others, and do now remain unsatisfied, amounting to a very considerable Sum in the Whale: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous that your Majesty, in the Administration of your Civil Government, may not remain under any Difficulties in respect of the Arrears and Debts contracted as aforesaid; that therefore a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds may be raised, to enable your Majesty to discharge Debts and Arrears, by Sale of Annuities, to be charged and secured upon a yearly Fund to be answered and paid out of the said Revenues, but to be redeemable by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as hereafter by this Act are prescribed, do most humbly pray your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and" with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That yearly and every Year, from and after the: Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twen settlei fr all the ty one, a certain yearly Fund, to be computed after the Rats of five Pounds per certum per Annum, for and Annuities to be upon all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, is and shall, by Force and Virtue of this Act, be set purenafedon this t]ecj anc] established, and he payable in the Manner and Form herein after expressed and declared, for satis I Tying and discharging the same Annuities from Time to Time, until the same shall be redeemed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act; nevertheless f the said yearly Fund shall be subject to a proportionable Reducemsntor Abatement upon Redemption of Part of the said Annuities, according to the Proviso or Power of Redemption herein after contained in that. 1 Behalf.

From 24 July 1721, a certain yearly Fun to be computed at 5 1. percent, to be

act, till redeemed.

Faither Provision vehting he eto, 8 go, 1. e 20. fc«r. 32.

X X Geo. X C 17. 12 Geo. 1. c. 2.

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. r. C 27.

1355.]

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said yearly Fund, after the Rate of The Fund'o'c ive Founds per Centum per Annum (subject nevertheless to such propoi tionable rcducc mentor Abatement char. et on all ipon Redemption of Part of the said Annuities as is provijcd by this Act) is and shall, by Virtue of this th,; 7'cr"', R, be charged and chargeable upon and be payable out of all the Revenues, additional Revenues, Du '

n n tilufl t/nrtwnn fr r ll O IF lilt? 1\ A 11 a Or 1 I*O II fi I! rl O n fl t b. I.

J 5-

ia, .

ies and Branches whatsoever, settled or appointed for the Support of his Majesty's Household and the tb. tour and Dignity of the Crown as aforesaid, as well those which are hereditary in the Crown, as tiiofe i V Life, which were granted during his Majesty's Life, and every of them, for and during the whole Time and Perm of his Majesty's natural Life (which God long preservej unless all the said Annuities shall sooner be unkfs fion r completely redeemed according to the Proviso and Power of Redemption herein after contained in that Be adeemed, naif; and that the Sum and Sums of Money, which from Time to Time, during his Majesty's Life, shall he htiied or paid for or upon the said yearly Fund, after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per y.inman, ishall be and be deemed and reckoned to be Part of the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds tbove mentioned.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of his Majesty's Demise before the l"s

complete Redemption of all the said Annuities, then the said yearly Fund after the Rate of five Pounds per f?c'd

Centum per Annum (subject nevertheless to such proportional Reducement or Abatement as aforesaid) is and to bvehar ed on shall, by Virtue of this at, be charged and chargeable upon and be paid and payable out of the hereditary the hereditary Revenues, Duties and Branches before mentioned, and every of them, until the complete Redemption of Revenues, all the said Annuities to be purchased upon this AR:; and that all the Payments for or upon the said yearly (Fund, shall be made with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, which shall or may hereafter be charged upon the said Revenues, Duties or Branches, or any of them.

j IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this AR, or any 'Filing Not to prejudice; therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to make void, alter or prejudice any Disposition, Ap any former dif propriation, Appointment, Matter or Thing whatsoever contained, saved, excepted or allowed in any for p0 itl0ns'&c' mer Act or Acts of Parliament, of or concerning any the Revenues, Duties or Branches aforesaid, or in any Manner to prejudice any Pensions or Annuities charged and to be paid out of the said hereditary Revenues, or any of them, by or in pursuance of any al or alsof Parliament, or by Virtue of any Grants or Letters Patents made or granted by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, but that the same Dispositions, Appropriations, Appointments, Matters and Things shall continue and be in Force, and shall take Effect and be observed, as if this al had not been made; and the said last mentioned Pensions and Annuities shall remain due and shall be paid, but shall not he deemed or reckoned to be Part of the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, during his Majesty's Life.

V. And for raising any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may ^7^tfontsmj'y be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contri ch^tcaftwof" bute, advance and pay to the first or chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Bank any for the Time being, at or before the respective Days and Times in this AR limited in that Behalf, any Sum Sums not exceed or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Pur !ns 500, 00s 1.. chase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said Feail of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, until the same shall be redeemed according to the Provisoes and Power of Redemption herein after contained in that Behalf; so as such Cashier orcafhiers do first give Security to the good liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's treal uty now being, or the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes before mentioned, the Moneys which shall be so advanced or contributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed after the said Rate of Annuities to tc five Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be ad computed at 5l. vanced or paid; and the Purchase money for every such Annuity, at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appoint prrcent per ed to be paid to the said Cashier as aforesaid, at cr before the respective Days or Times herein after limited'; that is to say, One Moiety or half part thereof on or before the eleventh Day of September one thousand le Times of paying ven hundred and twenty-one; one other Moiety or half part thereof on or before the tenth Day of Novem ll)e f>urc ia re ber one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be paid and Annuities to be payable at the four most usual Feasts in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of Saint Michael the Archangel, paid quarterly.' the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blefied Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of Saint The first Pav john Baptist, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days after every of the said Feast days; the first mem at Mich. Payment thereof to be due at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, cr within six Days after the same Feast day: Nevertheless the said Annui tpstr/rm^rre'i ties shall be redeemable, as is afterwards in this Act provided in that Behalf. u Geo. 1! 0.17.'

Cafiver first ta give Sec inly.

"Contributors for prompt Payment allowed 61. percent, for Moneys advanced before u Sept. 1721. A "Book to be kept in the Accountant general's Office; and an atteiled Copy thereof to be transmitted to "the Auditor of the Receipt by 25 March \ jiz. Contributors to enjoy their Annuities free from Taxes. "So much of the Civil List Revenues to be set apart weekly, as shall be sufficient to discharge the Annui "quarterly. Bank to appoint a Chief Cashier and an Accountant General. All the Moneys contributed to be one Capital Stock, and transferrable. A Transfer book to be kept in the Chief Account

z 2 "ant's

[35^] C 27. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. i, A.D. 1720.

"ant's Office. No Stamp Duties for Transfers. Acceptors of Stock from Contributors, who have paid "only Part of the Contribution Money, liable to pay the Residue."

XIX. And to the End his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may be enabled to reimburse himself or themselves such Sum and Sums of Moneyas in Pursuance of this act shall have been issued or furnished out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, during his Life (which God long preserve) or out of the said Hereditary Revenues after his Majesty's Demise, for or towards the Payment of the said Annuities, or for or Hismay towards the Redemption of the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and taui eauedu£tion may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant under the Great Seal of Pound onto all Great Britain, Privy Seal or Royal Sign Manual, to cause a Deduction to be made, not exceeding sixpence salaries"&c* " n the Pound, out of all Moneys which, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred from 1 Aug! and twenty-one, shall be paid for or upon all Penftons and.annuities charged upon any of the said here-1711: ' ditary or Temporary Duties, and for and upon all Salaries, Sees and Wages, payable for or in respedi of

Tins Deduction Offices of Profit, granted by or derived from the Crown, and for and upon all other Payments from the ho«.ppropn. Crown whatsoever, or for or upon any Arrearages of them, or any of them, incurred or to be incurred; C 2.'f. 24.'the Pay f Commission and Non commission Officers and Private Men, serving in the Navy or Army, only Except Com and always excepted; the same Deductions to be made for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, mifii n offi. for the Benefit of his or their Civil Government, so long as the said Annuities shall, by Virtue of this Act, ca s, ice. be payable out of the Revenues charged therewith, as aforesaid, and until the same Annuities shall be redeemed pursuant to this Act; any former Law, Statute or Provision whatsoever to the contrary no.with standing.

Not to extend to

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not' the Ennce and°! extenc' or ke construed to extend, to charge or to enable his Majesty to charge the Annuities or yearly phncei sof30 Sums, amounting to one hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or Wales. his Trustees, during the Joint Lives of his Majesty and the said Prince, or the Annuities or yearly Sums,

amounting to fifty thousand Pounds, granted to her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, or to any Person or Persons in 1 rust for her, to commence and take Eftedl immediately after the Decease of the said Prince, or any of the same Annuities or yearly Sums, so granted, with the abovementioned Deduction or Payment of sixpence in the Pound, or any Part thereof; but that the same Annuities or yearly Sums, and their Royal highnesses respectively, and their respective Trustees, Treal urers and Receivers General for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear of and from the said Deduction or Payment of sixpence in the Pound; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Not to prejudice

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Annuity of prejudice, delay or interrupt the Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, amounting to fifty thousand prinedafterh"s p°un^sr granted to her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for her, koyaihi"haefs sto commence and take Effect immediately after the Decease of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; any Pejth. 0 Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas it is intended that the said Sum, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be applied in and for the Payment of Debts and Arrears due and to grow due to his Majesty's Servants, and others, payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or in Offices wherein the Expenses relating to his Majesty's Civil Government are payable: And whereas several of the said Servants, and others, are, or may be deftrous to have and enjoy Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, to be founded on this al, in Lieu and Satisfaction of such their Debts and Arrears respectively; 'Be it therefore provided, C "

"may make out Tallies for Annuities at i; /. percent, to such Persons as shall desire the same for "the Arrears due to them. On Delivery of such Tallies to the Cashier, the Producer to be deemed a Con "All the Powers relating to Annuities purchased with Money shall be practised for securing the "Annuities to be purchased by such Tallies. Such Persons as may have Malt Lottery Tickets in tjieir "Hands, may borrow Money thereon at 6 /. percent, either before or after Drawing."

L Geo. i. C is.

Clause fdr dif' charging the London altu ranee and Royal Exchange A Aura nec, of so much of the 3oo, co 1. which each of those Companies were to have paid to the Use of his Majesty, as remains un p.iid.

43 El. C 12.

13 & 14 Car, 2,

XXVI. And whereas the Corporation or Body Politic, called The London Assurance, created and established by his Majesty's Charter under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the twenty second Day of June in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, pursuant to an at of Parliament in that Behalf, were obliged to pay to his Majesty's Use the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, and have actually paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer several Sums, amounting to one hundred and eleven thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, in Part of the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas the Corporation or Body Politic, called The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, created and established by another Charter under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of April in the present seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, have covenacted with his Majesty, his Heirs: and Successors, to pay or cause to be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, the remaining Sum of one hundred eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty 1 Pounds, at or before such Days and Times, and in such Proportions, as are hereafter mentioned; That is to say, thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, Part thereof, within three Calendary Months after the Date of the said Charter, for the said Corporation, called The London Assurance of Houses and Goods (; from Fire; fifty thousand Pounds, other Part thereof, within nine Calendary Months after the Date of the same

A.D. 11720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. ic. 27.

[357]

same Charter; fifty thousand Pounds more thereof within fifteen Calendary Months after the Date of the same Charter; and fifty thousand Pounds, Re fid tie thereof, within one and twenty Calendary Months

after the Date of the same Charter: And whereas the Corporation or Body Politic, called The Royal: Exchange aiffiirance, created and established by his Majesty's Charter, under the Great Seal of Great Bri

dated the two and twentieth Day of June in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that Behalf, were obliged to pay to his Majesty's Use the Sum of three hundred

thousand Pounds, and have actually paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of one j1 hundred and eleven thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, in Part of the said Sum of three hundred thou i' failed Pounds: And whereas the Corporation or Body Politic, called The Royal Exchange /iffiirance of Houses and Goods from Fire, created and established by another Charter under the Great Seal of Great bri j' tain, bearing Date the nine and twentieth Day of April in the prtfem seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign,

have covenacted with his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to pay, or cause to be' paid, to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, the Sum of one hundred and eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds (Remainder of the left mentioned Sum of th ee hundred thousand Pounds) at or before such Days or Times, and in such Proportions, as are here

mentioned; That is to lay, thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, Part thereof, j' within three Calendary Months alter the Date of the said Charter, for the said Corporation, called The Royal Exchange A fur mice of Houses and Goods from Fire; fifty thousand Pounds, other Part thereof within nine Calendary Months after the Date of the same Charter; fifty thousand Pounds more thereof, within fifteen Calendary Months after the Date of the same Chatter; and fifty thousand Pounds, Residue thereof,

within one and twenty Calendary Months after the Date of the same Charter: And whereas the said, C respective Corporations, called The London Assurance, and The Royal Exchange Assurance, have severally 1 f cured the Payment of the said several Sums of thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for his Majesty's Ule, according to their said respective Covenants contained in the said Charters for Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire: And whereas his Majesty,

intender Consideration of the great Difficulties which the said Corporations do severally labour under,

is gtaciously pleased that the several Sums remaining unpaid by them, as aforesaid, (except the said fe e vcral Sums of thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, which were made payable within three Calendary Months after the Dates of the said respective Charters for Assurances relating to Houses

Goods from Eire) shall he absolutely remitted and disc narged; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of fifty thousand Pounds, which by the Tenors of the said Charters relating to the Affiranees of Houses and Goods from Fire, was intended to be paid by the said respective Corporations within nine Months after the Dates of the same Charters; and the said several Sums of fifty thousand Pounds, which by the Tenors of the same Charters were intended to be paid by the said respective Corporations within fifteen Months after the Dates thereof; and the said several Sums of fifty thousand Pounds, which by the Tenors of the same Charters were intended to be paid by the said respective Corporations within one and twenty Months after the Dates thereof (all which Sums do amount in the Whole to three hundred thousand Pounds) and all ahions, Suits, Executions and Demands what See farther nn soever, for, touching or concerning the same, are and shall, by Force and Virtue of this at upon and oen\ngajl ura»cet after payment of the said several Sums of thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, and re deeming the said Securities for the same) be remifed, released and for ever discharged; anything in the said !g z' r.'

I former Act of Parliament for erecting the said Corporations, or in any Charters or Letters Patents relating 21 cco.z. C

I thereunto, to the contrary notwithstanding. 25 Geo. 2. c. 26.

XXVII. And whereas there is deficient in the east-india company's Fund of one hundred and sixty cuufe f. rpay thousand Pounds per Annum, several Sums computed for several Years ended at Michaelmas one thousand rnent of

5 seven hundred and nineteen, amounting in the whole to one hundred ninety one thousand twenty-eight ji, 02ss*

Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence halfpenny; which Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds ciende's due to

per Annum, is payable after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for a national Debt of three the east-india I 4 millions two hundred thousand Pounds, incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand Company at seven hundred and sixteen, provided for by former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and still remaining 19*

unsatisfied: whereas the particular Duties on Salt, charged towards making good the said yearly t4 A; Gn 4 Fund, have, in and for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty, produced Exchequer

an Overplus, amounting to two thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds three Shillings and a Penny;

which Sum last mentioned doth now remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer: Now to the End all the deficient Sums, amounting to one hundred ninety one thousand twenty-eight Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, may be justly satisfied, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds three Shillings and a Penny, now remaining in the Exchequer for Overplus Moneys of the aforesaid particular Duties upon Salt, and so much of the Moneys now remaining in the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, as (together with the said Sum of two thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds three Shillings and a Penny) shall completely make up the said Sum of one hundred ninety one thousand twenty-eight Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence halfpenny, shall be issued and paid to the said East India Company, or their Treasurer or Cashier, for their Use, in full Satisfaction of the Deficiencies before mentioned; and that the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or any three or more \ of them, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and may eause the same to be issued and paid accordingly, without any other or further Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; any former Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

2

yn

C 28.

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. Stat. 1. A.D. 1720.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Sub Governor, Deputy governor, Direct rs, Cashier, Deputy cashier, and Accountant of the South Sea Company, and of John Jijlcltie, Esquire, and tikewife of James Crags, senior, Esquire, deceased, towa ds making good the great Loss and Damage sustained by the said Company; and for disabling such of the Did Persons as are living, to hold any Office or Place of Trull under the Crown, or to sit or vote in Parliament for the future, and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed.

Farther prcvi fnes concerning the Matters in this AO,

8 Geo. 1. c. 2 11 Geo. 1.1. 22. f. 2.

2 Geo. 2. c. 8.

6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

7 Geo. 1. stats. c. 1.

V JJ WHEREAS many Corruptions, Breaches of Trull, Frauds and Abuses, have been contrived, cora initted, and practised, relating to Capital Stock, or pretended Capital of the Governor and Company of merchants.of Great Britain, trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for en eouraging the Fishery, (commonly called the south-sea Company) or to Subscriptions, or pretended Subscriptions for the same, or to Dividends, or pretended Dividends in respect thereof, whereby the said Company hath sustained an immense Loss and Damage, and the Publick Credit hath been extremely re dueed and disordered, and many of his Majesty's Subjects have been defrauded and impoverished, contrary to the Purport and true Intent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling the south-sea Company to increase their present Capital 1 ' Stock and Fund, by redeeming such Publick Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for lessentng several of the Publick Debts and Encumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in Lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer: And whereas Sir John Fellowes, Baronet, late Sub gover nor, Charles Joy, Esquire, late Deputy governor, and William ajlell', Esquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell,

Baronet, Sir John Blunt, Baronet, Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir William Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert che/ber, Llquire, Stephen Child, Esquire, Peter Dclaport, Esquire, Francis Eylcs, Esquire, James Edmonson, Esquire, Edward Gibbon, Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir William Hammond, Knight,

Francis Hawes, Esquire, Richard Horsey, Esquire, Richard Haul ditch, Esquire, Sir Theodore Janssen, Knight an L Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, ^Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir har court Mqjhr, Knight, William Morley, Inquire, ambroj'e Page, Esquire, Colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read junior, Esquire, Themes Reynolds, Esquire, Jacob Sawbridge, Esquire, William Tillard, Esquire, and John Turner, Esquire, late Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and also Robert Knight, late Treasurer or Cashier, Robert Snrman late Deputy cashier, and John Grigsby late Accountant to the said corporation, (in Confederacy with the said Sub governor, late Deputy governor and late Directors) under Colour of the act herein before mentioned, have contrived and carried t on many notorious, fraudulent, and indirect Practises, contrary to tyre Intention of the said Act, not only ( to the immense Loss and Damage of the said Company, amounting to seven millions and upwards, butt also to the great Detriment of the Publick, in Breach of their Trull, and to the manifest Wrong and of t pression of great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects: And whereas John Aifabic, Esquire, late Chancellor and Under treasurer of the Exchequer, and one of tyre Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and a Member of the House of Commons, in Breach of the great Trulls in him reposed, and with a View to t his own exorbitant Profit, Iras combined with the said late Directors of the South Sea Company in their pernicious Practises, and has been guilty of moll dangerous and infamous Corruption, to the Detriment of great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects, and manifell Prejudice of the Publick Credit, and of the Trade of this Kingdom: And whereas James Crags the Elder, Esquire, was a notorious Accomplice and Com ' federate with the said Robert Knight and some of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, in carrying on their corrupt and scandalous ipraftices; and did by his wicked Influence, and for his own exorbitant Gain, promote and encourage the pernicious Execution of the late South Sea Scheme: And whereas in and by one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for ref raining the Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Treasurer or Cashier, Deputy cashier, and Accountant of the South Sea Company, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and for dicovering their Efaies and Ejfefts, and for the preventing the transporting or alienating the same, several Provisions are made for the discovering and securing the Estates and Effects of the said late Sub go vernor and Deputy governor, and of the said late Directors, and of the said late Treasurer or Cashier, j ' Deputy cashier and Accountant, so as they might be liable to Julliee in Parliament, as by the same Act ' (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: Now to the End that the several Estates Real and Personal of the said late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Treasurer or Cashier, De ' puty cashier and Accountant; and to the End that so much of the Amount or Value of the Estates of the said John Aifabie, or of any in Trull for him, which are hereafter in and by this Act veiled in Trustees herein after named, as do or shall exceed the Amount or Value of the Estates which belonged to the said John Aifabie, or any in Trull for him, on the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eigh i 4 teen; and to the End that so much of the Amount or Value of the Estates which belonged to the said James Crags, or any in Trull for him, at the Time of his Death, as exceeded the Amount or Value of the Estates which belonged to him, or any in Trust for him, on the first Day of December one thousand Even hundred and nineteen, may all be made subject and liable, and be disposed (so far as the same will extend) as loon as conveniently may be, for or towards the Uses and Purposes hereafter in this act expressed concerning the same; 'May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, tic.

3'All

A.D. 1720. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. C 28. 35

"All the Estates ol' the late Sub govemor, Deputy governor and Directors of the South sen Company,

"(Ac. and of John Aijlabie, Esquire, and of 'james Crags deceased, vested in Sir John Lyles, Baronet, csv.

" from one June 1720. and from the Day of 1 lie Death of 'fames Crags, to bef old for the Ufts in the Act.

"Exceptions. Where the Directors, &c. were po fie fled of an estate tail, the same shall be veiled in "the Trustees in fee simple to be sold. Trustees to use all lawful Means for discovering and reeover "ing the Estates vested in them, as the late Ditedlors, &c. might have done. The Directors, &c. he "20 September 1721. to deliver to the Trustees all Deeds, &c. on Oath, with Schedules. Late Di "(Ac. refusing to bring in their Deeds, &c. Trustees may commit them. Trustees may make Compositions touching Debts, &c. with the Approbation of the Directors of the south-sea Company.

Trustees may take Possession of all the said Estates vested in them, &c. Such of the Estates, for which t no Claim shall be entered, shall be sold as soon as conveniently may be, and such for which Claims shall be entered, after the Claims are determined. The Price to be paid to the Cashierof the south-sea Company. Then the Trustees to execute a Contrail ofllargain and Sale, &c. to be inrollod in Chan eery. Any Persons may be Purchasers. Such Purchasers adjudged to be in the actual pofi cffton thereof,

and the Trustees are to give them Possession. If any of the said Estates shall, under Colour of this act, be sold to the Use of any of the Trustees, or their subordinate Officers, the Person accepting shall forfeit the Estate so purchased, and 500l. All Conveyances, &c. of any the said Estates, made fines ' 5 January 1720. adjudged fradulent. Not to avoid any Conveyances, &c. for a valuable Confnlerntion after 1 June 1720. and before 5 January 1720. All Persons having Debts contracted before 5 January (< 1720. or having any particular Estate in Law or Equity out of the said Manors, &c. by any Settle ment, &c. made before 5 January 1720. may enter their Claims before the Trustees before 25 dcccm her 1721. and in Default, every such Debt, &c. shall be void. Entries to be made at the Trustees Publick Office. Trustees may inquire by Witnesses or by Examination of the Claimants on Oath, or by "Inspection of Mortgages, &c. and shall make their Report to the Directors of the south-sea Company;

"and if they shall be satisfied in the Justice of the Claim, &c. and if the Claimants shall, in a Book to be kept in the Office, declare their Acquiescence therein before 1 August 1722. then the Trustees are to give Warrant for Payment of the Debt so adjusted, &c. Any three of the Justices of the King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, sitting at the same Time and Place, shall determine all "Differences touching Debts, Estates, &c. Their Order shall be final. On Complaint to the Justices,

(Ac. before 25 December 1722. they are to summon the Trustees to appear before them, and make final Orders therein. When the Justices, &c. find any Debt due to the Claimant, &c. they are to certify LI it to the Trustees before 25 March 1723. Powers for determining Differences relating to Claims to continue till 25 March 1723. Trustees not to order any Payments for the Debts of any one of the late Directors, &c. beyond the dear Value of his Ellate. Creditors when satisfied, to assign over their Southeast "to such as the Trustees shall nominate. All such Money as shall be due to his Majesty for Pub "Revenues, &c. shall be paid out of such Moneys as shall arise out of the late Directors Estates "

"indebted to the late Directors, &c. are to give Notice thereof at the Trustees Office before 25 ' December 1721, or that there is some Account depending between them, on Forfeiture of the Value;

"and having any Chattels Personal of the said Directors, are to give like Notice, on Forfeiture of the "like Value thereof: And all Tenants, &c. are to give like Notice, on Pain of three Years Value.

"John Aijlabie not to depart this Realm for one whole Year from 8 December 1720. and till the End of the then next Session; to enter into Recognisance before 20 September 1721. neglecting to enter into the said Recognisance, to be committed to the Fleet. If the late directors, &c. after 7 July 1721. for "one whole Vear, from 5 January 1720. or before the End of the then next Session, transport any of "their eft ects, they shall be guilty of Felony, &c. Persons who have accepted any Trull, or concealed "the Estates of the late directors, &c. not discovering before 25 December 1721. forfeit treble the Value, u and imprisoned for a Year. Persons voluntarily discovering any Estates, not inventoried, before 25 "March e 72 3 to have 10 1 per Centum. John Aijlabie before 25 December 1721. to deliver in a true In "of the Real and Personal Estate to him belonging at the Time from which they are vested in (t the Trustees. And one Inventory importing what Estate belonged to him on 1 October 1718. True ftees to compute the clear Value of the Estates which belonged to him on 1 October 1718. and make "Report to the south-sea directors by 25 December 1722. If the Values cannot be settled before 25 de cember 1722. then the Justices and Barons are to determine the same before 25 March 1723. If the In ' ventories are settled to the Satisfaction of the directors, then a Deduction shall be made out of them of the clear Estate which he had on 1 October 1718, &c. The Remainder shall be paid to the Caftiier of the Company for the Uses of this Act, within 30 Days after the Values are settled or Security to be "given. After such Payment or Security, all the said Estates revested in Mr. Aijlabie. Not to extend "to that part of his Real Estate which belonged to him on 1 October 1718. or any Houshold Goods which he now possess eth, till his Particulars shall be settled, &c. the.heirs, '(Ac. of James Crags, to deli "to the Trustees an Inventory of his Real and Personal Estate, at the Time of his Decease, &c. and 'e another Inventory importing what Estate did belong to him on 1 December 1719. Trustees to examine the Inventory, and examine Witnesses on Oath, &c. Trustees to compute the clear Value of Mr.

7 cragg's Estate, on 1 December 1 Jig, &c. If the Value cannot be settled by 25 March 1722. then the i Barons are to determine the same before 23 March 1723. If the Particulars are settled to the Sarisfnc "tion of the Directors, then a Deduction shall be made out of them of the clear Value which he had 011 "1 December 1719, &c. And the Remainder to the Cashier of the south-sea Company, within 30 Days "after the Values are settled, or Security given. After such Payments or Security, all the said Estates "in James cragg's Heirs, &c. Not to extend to that Part of the Real Estate which belonged Vow. Z z "to

ro

354 C 29 — 32. Anno septimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1720.

"to him on i December 1719. or any Household Goods, till his Particulars shall be settled, csv. Lute Directors, C disabled from holding any Place or to sit in Parliament, Not to invalidate any Assign "of Stock, iac. before 10 July 1721. by any of the late Directors, C for securing any Debt to "his Majesty, C 36000l. in Malt Tallies, payable to Richard Hampden, Esq; and assigned to Robert

"Knight, and the several promissory Notes, may be paid to the Cashier of the south-sea Company: And "his Receipt shall be a Discharge. But subject to Claims. Trustees may enter all their Proceedings in a "Book for that Purpose, and to give a distinct Account to the King and both Houses of Parliament. Al "clear Moneys arising out of the Estates, appropriated to the Use of the Company. This Clause "by 13 Geo. 1. c. 22. fest. 9. Eivery Director, C to have out of his particular Estate, such "as is set down in the Schedule annexed. EXP."

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the King's moult Gracious, General and Free Pardon.

"General Pardon of all Crimes (not excepted) committed before 24 July 1721. Excepted, All who on "24 July 1721. were in the Service of the Pretender, C

CAP. XXX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, (fate and determine the Debts due to the Army.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An act for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts concerning Bankrupts.

Tor former Laws refer to 34 & 35 H. 8. CI 4,

23 EL C 7.

I Jac. 1. C 15. fl 1 Jac. 1. C 19. 23 & 14 Car. 2, 24.

20 Anna, C 15.

Per Tonnes taking Bills, Bonds, C payable at a future Day for Goods delivered to such as after become Bank

WHEREAS Merchants and other Traders in Goods, have been very often obliged, and more especially of late Years, to sell and dispose of their Goods and Merchandizes to such Persons as have Occasion for the same, upon Trust or Credit, and to take Bills, Bonds, Promisory Notes, or other Persons Securities for their Moneys, payable at the End of three, four or six Months, or other future Days of Payment, and the Buyers of such Goods becoming Bankrupts, and Commissions of Bank ruptcy being taken out against them before the Money upon such Bonds, Notes or other Securities be came payable, it hath been a Question whether such Persons, giving such Credit on such Securities, ' should be let in to prove their Debts, or be admitted to have any Dividend, or other Benefit by the Commission, before such Time as such Securities became payable, which hath been a great Discourage merit to Trade, and great Prejudice to Credit within this Realm For Remedy whereof be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, who have given Credit, or at any Time or Times here bsujijii after shall give Credit on such Securities as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons who is, are or shall be

jupt, stall be ad come Bankrupts, upon a good and valuable Consideration bona fide, for any Sum or Sums of Money or mined to prove other Matter or Thing whatsoever, which is or shall not be due or payable at or before the Time of such their Bills, C person's becoming Bankrupt, shall be admitted to prove his, her and their several and respective Bills, toa^ro^niona ^on<^s' or other Securities, Promise or Agreements for the same, in like Manner as if they were

mevwfof the mace payable presently, and not at a future Day; and shall be entitled unto, and shall have and receive

bankrupt se a proportionable Part, Share and Dividend of such bankrupt's Estate in Proportion to the other Creditors

iiate, of such Bankrupts, deducing only thereout a Rebate of Interest, and discounting such Securities payable

chfeountirg such at future Times, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for what he shall so receive, to be therateof L er compute the zdfua] Payment thereof to the Time such Debt, Duty or Sum of Money should or

centtor what would have become due and payable in and by such Securities as aforesaid.

they receive.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who Eank: «pts shall now are or shall become^bankrupts, shall be discharged of and from all and every such Bond, Note or other Security as aforesaid, and shall have the Benefit of the several Statutes now in Force against Bankrupts in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Sum of Money had been due and payable before the Time of his becoming a Bankrupt.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no such Creditor shall be deemed or taken to be a sufficient Creditor, for or in respect of such Debt, to petition or join in any Petition for the obtaining ing forth accm or suing forth any Commission of Bankruptcy, until such Time as such Debt shall become actually due debe oxeaue* an paya^k. [This last Section is repealed by 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. fest. 22.j

See farther concerning Bankrupts, 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. (which is continued by 31 Geo. 2. c. 35 to 29 Sept. 1764.^ 19 Geo. 2. c. 324 24 Geo. 2. c. 57.

be discharged of such Securities,

No such Creditor hall join in fu

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to explain and amend the Act of the twelfth Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the stones end in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish ofenfield in the same County, next to the Parish c/'chelhunt in the County of Hertford.

PR.

"Wagons, Is'c. laden with Bricks, Hay, C passing through any Turnpike erected by Virtue of the "private Act, 12 Ann, Stat. 1. C i. shall pay the Tolls."

Anna

355

A. di 2l. Stat. 2.

'0

Anno Regni Georgii Regis Magns Britanniae, Francis 6c Hiberniae, septimo.

'A^lie par'*anient begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini ' A one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord ' GEORGE by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the 1 Faith, tic. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirty first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; being the seventh Session of this present Parliament.

STAT. II

An Act for making several Provisions to restore the Public Credit, which suffers by the Frauds and Mismanagements of the late Directors of the south-sea Company, and others.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of parliament of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, cln Act for enabling the south-sea Company to increase their present Capital Stock and Fund, by re i deeming such public Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for ic[)cning several of the public Debts and Encumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled; andj or making forth new Bills in Lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer, It was enacted, that the said Company should pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, by such Proportions, and at such Times, as were thereby appointed for the Payment thereof; and such further Sums to be computed after the Rate of four Years

and an half's Purchase, and such further Sums to be computed after the Rate of one year's Purchase

are therein mentioned, by quarterly Payments, at such Feast days as were thereby limited for Payment of the same; and in and by an Act of Parliament of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, ' intituled, An Act to enable the south-sea Company to ingraft Fart of their Capital Stock and Fund into the Stock and Fund of the Bank of England, and another Part thereof into the Stock and Fund of the East-india Company; and for giving further Dime for Payments to be made by the said south-sea Company, to the Use of the Public, It is provided, declared and enacted, That the said Company shall pay, and be obliged,

by Force and Virtue of that Act, to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said several Sums after the Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase, and one year's

Purchase; and that the same shall be payable by such Proportions, and at or by such respective Days

or Times of Payment, as are therein limited and appointed, and herein after mentioned for the Payment thereof, and not otherwisej that is to say. One full and equal fourth Part of the respective Sums so payable, shall be paid on or before the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blefied Virgin Mary, which X shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof, on or before the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; one other full and equal fourth Part thereof, on or before the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and the remaining full and equal fourth Part of the said respective Sums so payable, on or before the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall ba in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and that the said south-sea Company, and their Stock and Funds (except as therein is excepted) are and shall be subject and LI ' able to the Payment of the said several Sums, at or before the said respective Days and Times by the last mentioned Act appointed for the Payment thereof, without any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever: it is thereby further enacted, That in case Default shall be made by the said south-sea Company in the Payment of all or any Part or Parcel, Parts or Parcels, of the said several Sums of four

millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence,

and of the said Sums to be paid after the Rate of four Years and an half's Purchase, and one year's ' Purchase, or any of them, at the respective Days or Times by that Act limited for the Payment thereof,

then the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Officers of the Exchequer for the Time being, shall, and they respectively are thereby authorised, enjoined and required, to cause the Money, whereof such Default in Payment shall be made,

with Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (to be computed as is therein mentioned) to be stopped out of the Moneys which, weekly or otherwise, Ilia]] be payable to the said Company at the Exchequer, for or upon their Annuities or yearly Funds (except as therein is ex

and to cause the Principal and Interest so stopped, to be applied as is therein after directed in that Behalf; as by the said several Acts of Parliament, Relation being thereunto respectively had, may more fully appear: And whereas by the many Frauds, Abuses, and Breaches of Trust, which were committed by the late Sub governor, Deputy governor, and Directors of the said Company, and others in Con

with them, or some of them, the said Company has suffered an immense Loss and Damage, and the Public Credit (as well as the Credit of the said Company) hath been extremely reduced and disordered, contrary to the Purport and true Meaning of the Act of Parliament first above in Part recited,

whereby the said Company is become unable to comply with all the Payments required to be made by "the Act of Parliament last in Part before recited; and if their Capital Stock, and the Annuities and

Note; Thcie is nodiftinchcn on the Roll of a new Session.

Preamble rcci' ting the at of 6 Geo. 1.1. 4*

7 Geo. i.stat.i* C 5.

6 Geo 1. C

56 Stat. 2.

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

From 24 June 1722. the Sum of 4, 156, 3061. 4s. 11 d. and the four and tin Half year's purchase, and one

C discharged.

After 24 June 1722. two millions of the

yearly Funds payable in respect thereof, should continue subject and liable to all the said Payments, and to such Stoppages as are directed by the bid Act last mentioned, the Credit of the said Company would be utterly impaired, and the Sufferings of the Members would be extremely increased: whereas in regard to the Inability of the said Company, under the bad Circumstances to which the same is re duced, and to the Intent that the said Company may be obliged and better enabled to give some further Relief (as this Act directs) to the several Proprietors and Persons concerned in Intereil in or with the fail Company, in order to the ascertaining and settling their respective Properties and Interests, and the re establishing of the Public Credit, and thereby quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, it is thought meet, that the said Sum of four millions one hufidred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said several and respective Sums, which were intended to be computed after the said respective Rates of four Years and an half's Purchase, and one year's Purchase, be remitted and discharged, so as from and after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l, C which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, the Sum of two millions Sterling, Part of the Capital Stock which shall then belong to the said Company, be reduced and annihilated, and so as a proportionable Part of their Annuities or yearly Funds, in respect of the said two millions, do from that Time cease and determine for the Benefit of the publick be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Sum of four millions one hundred fifty six thousand three hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, and the said several and respective Sums, which were intended to be com r puted and paid after the find several and respective Rates of four year's and a half's Purchase, and one ant act aa^onf' ears Purchase, and all Actions, Suits, Executions, Demands, Stoppages, Detentions, and other Remean a ions, X or recovering or obtaining the same, or any Part thereof, are and shall, by Force and Virtue of this present act, be and be deemed and adjudged to be remifed, released, and for ever discharged.

_ II Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That from after the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twen south sea com ty two> the full Sum °ftwo rnillions of Pounds Sterling, Part of the Capital Stock which shall then be pany'e Capita] long to the said Company, shall by Force and Virtue of this Act, be and be deemed and adjudged to be Stud: to be re reduced, sunk and annihilated for ever; and that a proportional Part of their Annuities or yearly Funds,

ci'jcej and anni payable at the Exchequer in respect of two Millions, shall, by Force and Virtue of this Act, from and

proportional"part ater the Feast of the Nativity of John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand of their Annul seven hundred and twenty-two, be no longer payable, but shall from thenceforth for ever cease and determine for the Benefit of the Public; any I hing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other

Law, Statute or Provision whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas several Persons or Corporations, who were entitled to several redeemable Debts and Annuities, payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by the Cashier of the Bank of England, or other wile, and who were enabled to subscribe the same into the Capital Stock of the said soutj sea Company, ' did subscribe, or cause or procure to be subscribed, many of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities; and the Proprietors of such of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities as were payable at the Receipc e of the Exchequer, or at particular Pay offices at or near the Exchequer, did deliver in their respective Orders, Tallies, Tickets or other Securities, for Payment of such Debts or Annuities to Persons for that Purpose appointed; and the Accounts of the Proprietors of such of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities as were payable by the said Cashier of the Bank of England, were debited in the Books of the Bank; and an additional Capital Stock was, upon Books or Duplicates signed and attested by three or more of the Directors or Managers in that Behalf appointed, created or settled by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to be allowed to the said Company for or in respect of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities; which said redeemable Debts and Annuities were subscribed, or pretended to be subscribed at several high Rates or Prices in Stock, exceeding the Rate or Price of four hundred per Centum; and a General Court of the said Company, on or about the thirtieth Day of Sep tember one thousand seven hundred and twenty, towards relieving those Proprietors, did agree that the same redeemable Debts and annuities should be taken in at Par, being one hundred Pounds for each one hundred Pounds principal Money of those redeemable Debts and Annuities; and that the Proprietors of the same should be entitled to the Interest due thereon, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and be paid for the principal Sums in the Stock of the said Company, at the Rate of four Hundred per Centum, with an Addition of ten per Centum in Stock for a Dividend at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty: And whereas the said Company,

or their late Court of Directors, did exhibit, or cause to be exhibited. Books for taking Subscriptions of Money for purchasing Stock of the said Company, commonly called the four Money Subscriptions;

whereupon several Persons or Corporations did advance, or cause to be advanced. Moneys amounting to a large Sura; and the General Court of the said Company, on or about the ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty, did resolve that no more Money than what had then been actually paid on the said four Money Subscriptions, should be demanded or infilled on, and that Stock should he given for the Money actually paid by the respective Proprietors in the said first Money Subscriptions,

4 at three hundred per Gentmn, with the Dividend of Midfunmer onejfioufand seven hundred and twenty,

of ten per Centum in Stock; and that Stock should be given for the Money actually paid by the respective Proprietors in the said second Money Subscription, at four hundred per Centum with the like Divi dend; and a General Court of the said Company, on or about the eighteenth Day of the said Month of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty, did resolve that Stock should be given for themo

nies

ties, to cease. This Clause repealed 9 Geo. 1. c. 6. fest. 1.

For putting an End to all Deputes between the Company and the Proprietors of subscribed jedeemable Funds, and the Proprietors of the four Money Subscriptions;

Stat. 2.

357

nies paid on the said third and fourth Money Subscripyons at the Rate of four hundred per Centum, with the like Dividend of ten per Centum in Stock Now in order to put an Knd to all Disputes between the said Company and Proprietors of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities subscribed into the said Company, and between the Proprietors of the said Money Subscriptions; for the further Relief, as well of the Proprietors of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities, as also of the Proprietors of the said second, third and fourth Money Subscriptions, who now have or (pursuant to the said Resolutions of the said (General Court) may have Stock allowed them at the said Rate of four hundred per Centum, with the Dividend of Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty, in Stock as aforesaid; it further nadded by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation, called the south-sea Company, shall, and the same is hereby enjoined and required to allow and make an Addition after the Rate of thirty-three Pounds six; Shillings and eight Pence, in Stock, upon every one hundred Pounds Stock already allowed or allowable as aforesaid, to the respective Proprietors of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities, and to the re i'peelive Proprietors of the said second, third and fourth Money Subscriptions; said Addition of thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, in Stock to the said Proprietors of redeemable Debts and annuities, together with the Stock already allowed them at the Rate of four hundred per Centum, with the Dividend at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty, in Stock as aforesaid, shall be in full Discharge and Satisfaction of their respectivedebts and Annuities which were redeemable, and were subscribed or intended to be subscribed as aforesaid, and for which the Securities were delivered up, or for which thb Books at the Office of the Bank were debited, and for which an additional Stock was created by the Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid; the said Addition of thirty-three Pounds six shil dings and eight Pence, in Stock, to the Proprietors of the Moneys which were actually paid upon the said second, third and fourth Money Subscriptions respectively, together with the Stock already allowed or (allowable to them at the Rate of four hundred per Centum, with the Dividend at Midsummer one thousand liven hundred and twenty, in Stock as aforesaid, shall be in full Discharge and Satisfaction of the Moneys which were actually paid upon the second, third and fourth Money Subscriptions respectively, notwithstanding any Defcdt or Error, or supposed Defect or Error, in taking in the said Subscriptions of the said redeemable Debts and Annuities, and the said Money Subscriptions, or any of them, or any misnomer, Miflpelling or Omission of Entry of Money paid for the said Money Subscriptions in any wise, and notwithstanding any Doubt or Question touching or concerning the Validity of the Subscriptions of the fined redeemable Debts and Annuities in any wise; and that no more Money shall be demanded or infilled on by the said Company (other than what was actually paid as aforesaid) on the said four Money Subscriptions, or any of them.

IV. And whereas on or about the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, fe vcral irredeemable Annuities (Part of them payable for several long Terms of Years, others payable for the Remainder of a Term of thirty-two Years, commonly called the Nine percents, and others of them payable for the Remainder of another Term of thirty-two Years, commonly called the Lottery annui ties of one thousand seven hundred and ten) were subscribed into the Capital Stock of the said Company, for several Rates or Prices, which the same Company did resolve to give the Proprietors, to wit, ' for the said long Terms at thirty-two Years Purchase, and the said shorter Terms seventeen Years Purchase; which Rates or Prices were finished partly with Money, and partly with Stock at the Rate of three hundred seventy five Pounds per Cenium: and whereas on or about the fifteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty, several other irredeemable Annuities, Part of them payable for several long Terms of Years, others payable for the Remainder of the said several Terms of thirty two Years, were subscribed into the Capital Stock of the said Company; which Subscriptions so made on or about the said fifteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty, are commonly called the second Subscriptions of the irredeemable Annuities; and by a Resolution of the said General Court, the Annuities of the said second Subscription were likewise to be paid for at several Rates or Prices, viz. The long Terms at thirty-two Years Purchase, and the said shorter Terms at seventeen Years Purchase, all in Stock at four hundred per Centum, with the Addition of the Midsummer Dividend often per Centum in Stock thereon (except such odd Sums as did not amount to one Pound in Stock,

which were to be paid in Money; ') Now for a further Relief to be given to the Proprietors of the said irredeemable Annuities in the second Subscription, by an Addition of Stock valued at one hundred and fifty per Centum, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company shall make, or cause to be made, an Addition at that Rate in Stock to the Proprietors lait mentioned, over and above the Stock allowed or allowable to them by the said Resolution of the General Court; which Addition shall be made in the respective Proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, on every Annuity of one hundred Pounds per Annum, which was subscribed for the Remainder of ninety-nine Years, comprehended in the said second Subscription, two hundred and three Pounds six Shillings and eight perce Stock, and foin Proportion for every greater or lesser Annuity which was subscribed for the Remainder of ninety-nine Years; on every Annuity of ninety-eight Pounds per Annum, which was subscribed for the Remainder of ninety six or eighty nine Years, commonly called Fourteen per centy.nu, comprehended in the said second Subscription, one hundred seventy eight Pounds five Shillings and fourpence Stock, and foin Proportion for every greater or Idler Sum of such Annuities; on every ninety Pounds per Annum, which was subscribed for the Remainder of thirty-two Years, commonly called the Nine per Csntums, comprehended in the said second Subscription, seventy three Pounds nine Shillings and fourpence Stock, and foin Proportion for every greater or lesser Sum of such Annuities; on every Annuity of one hundred Pounds per Annum, which vas subscribed for the Remainder of thirty-two Years, eommonly called Benefits of the Lottery one thousand seven hundred and ten, comprehended in the said second Subscription, sixty five

Pounds

An Addition after the Rate of 33 1. 6 s. 8 d S ock upon every tool.

Stock already allowed, to be given by the Sou h Sea Company to the pro prictori of the redeemable Funds,

and to the Proprietors of the second, third and fourth Monty Subscriptions, with the Midsummer Dividend, 1720.

which shall be in full Discharge.

Clause for Relief of the Irredeemables.

Company to make an Addition in Stock to the Proprietors of the Irredeemables, viz. On Annuities of iool. per Annum subscribed for the Remainder of 99 Years, comprehended in the second Subscription, 203 1. 6s. Sd.

On the 14 1. percent. 178 1. 5s, d.

On the91. percent. 73 1.9s. 4d.

Prize Lottery Tickets, 1710. 65 1, 163, 8 d.

358 Stat. 2.

Anno septimo Georgii Regis. A.D.

1721.

Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence Stock, and foin Proportion for every greater of lefier Sum of such Annuities; and on every ninety-eight Pounds per Annum, subscribed for the Remainder of thirty-two Years, commonly called Blank Pay tickets of the said Lottery one thousand seven hundred and ten, comprehended in the said Subscription, one hundred twenty six Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence Stock, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum of such Annuities; and that all Dividends due, or to become due, from and after the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall be payable upon the said several Additions of Stock as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the increased Capital Stock which was gained by the said Company, by taking in public Debts and Encumbrances which were intended to be taken in by the said Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and which, after the Distribution of such Parts thereof as are intended, pursuant to any the former Clauses in this Act, to be distributed, shall remain undisposed, shall be divided to and among all the Proprietors of the whole Capital Stock of the said Company, in Proportion to their several and relpefitive Interests therein; and that Credit be given for the same respectively in the Books of the said Company.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons (Brokers, or such Per south seastock, fons as have ailed as Brokers for Brokeridge, excepted) as at any Time or Times since the five and 30lPa5cr Cent twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, have borrowed on the"ums so "Money from the said south-sea Company upon any Share or Shares in the Stock of tyre said Company, borrowed, to be actually transferred and pledged

Blank Pay Tickets of the said Lottery, j261. 14s. Sd.

The increased Stock to be divided among all the Proprietors.

Borrowers on

discharged. from all further Demands of the Company (except Brokers.) This CL an ft: en

(at the Time of borrowing, or within twenty-one Days after) to or for the Use of the said Company, or the respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Persons, who shall pay to the Cashier of the said Company for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, at their public Office in London, so much Money as a Rate of ten per Centum, to be computed upon the respective Sums so borrowed, shall amount unto; to wit. One Moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and the other Moiety there forced by 8 Geo. of on or before the five and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; shall } - (upon such Payment made, or being lawfully tendred and refused, and not otherwise) by Force and Vir 0 1 Jy' tue of this present A CL be discharged of, from and against all further Demands of the said Company, Eut thes ock to 'n Law or Equity, of, for or in respeil of the Moneys so borrowed upon Stock; and that all the Stock be vested in the so transferred and pledged, for which such Payment shall be made, or lawfully tendred and refused, toge company. there with the Dividends and Profits belonging or to belong to such Stock respectively, shall be, and is;

and are by Virtue hereof, absolutely vested in the said Company, for the Use and Benefit thereof.

Borrowers on

VII. And furthermore it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons (except as Subscription Re before excepted) as at any Time or Times since the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our rnen^oaob per Ford one thousand seven hundred and twenty, have borrowed Money from the said south-sea Company Cent, discharged. llpon Receipts which were given for any the Payments made upon any of the said Money Subscriptions, and were actually pledged to the said Company (at the Time of borrowing, or within twenty-one Days after) or the respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Persons, who shall pay to the Cashier of the said Company for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company at their public Office in London, so much Money as a rate of ten per Centum, to be computed upon the respective Sums so borrowed shall amount unto, to wit, One Moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth Day of 'December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and the other Moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; shall (upon such Payment made, or being lawfully tendred and refused, and not otherwise) by Force and Virtue of this present Act, be discharged of, from and against: all further Demands of the said Company, in Law or equi butthesubicrip ty, of, for or in respect of the Moneys so borrowed upon the said Subscription receipts; and that all the tion Receipts to Subscription receipts so pledged, for which such Payments shall be so made, or lawfully tendred and nn m 1 C refusec*5 together with all the Benefits to attend the same, and all the Dividends and Profits belonging or to belong thereunto respectively, shall be, and is, and are, by Virtue hereof, absolutely vested in the said Company, for the Use, Benefit and Advantage thereof.

VIII. And forasmuch as it is necessary to make some Regulations or Orders touching Contrails for the Sale or Purchase of Subscriptions or Stock of the said south-sea Company, or any other Company or Corporation, or pretended Company or Corporation, for preventing a Multiplicity of vexatious and doubtful Suits in Law or Equity concerning the same, or some of them; 'It is therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contrail for the Sale or Purchase of Subscriptions or Stock of the said south-sea Company, or any other Company or Corporation, or pretended Company or Corporation, which shall be unperformed in Whole or in Part, or shall not be compounded by or between the Parties thereunto, or interested therein, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, or an Abllrail or Memorial thereof signed by the Party interested therein; and who shall be minded to take Advantage of the same, shall be entered and registered in Books, which are hereby required timely to be provided and kept for that Purpose by the respective Company or Corporation, to whose Capital such Stock or Subscriptions do or shall relate, at sometime before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and in Default of such Entry or Register every such Contrail, as to so much as shall remain unperformed, and not compounded, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, shall be void: And it is hereby enacted, That such Entries shall express the Names of the No Stamp da Parties or Persons, for whose Use or Benefit such Contrails were made; and that none of the stamp novee for Re Futies. shall be due or payable for the same; and that no Fee, Gratuity or Reward shall be demanded or giftrring, on taken, directly or indirectly, for Entering or Registring any such Contrail, or any Abstract or Memorial pain of aool. 3 thereof I

All contracts. for Sale or Purchase of Subscriptions of Stock unperformed, or not compounded on 29 Sept. 1721. to e tnfred in b oks before 2 Nov. 1721.

or else be void.

Stat. 2. 3 59

thereof as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting two hundred Pounds to the Party grieve], by the Company or Corporation, who ought to have registered the same gtatis, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Eftbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, That all Contracts for the Sale or Purchase of any Subscription or Stock of the said south-sea Company, or any other Company or Corporation, which shall be u performed in Whole or in Part, and not compounded on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, where the Seller, or the Person on whose Behalf such Contrail was made, was not, at the Time of such Contrail, or within six Days after, actually pofl effect of, or entitled, in his, her or their own Right, to such Subscription or Stock, shall be and is hereby declared null and void, with respect to so much only of the said Stock or Subscription as the Seller, or the Person upon whose Account such Sale was made, was not possessed of, or entitled to as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Special Bail shall be required in any action brought or to be brought upon any contract made since the first Day of December one thou fund seven hundred and nineteen, and before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty, for the Sale or Purchase of any Subscription or Stock of the south-sea Company, or any other Company or Corporation, or pretended Company or Corporation whatsoever; that no Execution dial] be awarded upon any Judgement or Decree, obtained or to be obtained in any action or Suit brought or to be brought upon any Contract for the Sale or Purchase of any Subscription or Stock of the said south-sea Company, or any other Company or Corporation, or pretended Company or Corporation, until the End of the Session of Parliament, which shall be next after the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one.

font concerning this Company 8 Geo. 1. CI & 22.9 Geo. 1. c. 6. 1 Geo. 2. c. 8. 3 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20. 4 Geo. 2. c. 5. 5 Geo. 2. C

C 25 & 28. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17, 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 & II 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

contra's unperformed on z)

1721.

where th: Seller, C was not actually port dfr I of such sto k, declared Void.

No Special Bail for Contracts made lime 1 Dec. 17 t9, and before 1 Dec. 1720. Not any Execution till the End of the Session of Parliament neu a' ter 29 Sept, 1721.

Farther Prcrvi 17. 6 Geo. 2,

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magn$ Britannia, Francis & Hibernian, octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord ' GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, idc. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the nineteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, being the eighth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-two. EXP. z s. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two j and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt ad: to the land-tax for the said Year and for giving Time for inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures; and touching loll Bills, Tickets or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates and for suppressing Lotteries, denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer.

XXXVI. AND whereas, notwithstanding the Provision already made by several Acts of Parliament, Clause for the L for suppressing and preventing of unlawful Lotteries, and Offices and Places, under the lriore effea L ' Denomination of Sales, and taking or making, buying or selling Subscriptions for the Sale of Chances, [^ful^oner's ' or Part, of Chances, to arise on Tickets made out in Pursuance of any Act of Parliament for a publick denominated"^' ' Lottery, many ili disposed Persons, with a Design to evade such Laws, have of late presumed and do Sales, C

daily presume to erect and setup Offices or Places under the Denomination of Sales of Houses, Lands, ' Amended and Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods and other Things, and also have presumed to make, print and publish, enforce<l ugto. ' or cause to be made, printed or published, Proposals or Schemes for advancing final Sums of Money % }lrf^'i0iyl by several Persons, amounting in the Whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by the Chances C,

of the prizes in foine publick Lottery or Lotteries, established or allowed by Act of Parliament, and to <'. 6. /. 56.

deliver out Pickets to the Persons advancing such Sums, to entitle them to a Share of the Money so 10 Ann. C 16.

advanced according to such Proposals, and Advertisements thereof are daily published in the common/io9 ' printed News papers and otherwise; which Practises are highly prejudicial to the Publick and to the' C 9' /

Trade of this Kingdom, and tend to defraud his Majesty's Subjects Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who, after the twenty first Day of December in

the

360 C 3, 4. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Persons who af the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, shall erect, setup, continue of keep, ftalvereftoffices or uife or procure to be erected, setup, continued or kept, any Office or Place under the deno (or Sale, C by ruination of Sales of Houses, Lands, Advowsons, Presentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, way of Lottery, Goods or other Things, for the Improvement of finall Sums of Money; or shall sell or expose to Sale shall forfeit any Houses, Lands, Advowsons, Presentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods or other Things to°he Crown rd way f Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers or Figures, or shall make, print, advertise or another to the publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, Proposals or Schemes for advancing small informer, and Sums of Money by several Persons, amounting in the Whose to large Sums, to be divided among them the other to the by the Chances of the Prizes in some public Lottery or Lotteries, established or allowed by Act of Par foor where, C Jjament; or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out. Tickets to the Persons advancing such Sums to entitle them to a Share of the Money so advanced according to fuclr Proposals or Schemes; or shall make, print or publish, or cause to be made, printed or published, any Proposal or Scheme of the like Kind or Nature, under any Denomination, Name or Title whatsoever; and shall be thereof com idted upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more crediblew itness or Witnesses, by two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Division or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall he found (which Oath such Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to administer) the Person so convicted shall for every such Offence, over and above any former Penalties inflicted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament made against any private or unlawful Lotteries, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one third Part thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi ors, one other third Part thereof to the Informer, and the remaining third Part thereof to the Poor of the l'arish where such Offence shall be committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid; shall also for every such Offence by such Justices be committed to the County gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one whole Year and from thence till the said Sum of five hundred Pounds, so forfeited as aforesaid. be fully paid and satisfied: nevertheless, that any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement or Determination of two or Persons aggrieved inorc such Justices, in any the Cases aforesaid, shall have Liberty to appeal to the next Quarter sessions out e^wvns to head or bae County, City or Place where such Judgement or Determination shall he made or given; C iuiur and that the Judgement to be given by the Justices at the said next Quarter sessions shall be final,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, after the Time aforesaid, shall be Adventurer or Adventurers in, or shall pay any Money or butiy,°safes ot^er Consideration, or any ways contribute unto, or upon the Account of any such Sales, Lotteries, "forfeit' Proposals' or Schemes aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence double the Sum paid or contributed, double the Sum to be recovered with Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his ma contributed, one jesty's Courts of Record at jfejhninjier, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor any more Moiety to the than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Crown, the other q, cr Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

to the Informer. 1

See farther 9 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. 2. c. 35. 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. 13 Geo. 2. c. 19. 29 Geo. 2. c. 7.

4c Clause for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert the Moneys given with Clerks and Apprentices. "Clause for giving further Time to the Accountant General of the Bank to return attested Duplicates "of Annuities into the Exchequer.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Red Herrings, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Red Herrings confirmed at home only, and for ascertaining the Customs and Excile payable for the Sugar houses in Scotland, and for making an Allowance for Salt lost in any Harbour or River of this Realm; and for the better securing the Duties on Salt delivered in Scotland.

5 Geo. 1. C is. 5 JV. fc? M. C 7. 76? 8 ^.3.^.31. iow.^ r. 44. io? 11 3. r. 22.

1 Ann jl.i. c. 27.

2 & 3 Ann. f.14.

Ann. C 71.

5 Ann. C 29.

6 Ann. C 12. q Ann. C 23.

12ann. j}.z. CI

5 Geo. 1. c. 18.4

6 Geo. 1. f. 1 it

1 I. ITT WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts; and for better securing the Duties on Salt, it is enabled, That all Curers of Fish shall be allowed to import foreign Salt, or take from any saltworks or salt pits any such Quantity of British Salt, where the same is allowed by Law, for curing of Fish for Exportation, as they shall think proper, for curing Fish for foreign Markets, without paying any Duty to his Majesty for the same, except the Customs payable upon the Importation thereof; in consequence whereof all Red Herrings spent within this Realm are or should be cured with Salt that has paid the Duties; but in regard the same are cured promiscuously, it is difficult to distinguish them from such as are intended to be exported, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded in his Revenue without a proper Remedy for preventing the same Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

A.D. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C. 4. 361

at the Beginning of every Fishing Season for Herrings the Proprietor or Proprietors of tyre Salt delivered At every Fishinc Duty free for the curing of Herrings for Exportation pursuant to the said Act, or his or their Agent or s.mfon r "r H" agents, shall instead of the Oath required by the said Act, make Oath in Writing before the Officer for [jj, -

the Duty on Salt, at the Office nearest to the Place where the said Salt is lodged (who is hereby impow fr, tjle tiered

to administer the same) declaring th Quantity of the Foreign or British Salt respectively lodged for q'lired by 5 Geo. curing of Fish, and that all the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish for Exportation only, and shall i3.v<m.ke not by his or their Order, Consent or Connivance, directly or indirectly, be sold, given away, or any ah ?{

delivered but for the Purpose aforesaid, except so much thereof as shall be used for curing such Red forcu

Herrings as shall be entered with the Officer of the Place for home Consumption, and charged with the ring fish for Duties by this Act chargeable thereupon. 1 Exportation.

Farther Provisions relating to these Matters, 8 Geo. I. C 16. u Geo. i. C 30. fed. 41, 42. Except Salt ufej for curing Red Herrings for home Consumption.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker or Curer of Red Herrings, from Carer of p.ed '

and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, before be remove a/terr

any Red Herrings (except for Exportation) from the Office or Place where the same shall be cured, shall bfforehe remw from Time to Time make Entry thereof at the next Salt office, and shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs them (except for and Successors, a Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence for every thousand of Red Herrings so to be reexportation) to moved, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity: And that in case such Red Herrings shall make Entry, and be packed or put up in Casks, then the Number of Herrings in each Cask shall be marked on the Head ist housand thereof; and upon Entry and Payment of the Duty, and marking each Cask as aforesaid, a Permit shall t "a

be given gratis by the Salt officer, expressing the Number of Red Herrings for which the Duties shall be marked, paid as aforesaid, and the Marks and Numbers of such Casks, and for what Place the same are intended, Upon Entry, C and whether to be sent by Land or Water Carriage; on Pain of forfeiting all the Red Herrings that shall Permit 1, 1, be be temoved or carried away before Entry he made and the Duty paid, and without the Casks being pj^'t^on^re marked and Permit obtained as aforesaid, and of the Cask or Vessel in which such Herrings shall be found, mova] before and also the Sum of forty Shillftigs for every thousand of Red Herrings so removed, and foin Proportion Entry, C for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be recovered from the Person or Persons who shall so remote or carry These Duties rv away the same; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcll ors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize, sue or inform for the same, to be suetl for, recovered a ^6'. Moiety to and levied in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Penalty or For tlieki'ng; more feiture may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any Law of Excise, or by Action of Debt, ty to thu Officer Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: And ail and every informing. Officer and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, Excise or Duties upon Salt are hereby authorised and rf^eferrin^' empowered to seize all such Red Herrings so removed or carried before Entry and Payment of Duty, and removethefore all other Things performed as aforesaid, and the said Cask or vessels wherein they shall be found. Entry, C

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Proprietor of Salt delivered duty free for curing Red Herrings for Exportation, his or their Agent or Agents, shall in Salt, C toex the Account which after the End of every Fishing Season they are to deliver in Writing into the Salt press the Quan 'office, containing the Quantity of Fish exported or entered and shipped to be exported, on which the centred?or" Salt taken away after its Delivery into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their confomp agent or Agents, has been used or confirmed, as by the former Law is directed (and under the Penalties tion. thereby prescribed) express also the Quantity of Red Herrings entered for home Consumption, on which such Salt has been used or consumed.

IV. And whereas by the aforesaid Act in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, the Proprietor or Pro j Geo. i, .?, i3., prietors of Salt delivered duty free for the curing of Fish for Exportation are required at the End of Owner of

every Fishing Season to deliver an Account in Writing into the Salt office, containing the Quantity tf>"

of Fish exported or entered and shipped to be exported, on which the Salt taken away after its Delivery prefen*e" aa"

into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, has been used officer, whole '

or consumed, together with a Certificate or Certificates by the proper Officers of the several Ports Certificate shall where the said Fish were shipped for Exportation, verifying the said Account: And whereas it may beadm ttedin happen that such Fish may never be exported for want of an Opportunity to hip them while they are fj^of^e^orfa*

good and merchantable, so that the Proprietors of the Salt can have no such Certificate as is by the raid ^equired'b^'"

Act required: ' Be it therefore enacted, That in such Case the Owner of the Fish may cause them to be thea&j Geo. r, destroyed in the Presence of an Officer of the Salt duties; and the officer's Certificate that such Fish C is. were destroyed in his Presence, shall be admitted to verify the Account of the Proprietor of the Salt used in curing them, instead of the officer's Certificate that they were shipped for Exportation required by the said Act.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Du d»tyof is. Sd. ties of Excise on Salt (which now amount to three Shillings and fourpence per Bushel on homemade p'rr^dhertfo Salt, and six Shillings and eight Pence per Bushel on foreign Salt) or any of them, shall cease, deter^mine or be redeemed by Parliament, then the Rate or Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence r Iefiened in pro thousand hereby imposed upon Red Herrings, shall cease or be lessened in Proportion to the Duties portion to du on Salt that shall so cease, determine or be redeemed; anything herein contained to the contrary notes °"

withstanding

VI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in jgeovstac*.

tituled. An Act for raising nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for public Services by Sale of Annuities C ij/fe'&.'io.*

after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum redeemable by Parliament; and to authorise a Treaty

you.'Aaa concerning

Anno octavo Georgii Regis.

A. d.1721.

Proprietors of sugar houses in Scotland to pay the like Duties

concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar houses in Scotland, it was (inter alia) ' enabled, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, should be and they were thereby empowered to treat with the Proprietors of the Sugar houses in Scotland for such Sum or Sums of Money as might be a reasonable Satisfaction for such private Rights of Exemption from Custom and Excise, to which the fai'd Proprietors were entitled: And whereas the said Proprietors of the four Sug r houses in Scotland, commonly called the eci/ler, Wester and South Sugar houses of Glasgow and the Sugar houses of Leith in Pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, and in Consideration of their being released and discharged of and from all Claim and Demand which the Crown might have upon them for Custom or Excise, pretended to be due by them, have proposed to surrender and disclaim all Right, Title and Privilege which they either had or pretended to have, to any Exemption from Custont or Excise; which Propofttion appearing to be just and reasonable, and tending to settle the Trade upon the same Foot in Scotland as it is in England; Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day

Proprietors

discharged.

Recital of Part f the dt 5 Geo. 1. C is.

of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two the said Proprietors shall be subject and liable to pay for their Sugars and other Commodities the same and suchlike Duties of Custom and ex asothersab ess. cife> as any other of his Majesty's Subjects are liable to pay by the Acts of Parliament now in Force; any Right or pretended Right in the said Proprietors to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Conditional

VII. And |-, e; t further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all conditional Bonds or other Semen

t\f° Duties cur tles whatsoever, which on or before the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven before 15 March hundred and twenty-two, have been entered into by the said Proprietors, or either of them, for Payment 1712. void. or Security of any Duties of Custom or Excise, pretended to be due or payable by the said Proprietors, or either of them, as Proprietors of the said Sugar houses, for which they claimed Exemptions, and for which such Bonds or Securities were given as aforesaid, be and the same are hereby declared to be void and of no Force or Effect; and the proper Officer in whose Power or Custody such Bond or Security is or shall be, is hereby authorised and required to deliver up the same to be cancelled.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Proprietors, their Executors and Administrators, and every of them, shall be and are hereby discharged, released and indemnified from the Payment of any Duty of Custom and Excise due or pretended to be due from them as Proprietors of the said sugar houses, and for which they claimed such Exemption as aforesaid, before the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.

1 IX. And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parts; and for the better securing the Duties on saltt Directions are given, that at the End of every fishing Season, the Officers for the Duty on Salt shall take a particular Account of the Quantity of Foreign and British Salt respectively remaining in Hand, which 'remaining Salt shall be immediately locked up in the joint Custody of the said Officer and Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents; and the Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents of the said Salt, using the said Salt as aforesaid, shall as soon as possible, after the End of every fifiring Season, deliver an Account in Writing into the Office for the Duty on Salt, containing the Quantity of Fish exported, or entered and shipped to be exported, on which the Salt taken away after its Delivery into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents has been used and confirm d, together with a Certificate or Certificates by the proper Officer of the several Ports where the said fish were shipped for Exportation, which said Account delivered into the said Office as aforesaid, shall be affirmed by the Oath of the said Proprietor or Proprietors using the said Salt as aforesaid, cr his or tueir Agent or Agents who have used the same; and such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Persons concerned, who shall for the Space of six Months after the End of every fishing Season, neglect or refuse to deliver such Account attested upon Oath as aforesaid, such Proprietor or Proprietors, and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit forty Pounds: And whereas some Doubts have arisen touching the Periods of the several fishing Seasons, and that for the Want of ascertaining the Time when the Accounts aforesaid were to be delivered to the proper Officers, the Merchants Exporters of Fish have in many Places neglected to account for the Salt received by them duty free, under Pretence that the fishing Seasons have no End Times of deli For Remedy whereof, and for the better securing of his Majesty's Revenues, Be it enacted by the Au accounts thority aforesaid, That all such Quantities of Foreign or British Salt as have been delivered duty free, ainti" cers 5 ccf" 'nt0 Custody of any Person whatsoever, for the curing of Fish for foreign Markets since the four

and twentieth Day of fune in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which shall not be accounted for as the said Act directs, on or before the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, shall be accounted for as the said Act directs, on or before the four and twentieth Day of fune, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, under the Penalty of ten Shillings per Bushel, to be recovered of the Proprietor or Proprietors, Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use or Account the said Salt was delivered, for every Bushel so delivered to or received by them duty free for the curing of Fish for foreign Markets.

__________ X And for the more regular accounting for such Salt as shall he delivered duty free for the curing of

duty free, to be Fifn for foreign Markets after the five and twemietn Day of March one thousand seven hundred and amounted for twenty-two. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Chian titles of foreign or British Salt yearly after 25 as pa] ], e fq de] jvered after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

?enalty.

Salt deli7ered

March 1722, C

twenty-two, shall be accounted for yearly as the aforesaid Act directs, within three Months after the

Expiration

A.D. 172 r; Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 5, 6. 363

Expiraiion of each Year and every Person or Perfoilb who shall receive into his or their sole Custody any Quantity of foreign or British Salt duty free for curing of Fish for foreign Markets, that shall neglect or refuse to weign over to the proper Officer what of that Salt shall remain in his or their Hands, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver to the proper Officers yearly, within three Months after the Expiration of each respecttive Year, such Accounts of the Salt received as aforesaid, and of the Fish cured therewith and exported as the Act directs, together with a Certificate or Certificates by the proper Officers of the several Ports where the said Fish was hipped for Exportation, verifying the said Account Penalty on nvg (which Certificates the said Officers are hereby required to gigratis, and without Delay) shall for every lto of Delivery inch Offence forfeit and lose ten Shillings per Bufiiel, to be recovered of the Proprietor or Prop ietors, Accounts ff Person or Persons, to whom or for whose Use or Account the said Salt was delivered, for every Bushel so of fifttcured'*'* delivered to or received by them; one Moiety of all which Penalties aforesaid to be to his Majesty, his and exported. Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the officer or Officers who shall sue or inform for the same Concerning fifoe to be sued for, recovered and levied in such Manner and Form, and with such Bower of Mitigation, as ty, [a farther any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any Law of Excise; 1 Gr0 C. 9* or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin9Gf' z'c' fier, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Elloin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be* C 429* allowed. z.'

26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 18 Geo. 2. c. 14. 29 Geo. 2. c. 23 39. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 30* 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

CXI. And whereas by Storms and violent Rages of the Tides from Sea, into several Ports and Harbours of this Realm of England, diverse Ships, Barges and Lighter Boats, laden With Salt, for which the

Duty and Excise charged tltereon were duly paid, have been stranded, overset. sunk and call away,

within the Bounds and Limits of the same Ports and Harbours, before the same Salt, or any Part thereof hath been landed or delivered on Shore, whereby the said Salt have pel ished and been wholly lost, and many

of his Maj 'fly's good Subjects, Owners of such Salt, have sustained great and heavy Damages thereby,

for which no Relief or Redress in respect to the said Duty and Excise have hitherto been provided: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act f, r the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, it is, among other Things, 1*3 Anna

provided and enacted, That in such Cases, where any Salt, for which the said Duty hath been paid, C

shall by violent or stormy Weather be lost at Sea, any Merchants or other Persons, Owners of the said Salt, being Subjects of this Realm, shall upon due Proof made thereof before such Justices at such Times and in such Manner, and with such Restrictions as in the same Act are set forth, receive a Certificate of such Proof as is therein directed, upon producing thereof to any the Officers appointed to collect the Duties on Salt, the said Officer or Officers shall let such Persons buy the like Quantity of Salt,

as is expressed in such Certificate to be lost, without paying any Duty or Excise for the same, as in and

4 by the said Act is expressed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Relief for Salt such Merchants and others as aforesaid, who shall be Owners of any Salt, which after due Payment of perished, or lost the said Duty shall perish or be lost in any of the Ports or Harbours or Rivers of this Realm, by Storms by Storms, in or Rages of the Tides from Sea or otherwise as aforesaid, shall upon such Proofs to be made thereof, in rjve^of this°r all Points, and in Manner as by the said recited Act is directed, be entitled to such Certificate, and there Realm, upon to such Right and Privilege in all Respects, as any Owners of the like Salt lost at Sea in the like F(, rthrr cbrc, rrr. Case, are entitled to by Virtue of the said Act; any former Law or Statute to the contrary not with i°gsalt° % gn. landing. 16

II. Geo. I. c. 30. 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14geo, 2. f. 22, 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 £? 32.i

CAP. V.

An Act to explain and amend the Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repair 'Continued by ing the Highway from several Places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse and s Geo. 2. C 28.' Hampstead in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

Cap. vr.

An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under.

I. "ITT WHEREAS for giving some Ease to scrupulous Consciences, an Act was made in the first Year 1w, MA; 1, of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for >8.

exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, whereby (among other Things) a Declaration of Fidelity, in the Form therein expressed,

4 is appointed to be made and subscribod by certain Persons, Dissenters from the Church of England, who scruple the taking of any Oath: And whe eas an Act was made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation, & g w 4 and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, under C 34.'5*

the Provisions therein mentioned, which Act being at first temporary, was afterwards farther continued by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the j3 & 14 w. 3.

same Act is made perpetual by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, by which C 4.

last mentioned Act a Form, importing the Effect of the Abjuration Oath, is prescribed to be taken by the said People called Quakers: And whereas the Inconveniences to the said People called Quakers, and

Aaa 2 4 their

Anno octavo Georgii Regis.

Where any Qna jeer is permitted to make the Declaration of Fidelity required by J W.& M. ff. i, C is. or the Affirmation prescribed by 7 & 8 W. 3. C 34, or to make the Effect of the Abjuration enjoined by

A.D. 1721.

their Families, and to others requiring their Testimony, in many Cases are not sufficiently avoided, by Reason of Difficulties among the said Quakers, relating to the Forms of the Declaration, Affirmation i ' and Abjuration before mentioned, as the same are now prescribed: And whereas it is evident, that the said People called Quakers, have not abused the Liberty and Indulgence allowed to them by Law, and they have given Testimony of their Fidelity and Affection to his Majesty, and the Settlement of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and it is reasonable to give them farther Eafeand Relief: 'May it there fore: please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases, where by Law any Quaker is or shall be required or permitted to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity in the Form prescribed by the said first mentioned Add, or to make the solemn Affirmation or Declaration n the Form prescribed by the said Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty

Words, viz.

1 Geo. 1. (tat. 2. C 6. he shall make the following Declaration of Fidelity.

The Declaration. C 4 4 4 4 4 4

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely promise and declare. That I will be true and faithful to King George;

and do solemnly, sincerely and truly profess, testify and declare, that I do from my Heart abhor, detest and renounce, as impious and heretical, that wicked Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be disposed or mur thered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever. And I do declare, that no foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State or Potentate, hath or ought to have any Power, Jurisdiction, Superiority, Preheminence or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm.'

And instead of the Affirmation in & 8 W. 3. flail make the following Affir

And instead of the solemn Affirmation or Declaration, in the Form prescribed by the said Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, every such Quaker Avail make the solemn Declaration or Affirmation following, viz.

mation.

theaffirmation. 1 A.B. do solemnly, sincerely and truly declare and affirm

And instead of And instead of the Form prescribed by the said Act of the first Year

the Form of the for t|le Rft'ect of the Abjuration Oath, every such Quaker shall take tyre Abjvunon by Words

1 Geo. 1. (tat. i. '

C 6 shall take the Effect thereof as follows".

of his present Majesty's Reign, Effect thereof in the following

Iff a of the Ab ' A.B. do felemnly, sincerely and truly acknowledge, profess, testify and declare. That King juration Oath. ' j George is lawful and rightful King of this Realm, and of all other his Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging; and I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I do believe the Person pretended to be the Prince of Wales, during the Life of the iate King James, and lincc his Decease, pretending to ' be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of 'james the Third, ' or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of King of Great Britain, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, nor any other the Dominions thereunto belonging; and I do renounce and refuse any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do solemnly promise, that I will be true and faithful, and bear true Allegiance to King George, and to him will be faithful against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown or Dignity. And I will do my best Endeavour to difelofe and make known to King George, and his Successors, all Treasons and traterous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be made t against him or any of them. And I will be true and faithful to the Succession of the Crown against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the same is and Hands settled by an Act, inti 1 W. sim.ff. 2. ' tilled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succefion of the Crown, to the

cz' ' late Queen Anne, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; as the same, by one other Act,

22 & 13w. 3.*intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and liberties of the

ca. ' Sttbjefl, is and stands settled and intailed, after the Decease of the said late Queen, and for Default of

Issue of the said late Queen, to the late Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, ' and the Heirs of her Body being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknow ledge, promise and declare, according to these express Words by rre spoken, and according to the plain and common ser.fe and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Renunciation The Persons re and Promise, heartily, willingly and truly.

quired to admini

Her the former And all Persons authorised or required to administer or tender, either the said former Declaration offi dctlaration}(h 11 Jelity, or the said former solemn Affirmation or Declaration, or the former Effect, of the Abjuration Oath farneln^the^6 aforesaid, shall be and are hereby authorised and required to administer and tender the same respectively words'1 appointed to the said, People called qiiak&s, in the Words by this Act respectively appointed.,

bj this Act. ' II. And

A.D. 1721. Anno otflavo Georgii Regis. C. 7, 8. 365

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority afortfsaid, That the Declaration of Fidelity and solemn Declaration, C Affirmation or Declaration, and the effect of the Abjuration Oath, appointed by this Act for the said be'of'tlitrlme People called Quakers, in dead of the respective Forms prescribed for the same by the said recited Acts,; °or'c'as if'/kca hall respectively be adjudged and taken to beof such and the same Force and Effect, and ro other, to all in thrvmmr Intents and Purposes, in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere, as if such Quaker had made and subscribed prefcnbtd by ihc the Declaration of Fidelity, or had made the solemn Affirmation or Declaration, or had taken the tticcit focmei Ael*.

of the Abjuration Oath, in the respective Forms appointed by the said recited Acts: And if any Person perform er nvift making such Affirmation or Declaration, as is appointed by this Act to be made, instead of the Affirma ed of fair,: action or Declaration in the Form prescribed by the before mentioned Act of the seventh and eighth Years firming,c._lia of the Reign, of his said late Majesty King William the Third, Ilrall be lawfully convicted of wilful, false and corrupt affirming or declaring any Matter or Thing, which if sworn in the common or usual" " j"'5"' Form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury; every such Person so offending hall incur C 34. and suffer such and the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inflicted or enacted by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, against Persons convicted of wilful and coirupt Perjury.

III. Provided always, That all Clauses, Provisoes and Exceptions, contained in the said recited Acts All Chutes, C or any of them, not hereby expressly altered or repealed, shall be of such and the same Force and Effect, ln 'he recited

as they were before the making of this Act. altered"'to're k

main in Force. Concerning Quakers, see farther izgco, 2. C 13. 22 Geo. 2. c. 46 36.

CAP. VII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be brewed for Sale, vended or tapped within the Town of Elgine and Privileges thereof, for paying the public Debts of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

cu

After March 25, 1722, for 19 Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a Duty of two Pennies Scots laid on all Beer and Ale sold, (Be. in Elgine. Payable by the Brewers, (Be. to the Magistrates."

CAP. VIII.

An act to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit Commerce (for the Space of one Year) with any Country that is or shall be infected with the Plague, and for shortning the Continuance of an Act passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for

repealing an Afi made in the ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefied, more esse finally to perform their Quarantine; and far the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of Infefiion.

WHEREAS several Places in foreign Parts, having for same Time pad been, and (till conti _ nuing to be visited with the Plague, it may be judged necessary by his Majesty, for fecuiing his Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, from so dreadful a ' Calamity, to prohibit or reftain the Commerce between his Majesty's Subjects and those of any other Country or Place, which is or shall be infected with the Plague: And whereas it will be requisite to in force such Prohibition or Restraint by severe Penalties; EXP.'

"The King may by Proclamation, to be issued before December 12, 1722. forbid all Persons to go to any "Place infected, or to export or carry Goods, (sic. to any such Places before March 25, 1723. under the "Penalties specified in this Act, and under the Regulations in such Proclamation. His Majesty may "likewise forbid any Person to come or import any Con modifies from such Places before March 25, 1723.

"Goods, (Be. exported contrary hereto, and the Vessels, (Be. dial] be forfeited. Exporters of such Goods,

"(b. c. shall forfeit double the Value. Persons coming from Places infected shall incur a Presrmmire. Vessels and Persons coming from intedted Places, and attempting to enter any Port of Great Britain or Ire "may be hindered and oppoftd by Force. Vessels and Persons coming and Goods brought from in —

"fedted Places, and landing contrary to this Act, such Persons shall be adjudged Felons without Bene "of Clergy, and such Ship and Goods shall be burnt. Persons procuring such Goods to be imported,

"flrall forfeit the treble Value thereof. Two thirds of the Forfeitures to the King, the other third to "the Informers."

The Act of 7

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act passed in the seventh Year cfgco stat his pres nt majesty's Reign entitled, ' An Act for repealing an Act made in the ninth Year of her late jj p0l[.°c, °iinnutr

Majesty Queen Anne, 'intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefied more effectually to per March 2.5, 1723,

in their quarentir.e; and for the better preventing the Plague bein > brought from foreign Parts into Great no Jongtr.

Britain or Ireland, or isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the Spreading of In 26 Geo 2-

section, or anything therein contained, shall not continue in Force any longer than until the said 2, 3

twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; anything in the said Act eft. z. C s.

contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. CAP. 53 Gw. I. C sa.

D. 1721.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis.

CAP. IX.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between a certain Place, called kilburn bridge in the County of Middlesex, and sparrows herne in the County of Hertford; and for making the said Act more effectual, PR.

[Continued for twenty-one Years after the Expiration thereof. Farther continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 14.]

CAP. X

An Act for repealing such Clauses in the Act passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (relating to Quarentine and the Plague) as give Power to remove Persons from their Habitations, or to make Lines about Places intested. '

7 Geos. fiat. 1. ' I. WHEREAS by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti

c. 3* ' \\ tuled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne, entitled, ' An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarentine and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great bri tain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of

*Infection, It is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person infefted with tyre Plague, or obliged

C to perform Quarentine, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair within convenient Time, after due no tice for that Purpose given to him, her or them, by the proper Officer to the Ship, House, Lazaret or other Place, duly appointed for him, her or them, or having been placed in such Ship, House, Lazaret, or other Place, shall] escape or attempt to escape out of the same, whilst he, she or they shall continue in fefted, or before Quarentine fully performed respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen and other Persons appointed to see Quarentine performed, by any Kind of Violence that the Case shall require, to compel every such Person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such

so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return unto such Ship, House, La

or other Place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid; every such Person so refusing or neg

lesting to repair within convenient Time after such Notice as aforesaid, into such Ship, House, laza s ret or other Place appointed for him or her as aforesaid, and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy: s And it is by the said recited Act also further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter, any City, Town or Place within Great Britain or Ireland, shall be infefted with the Plague, It shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to cause one or more Line or Lines, C Trench or Trenches, to be cast up or made about such infefted City, Town or Place, at a convenient

5 Distance from the same, in order to cut off the Communication between such infefted City, Town or Place, and the rest of the Country; and to prohibit all Persons, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever,

to enter, pass or be carried over such Lines or Trenches, unless in such Cases and by such proper LI ' cence, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions for Performance of Quarentine, as shall be di, C rested or permitted by any Order or Orders made, or to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors in Council, and notified by Proclamation; and in case any Person or Persons, being within such

or T renches or any of them, shall! during the Time of such Infection, presume or attempt to

come out of the same, unless in such Cases, and by such proper Licence, and subject to such Regulati

ons and Restrictions for Performance of Quarentine, as shall be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made or to be made, and notified as aforesaid; shall and may be lawful to and for the Watch

or Persons appointed to guard or secure such Lines or Trenches or any of them, by any Kind of Violence that the Case shall require, to compel all and every such Person and Persons to return back within such Lines or Trenches, and in case any Person shall actually come out of such Lines or Trenches,

or any of them (unless in such Cases, and by such proper Licence, and subject to such Regulations and

Restrictions as aforesaid) every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a ' Felon without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas the Execution of the Powers and Authorities mentioned in the said recited Clauses might be very grievous to the Subjects of this kingdombe it therefore

The Clauses in enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, temove persons That the said recited Clauses and the Powers therein mentioned, and all other Powers in the said Act, to infected to any compel any Person or Persons to remove from his, her or their Habitations, to any Ship, Lazaret or other Ship, cot to Place, shall be and are hereby repealed and made void from and after the five and twentieth Day of March make Lines one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.

about any City,

C infected, or to compel Persons to remove from their Habitations, repealed after March 25, 1722.

This Act shall

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to repeal or make void any not 'epeal any of the powers or Penalties in the said recited Act mentioned, relating to Persons who shall be on board na'ue^ittth^" any Ship obliged to perform Quarentine, or shall come on Shore, or go on board any other Ship from fr, nr Act, re any Ship obliged to perform Quarentine, but that such Powers and Penalties shall be and remain in as full In ns 10 Persons Force as if this Act had not been made. CAP

obliged to peru

m Quarentine, &£. See farther 26 Geo. 2. c. 6. 27 Ga, 2. t. is. zygci.z. c. %. 33 Geo. 2. r. 16.

A.D. 1721.

C 11, 12. 367

Anno octavo Georgii Regis.

CAP. XI.

An act for restoring and rebuilding the Haven and Piers of Bridport in the County of Dorset, and for making a Sluce there.

PR.

t

WHEREAS good Harbours and Ports for Shipping are the greatest Encouragement to Trade and Navigation, upon which the Riches and Strength of this Kingdom do chiefly depend

And whereas the Borough or Town of Bridport in the County of Dorset, was heretofore by Reason of the Haven or Port there, a Place of great Trade and Commerce, and as such have been taken Notice of by several Charters of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, and other ancient Records; but by Reason of a 4 great Sickness, which heretofore happened in the said Borough or Town, and swept away the greatest Part of the wealthy Inhabitants thereof, and by other Accidents, the said Haven became neglected and choked with Sands, and the Piers thereof fell to Ruin, to the great Decay of the Trade of the said Bo 4 rough; and as now there is no Security for Ships that happen to come, or be driven by Stress of Wea there into the deep and dangerous Bay, wherein the said Haven formerly was. Shipwrecks frequently happen, and the Lives and Effaces of many of his Majesty's Subjects are lost, which might be prevented,

4 if the said Haven and Piers were restored and rebuilt with proper and convenient Sluce or Sluces to scour and cleanse the same, and the ancient Trade of the said Borough thereby might be revived, his Majesty's Customs much augmented, and the Value of Lands adjacent be greatly improved: To the End therefore that the said Haven or Harbour, and Piers, may be restored and rebuilt, and such Sluce or Sluces made, with proper and convenient Keys, Wharves and Landing Places, for loading and un loading of Ships Be it enacted, is'e.

"The bailiff's and Capital Burgesses of Bridport in Com. Dorf. appointed Trustees for repairing the Haven and Piers there, is'e. And they or their Assigns may, after June 24, 1721. assign a Place near Bridport Mouth, where the said Harbour, Piers, Sluces, is'e. shall be made, where the Materials shall be laid,

"is'c. The major Part of the Bailiffs, is'e. may remove Rocks and Stones on the Seashore, within three "Miles from Bridport Mouth; may have free Passage, isv. But they shall agree with the Owners, sc

the Ground. If any Persons refuse to agree, or through Disability cannot, two Justices of Dorset flnrc may issue Precepts to the Sheriff of that County, for impanelling a Jury. The Sheriff to return twenty-four qualified Persons, to whom the Parties interested may have legal Challenges. The first twelve being itvorn, shall assess Damages to the Proprietors. The Justices to give Judgement for the'

Sums assessed. There shall be paid to the Collectors for every weigh of Salt, Lait of Wheat, Rye, is'e.

Chaldron of Coals and Tun of other Goods, imported and exported 12 d. Every Ship, is'e. of ten Tun Burden, or above, to pay 2d. per Tun. The Bailiffs, is'e. may convey the Duties as a Secu rity for Money borrowed. When the Bailiffs, isfe. are repaid the Money laid out, the Duties shall cease: from t henceforth each Weigh of Salt, Last of Wheat, is'e. Chaldron of Coals and Tun of other Goods, is'e. imported or exported, shall pay only 6d. And each Ship, is'e. id. per Tun. sa- ving to the Lords of Symondsbury, Burton and Bothenhampton, all their Rigiits, isc.

CAP. XII.

An act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a good 3 & 4 Arm,

Law was made for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Planta cio

tions in America, by an at which commenced the first Day of Jan ary one thousand seven hundred and five, and continued from thence forward for the Space of nine Years; and by an act made in the twelfth nanna^stat.i 4 Year of her said late majesty's Reign, the aforesaid Act is continued from the Time of the Expiration of the same, for the further Ti rm of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and by the Act last mentioned, Encouragement is given for the Importation of Naval Stores from that Pait of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England, during the Remainder of the Time limited for granting Premiums to the Importers of Naval Stores from America,

hythe said Adds: And whereas, in Consequence of the said Encouragement, it is found by Experience that great Quantities of good and merchantabh: Pitch and Tar (Part of the Naval Stores mentioned in the said Acts) have been imported into this Kingdom from the said Plantations in America, which Pitch

and Tar have been found useful for the Service of his Majesty's Navy, and it is necessary to give fur

there Encouragement therein: And whereas it is probable that the Owners of large Tracts of Land in the said Plantations, and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, lying near the Sea, and upon na vigable Rivers, would be induced to sow the same with Plemp, if farther Encouragement were given for that Purpose May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Premium or Reward of six Pounds, given by the said Acts for every Tonne of Hemp Premium for

Ten of Hemp,

C continued from Expiration of the Act 12 Ann, for 16 Years, C ' Farther continued by 16 Geo. C 26, 24 Geo. r »57.' and 31 Geo. 2. c. 35 1 water

1., 368 C 12. 'anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

water rotted, bright and dean, each Tonne containing twenty gross Hundreds and six Pounds, shall be continued from the Expiration of the said Act of the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for and during the Term of sixteen Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and shall be paid and payable in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Methods and Restrictions, as are prescribed in and by the said former Acts or either of them, touching the same; and all such Hemp, being lawfully imported into this Kingdom after the four and twentieth Day of "June one thousand seven Hemp imported hundred and twenty-two, shall be free and clear of and from all Duties, Customs and Impositions what after 24 June soever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, any Law, Custom or other matter or Thing to 1722, duty free. contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas great Quantities of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, herein after particularly enumerated, (that is to say) Deals of several Sorts, Timber Baulks of several.4 Sizes, Barrel Boards, Clap Boards, Pipe Boards, or Pipe Holt, White Boards for Shoemakers, Boom, and Cant Spars, Bow Staves, Capravens, Clap Holt, Ebony Wood, Headings for Pipes, and for Hogsheads and Barrels, Hoops for Coopers, Oars, Pipe and Hogshead Staves, Barrel Staves, Firkin Staves, £ Trunnels, Speckled Wood, Sweet Wood, Small Spars, Oak, Plank and Wainscot, or some of them, have usually been imported into this Kingdom from foreign Countries at excessive Rates or Prices, £ especially in Time of War, and Foreigners have thereby found Opportunities to export the coined Mo 4 nies of this Realm; and it is well known that the said Commodities, being of the Growth and prod uft £. of his Majesty's Plantations in America, may be furnished from thence, if due Encouragement was given Wooi!, Lumber, in that Behalf: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and per i C exceptmafts, soils, who, 'within the Term of one and twenty Years, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth Day C imported of fune one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, shall import or cause to be imported into Great bri for ^y'ears'vf' tatn' directly from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, in any Ship or Vessel, ^r*vjun"7*ai Ships or Vessels, which may lawfully trade to or from his Majesty's said Plantations or Colonies, and duty Free.*which shall be navigated according to Law, any Sort of Wood, Plank or Timber whatsoever, wrought or unwrought, or any of the Goods called Lumber, before in this Act enumerated, such Wood, Plank, Timber and Lumber, being of the Growth and Product of the said Plantations or Colonies, or some of 'a"fall1 imported them (except Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, touching which Duties and Premiums are ascertained by for duty frettbyf' tner Acts in that Behalf) shall and may import the same free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, 1 Geo. 2. Stat. granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

C 17 f. 5-

Continued by 31 Geo. 2. c. 35. to 29 Sept 1764.

See. of the Navy, Such Hemp not contracted for by them within 10 Days, to be otherwise dht f>ofed of

3 &4 Ann. cio.

12 Ann. Slat, C 9.

Pre emption of

III. And to the End his Majesty's Royal Navy may, from time to time, have the Benefit of so much of ^be^e'dered^o blemp, as hlan be requisite for the Service thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Commissionersl° tat upon the Importation of any Hemp, for which any Bounty or Premium is by this or any former Act given, the preemption or Refusal of such Hemp shall be offered and tendred to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or some of their Agents for the Time being, upon landing the same; and if within the Space of twenty Days after such Tender, the said Commissioners shall not contrast or bargain for the same, it shall be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners of such Hemp, otherwise to dispose thereof, as by Law they may, for his, her or their best Profit and Advantage.

IV. And whereas in and by the said Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America, a Reward or Premium was given for Tar, brought into this Kingdom directly from her Majesty's Plantations in America, after the Rate of four Pounds for every Tonne of good and merchantable Tar, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as are therein mentioned; which Act was continued by one other Act made in the twelfth Year of the same Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, and is still in Force; and by the said last mentioned Act the like Reward or premium of four Pounds per Ton, was extended to and given for Tar brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisoes, as in the Case of plantation Tar: And whereas by one other Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, the said Reward or Premium is to be allowed for such Tar only as should be clean, good, merchantable, and well conditioned, and fit for making Cordage; and nevertheless, the tar imported from the said Plantations has hitherto been found to retain an hot and thick Quality, whereby it is not soit for making Cordage, as the East Country Tar: Wherefore for Remedy thereof for the future, and to the End his Majesty's Navy may have the Benefits intended by the said Acts, in being supplied with Plantation Tar fit for making Cordage; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall

ficate to be made be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, no Certificate be made out by by officer of the any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, in any Port of this Kingdom, for any Tar which shall be imported Customs for Tar jnt0 Kingdom, from any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, nor any Bill made out no?biu granted by the Commissioners or principal Officers of his Majesty's Navy, whereby to entitle the Importer of such

by Commissioners of Navy to entitle Importer to a Premium, unless Certificate from Governor, &jc. do exptefs that such Tar was made from green Trees in Manner hereby prescribed.

Tar

jfceo.

After 29 Sept. 1724. nocerti

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 12. 369

Tar to any Reward or Premium, unless the Certificate of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector l»f the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them (which Certificate is by the said Act of the third and fourth Years' of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, directed to be by them made fotit in such Terms, Manner and Porm, and for such Intents and purposes as are therein mentioned) do The Manner, express, That itha^ appeared to them (the persons.so certifying) by the Oath of the Owner or Maker of the Tar, for which such Certificate shall be granted (such Oath to be made before any Justice of the Peace within the Colony or Plantation where such Tar shall be made, who is hereby authorised to administer the same) that the Tar therein mentioned was made from green Trees prepared for that Purpose, after the following Manner; that is to say. That when such Trees were fit to bark, the Hark thereof was stripped eight Foot, 'or thereabouts, up from the Root of each Tree, a Slip of the Hark of about four jj5, zg^z. lltiches in Breadth having been left on one Side of each Tree; and that each Tree after having been foc.; s, Y, 12. bark'd, had (lood during one Year at the lead, and was not before cut down for the making of Tar; anything herein, or in any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas the Laws already made, and (till in Force, for the Preservation of White Pine trees in his Majesty's Colonies of New Thmipshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main. rhode island,

tinn pf/i .71 lao+iri p)n nt sit A7V»*» rr 91 [of Pntinfrir v1 n rrf r 11 t re? oriil c'.rtii rt C 1 rut in P ruilnn/1

are great Numbers of White Pine trees fit for Making the Royal Navy, growing in his Majesty's Province of Nova Scotia in America; 'Be it therefore ciia&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty first Day of September one thousand fever, hundred and twenty-two, no Person or Persons no whit? pine within the said Colonies or Plantations of Nova Scotia, New Hampshire;, the massachusets Bay, and Province Trees: cof Main, rhode island Tend Providence Plantation, the Narragafet Country, os King's Province, and Con after

V England, and New York, and Newjerfey, in America, or within any of them, do or shall, Sept, t, sell or destroy any White Pine trees, not growing within any Township, or the Bounds, Farther Provi

nebicut in New

presume to cut

Lines or Limits thereof, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, without his Majesty's Royal Licence relating for so doing first had and obtained; on Pain that every Person lb cutting, selling and destroying such Pine 1'erct0>*G

or who shall be aiding or assisting the rein, or in drawing away the said Pine Trees, after the same C 35'

shall have been' so cut, felled or destroyed, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the feverhl and respective Suitis following; That is' to say, for every White Pine tree, of the Growth of twelve Inches p«nal cioa Diameter and under, at three Foot from the Earth, the Sum of five Pounds; for every such Tree, from ofil: nd': rs twelve Inches to eighteen Inches Diameter, the Sum of ten Pounds,; for every such T ree, from eighteen

Inches to four and twenty Inches Diameter, the Sum of twenty Pounds.; and for every such tree, from

four and twenty Inches Diameter and upwards, the Sum of fifty Pounds; which several Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be sued for within six moaths after the Offence committed, by Plaint or How to be re information, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Judge of, the Admiralty, or his Deputy, within the Colony or Plantation, where such Pine tree shall be cut, felled or destroyed; Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures to be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the other Moiety to' the Informer who shall Cue for the same; and in Case any Dispute shall arise whether such Tree, when cut, felled or destroyed, was growing within any Township, or the Bounds, Lines or Limits thereof as aforesaid, the Proof shall lie upon the Owner; and on Conviction' of such Offender for such Offence as aforesaid, if he shall refuse or neglect to pay the.penalty.and Forfeiture thereby inclined by the Space of twenty Days after such Conviilion, that then such Judge or his Deputy shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, rendering the Overplus, if. any be, to the Owner; and when no sufficient Distress can be found, such Judge or Deputy shall commit the Offender to Prison, within the Colony or Plantation where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, during' such Time as such Judge or Deputy shall appoint, not exceeding twelve Months, nor less than three Months, or until such Offender shall pay the Penalty or Sum of Money, so recovered; and after such Payment made,

hail like wise find sufficient Security for his good Behaviour, during the Space of three Years, to be accounted from the Time of such his Conviction: And it is hereby declared, That all White Pine trees, T M Masts or Logs made from such Trees, which from and after, the said one and twentieth Day of September e; yeu«dwuh cme thousand seven hundred and twenty-two shall be found cut or felled without such Licence as afore out Licence, forbid; in any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, shall be forfeited and seized for the Use of feited to the his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; former Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with Kln8 handing.

VI. And whereas by one other Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen9A, lnc> I7'

Anne, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of white and, other Pine trees growing in her Majestfs Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main, and Rhode Island, and Providence plantation, the Narraganset Country, or King's Province, Connecticut in New England, and New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the Majiing her ma)ejlys Navy, It was, amongst other Things,

enacted, That no Person or Persons, within the said Colonies and Plantations, shotild cut, sell or de stroy any White Pine tree, fit for Mast (not being the Property of any private Person) such Tree be

of the Growth of four and twenty Inches Diameter and upwards, at twelve Inches from the Earth, without her Majesty's Licence, on the penalty of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered, levied'

'arid distributed, as therein is mentioned; 'Be it hereby further enacted, That so much of the said act Repeal of Part

of9 Ann. e. ay;

for Preservation of White and other Pine Trees, C

Vol. V B b b as

White Pine

b b

379, c. 13 — 15. Anno o<?cavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Tanker Prcw as relates to the cutting, selling or destroying such White Pine trees, and the Penalties, to be incurred Jions relating to thereby, "itletll, from and after the one and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and the Plantations, twenty-two, be and Hand absolutely repealed.

S Geo. 1. c. 15.,

13 Geo. i. C 5. 2 Geo. 2. c. 35. 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 28. 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 9, 6 Geo. 1. c. 33. 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30.

15 Geo. 2. c. 33 & 33. z4 Geo. 2. c. 51 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 £? 35. 30 ga. 2. C 9.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Amending the Highways leading from Brcmtpion Bridge near Church Brampton in the County of 'Northampton, through the p^rish ofthornby, to a Bridge called ivelford Bridge in the Parish of well ford in the said County; and also the great Pod road from a Place called Mortcr Pit Hill in the Parish of Pi ford in the Paid County, through the Towns and Parishes of Brixworth, Lamport. maidwell Kclmarsh and Oxenden Magna, to a Bridge called Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the County of Leicester.

PR.

The toll granted by this Act is to have Continuance from the 25th of March 1721, for Years. [Continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 8.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for making the River Eden navigable to Bank End in the County of Cumberland,

PR.

"The Undertakers Thomas Pattinson, C their Heirs and Assigns, empowered to improve the Passage of "the River Eden, and render it more navigable for Barges, GY. from Ellin Foot to Bank End. To which "Purpose they may.cleanse, deepen, GY, the said River, erect new Works, GY. Remove Sand, GY, ' "They shall not straighten the River but by making it deeper. The Justices for Cumberland in Quarter "to determine what Satisfaction shall be given to the Owners of Grounds. To summon the' P Parties concerned, and inquire by witnesses upon Oath of the Damage. Tolls to be taken by thet "Undertakers for 31 Years, viz. For every pun of Coal eight Pence, and for every Tun of Cynders 1 "one Shilling and fourpence, and for every Tun of Lime or Limestone eight Pence. Persons throwing "Dirt into the River may he sued, and shall pay the Coils of the Removal, and treble Cods of Suit., "Saving to the Lords, GY. of Royalties, GY, their Liberties of Filling, GY. Coals carried from Ellen "Boot to Bank End, not liable to the Duty. Owners of Boats shall enter into Bond to land the Coals in "the Bay of the River Eden in Com. Cumberland, and bring a Return signed by the proper Officer, ".ft. to be paid for the Bond, and 4 d. for the Return. Mailers of Boats, GY. not obliged to take a "a Certificate, GY. for loading or conveying Lime from Creek to Creek between Ellen Foot and Bank End.

CAP. XV.

An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off' several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported; and for the Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only, and that the two Corporations' of Assurance on any Suits, brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit.

Tor former Laws concerning Silk, (Stc. see 19 H. 7. < 21. 13 14

Car. 2. f. 13 sf IJ. 20 Car. 2. C zft.&m. St. i. C 9. f 6 IV.&M. C 20. c&yk.l. c.tz. z&glt L '36 cf&ioit.s. c. 30 £? 43. 5 jftjrf.

C 20. 6 Ann. C 19^, 1 Geo. X C 36. see. 21.

1.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty, Whereas the Wealth and Prosperity of this Kingdom doth very much depend upon the Improvement of its Manufactures, and the profitable Trade carried on by the Exportation of the same, which Trade ought, by all proper Means, to be: encouraged, for the more comfortable Support and Maintenance of great Numbers of your majesty's 1 Sufcjefts employed in the Making or Working of such Goods, and for the Enlargement of the Com!

of Great Britain: And whereas the Manufacture of Silk Studs, and of Studs mixed with Silk, ' which is one of the most considerable Branches of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, has of late Years been greatly improved in this Kingdom, and there is Reason to believe that the Exportation of ' them into foreign Parts would considerably increase, were it not obstructed and hindered by Reason of; ' the high Duties payable upon the Importation of raw and thrown Silk, without any Allowance being, ' made, upon the said Silks when wrought up and exported; and in regard the said raw and thrown Silk:when exported unmanufactured, do draw back great Part of the Duties paid inwards; and it seems jud and reasonable that the said Silks, when made up, 'should also enjoy the same Benefit and Allow upon the.exportation of them; and for that there is a Wade of the raw and thrown Silk used in the manufacturetherefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament adembled, do humbly pray your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be iyenacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Allowances or Sums of Money hereafter in this Act express'ed, shall be paid to any Person or Persons at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of three roanufaaured in Years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty

Great Britain.,

These Clauses farther continued by n Geo. X C 29. feb. 2. for three Years, and to the End of the next Sefikvn, and farther continued by 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. to Sept, 1734. Explained by 1 Geo. 2. Stat. 2. C. 17.' fe. 10, f Farther continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 35. and by 20 Geo. 2. c. 45.' And by 26 Geo. 2. c. 32.

A how aces to Exporters of Commodities

3

two.

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Rep is.

C

r5

two, or at any Time or Times before the End of ths then next Session of Parliament, shall really and truly export out of this Kingdom by way of Merchandise, any of the Goods or Commodities of the

: 37r

Manufacture of Great Britain herein after particularly specified, and foin Proportion for any greater Quantity; that is to say,

For all Ribbons and Stuffs made in Great Britain of Silk only, and exported as aforesaid, the Sum of three Shillings for every Pound Weight Averdupois. of Sllk np;

For all Silks and Ribbons made in Great Britain of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, and exported as st'k'f10, aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Pound Weight Averdupois. Silver

For all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringes, Silk Laces, Stitching or Sewing Silk made in Great s!ik Siocklna. Britain, and exported as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and threepence for every Pound weight Averdupois.

For all Stuffs of Silk tind Grogram Yarn made in Great Britain, and exported as aforesaid, the Sum sty^of s, lk of eight Pence for every Pound weight Averdupois. _ Yarn

For'all Stuffs made in Great Britain of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, and exported as aforesaid, s; ik mixed with the Sum of one Shilling for every Pound weight Averdupois. inde or Gotten.

For all Silks made in Great Britain of Silk and Worsted, and exported as aforesaid, the Sum of six Stuffs of Silk Pence for every Pound weight Averdupois. ard Worried.

Which several and respective Allowances, or Sums of Money for each Species before mentioned. By whom the shall be paid and answered by the Customer or Collector of the Customs, with the Privity of the Con Allowances shall holler of the Port, from whence the same shall be exported, on a Debenture to be made forth by the be p "'

Cuilomer or Collector, according to the Entry of the Goods, and the Shipping thereof verified by the

Searcher, and Oath made by the Exporter on the Entry or Debenture, before the Customer or Collector, or Controller of such Port, that the said Goods are of British Manufacture, and expoited or intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, the Exporter, with one or more Person or Persons, first giving sufficient Security to the said..',

or Collector of the Port, in a Penalty of the Value of the Goods (which Security they are g "canntby Ex' hereby impowered to take in the Name and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) that p0rl"t( that such Silk, Stuffs, or other Manufactures before mentioned, so fnipped or intended to be dripped, or any Silks, '&c. (nil Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Part of Great Britain, and not rtl.mdeil. such securities shall be discharged in the Manner hereafter mentioned, that is to lay, For such of the how

said Goods as shall be entered Yor or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, xueve of by

Alderney, Sark or Man, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring in a Certificate in discharge there i Geo. 2. statu

of, within six Months from the Date of the Bond, and within eighteen Months for such of the said C 17. feci. 9.

Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, which respective Certificates for such Silks, Stuffs, or other Manufactures aforesaid, as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall he signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, importing that such Gohds were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such Silk, Stuffs, and other Manufactures aforesaid, as shall be entered for the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, if any, such Officer or Officers shall be rending in tirofe Islands respectively, and for want of such Officer residing the re, then by the Governor of those Islands, or the Deputy governor thereof respectively; and for such Silk, stuff's, or other Manufactures aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any other foreign Port or Place, to bring a Certificate under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place that such Silks, or other Manufactures, were there landed; or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof in either of the said Cases, that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas', the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotlatiil respectively for the Time being.

II. And for the better preventing Frauds in the entering any of the said Goods under a wrong De Searcher, C af nomination, to the Prejudice of the Revenue, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That rer.entj' to it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Searcher, or other proper Officer of the Customs, after the amlne Bale: > Entry of any of the said Goods, and before or after the Shipping thereof, to open and ftricily examine any Bale, Truss, Chest, of other Package, as now by Law they may do, to see if the Goods are right entered; and if on such examination the same shall be found to be right entered, the Officer shall at his own Charge cause the same to be repacked, to the Satisfaction of the Exporter, which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they think it reasonable; but in case the said Officer shall find the said Goods, or any Part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong Denomination, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded in the Allowance to be paid on the Exportation of such Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, all such Goods so wrong Goods wrong entered shall and may be seized, and the same, as likewise the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, l^ted

and shall and may be prosecuted and' divided as herein after mentioned. "jith Ue'

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Allow formamifoaures antes shall not be demanded or made for' such of the said' Manufactures mixed with Gold or Silver, when mixed^ffh Gold they are only so mixed at the Edges and the Ends of the Pieces, or for such of the said Manufactures or silver on the mixed with Silk, when they are only so mixed at the Edges or Ends of the Piece; and if any Difoute Edges, C cnlj. shall arise concerning any of the said Manufactures, that is to say. Whether the same were made' in fonstut'n'1*

b Z Gt Cat hereto, 9 Geo. I.

C S. fc£t. 9.

372 C 15. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

c«us Pnkandi. Great Britain, or touching the Quality of the Goods, the Onus Probtindi Dial! lie on the Exporter, Claimer of Owner thereof, and not on the Officer.'

Manufactures

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Silk, Stuffs, xeunded without or other Manufactures aforesaid, shipped to be exported, for which Allowance is hereby made, shall be unl fstn case of relanded or unshipped in any Port or Place in Great Britain, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of Din refs forfeit this Act, without the Licence of one or more of the principal Officers of such port or Place first had and ed, 'with Penalty obtained, or unless it be in case of Distress to save the said Goods from perishing, which (half be forth of Bond, and with made known to one of the said Officers, the Goods (over and above the Penalty of the Bond to be treble Value, levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use as aforesaid) and treble the value of such Goods shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted and divided in the Manner herein after mentioned. Allowances to V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Allowances shall and maybe be paid by the paid by the respective Customer or Collector, out of any Money in his Hands, arising from Customs or Ld ahow d^ri ot^er Duties upon Goods imported from Parts beyond the Seas, and the Money so paid shall be. ac the 1 X acconn^s. ccpted of in his or their Account as so much paid to his Majesty, and he and they is, are, and shall be .'discharged thereof accordingly.

Allowances to he

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the abatsdin Proporu Customs or other Duties now payable on the Importation of foreign thrown or raw Silk, shall during tion to.custom* the Continuance of this Act be redeemed, or otherwise cease to be payable, so much of the Allowance fjtifotprc iu or Allowances to be made on the Exportation of the Silk, Stuffs, or other Manufactures before men jitlt concerning tioned, shall be abated, as shall bear a Proportion to the Customs or Duties so redeemed, or that shall sit, &c. cease to be payable on the Importation of thrown or raw Silk; anything herein contained to the cofi9Gm. 1. C 8. trary notwithstanding.

I Geo. 2. c. 17. vef,

23 Geo. 2. C9 & 20. 26 Geo. 2. c. 21.

After 25 March 17zz. jduties oa goods of british product exported to cease

Duties on al lom, Lead, C exported, to continue.

On Entry, &c. all Goods of British Produce, lawfully exposed, to be Cu horn free,

On Entry Dying prugsf &c. imported duty free.

Refer to % &9IV 3. C 34.

3 Ann. C 4./. S. 7 Anne. S. /. 12. 1 Geo. 1. c. 43.

3 % Car. 2. C: S

VII. And for the further Encouragement of the British Alarm fa Bures, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred ancf twenty-two, the several and respective Subsidies and other Duties whatsoever payable to his Majesty, his heirs or Successors, by any Law now in Force, upon the Exportation of any Goods, and Merchandizes, of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer due or payable) for so much of the said Goods or Merchandizes as shall from thenceforth.be exported, except such Goods and Merchandizes, touching which a special Provision is herein after made.

VIII. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to determine, alter or lessen the several or: respective Subsidies of Poundage, or other Duties payable upon the Exportation of Allom, Lead, Lead Ore, Tin, Leather tanned, Copperas, Coals, Wool Cards, white Woollen Clothes, Lapis Calaminaris, Skins of all Sorts, Glew, Coney Hair or Wool, Hares Wool, Hair, of all Sorts, Horses, and Litharge of Lead; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any person or Persons, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, to export out of any Port of this Kingdom, in which there is a Customer or.collector, all such Goods and merchandizes of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, as may now be lawfully, exported, and that without paying any Subsidy or other Duty whatsoever (other than for the Goods or Merchandizes, touching which an Exception or Special Provision is before made in this Act) so as a due Entry be first made of the said Goods or Merchandizes in such customhouse respectively, where the same shall be exporte'd, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Goods as was used and practised before the making of this Act., and so as the same be shipped by the proper Officer for that Purpose, on Failure whereof the said Goods to be liable to the Payment of the Duties as if this Act had never been made; any Law, Statute, Provision or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And for the further Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the promoting the Importation of Drugs, and other Goods used for Dying; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, it shall and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom all Sorts of Drugs and other Goods herein after particularly enumerated, which are used for Dying; that is to say, Agarick, Aiinotto, Antimonium Crudum, Aquafortis, Argoil, Arfenitk, Baybernes, Brazil jvooil, Braziletto wood, Cochineal, Cream of Tartar, Fufhck, Galls, Gum Arnbick, os Gum Seneca, Indtco of all Sorts, Ifmglass, Litmus, Logwood, Madder of all Sorts, Madder Boots, Nicaragua' wood, Orchal, Orchelia, Pomgranate Peels, Red wood, Saflower, Sal armmiack, sal gem, Sappan wood, Red Saunders, Shoemack, Sticklack, Turnsole, Valonia and Verdegrease, without paying any Subsidy, C uftom, fmpofttion, or other Duty whatsoever for the same Salt petre always excepted) so as a due Entry be first made thereof in the customhouse belonging to the Port into which such Drugs, or other Dying Goods, shall be imported, in the same Marnier and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Goods as was used and practised before the making of this Act, and so as the same be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose. so as such Importation be according to the Rules prescribed and enjoined by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth fi ear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and on Failure of the said Conditions or Directions herein ialt mentioned, such

1

ever) aos.

Agaridc trimmed.

Agari: k rough.

Ahnotto.

antunen'um

crutium.

A.D. 1721. Anno otftevo. Georgii Rtgis. C 15. 373

Drugs or Dying Goods shall be liable to the paymentr of the respective Duties, as if this act had never been made; any Law, Statute, Provision or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And to the End the Encouragement given to the Manufactures of this Kingdom in allowing the before mentioned Foreign Drugs, or other Goods used in Dying, tube imported duty frde, according to the true Meaning of this Act, may in no wise tend to the Benefit of Mamlfactures made in Foreign Parts, as it may do, should such Drugs, or other Goods nfed in Dying, be again carried out of this Kingdom, without paying any Duty for the same, whereby they may be sold in Foreign Markets so much cheaper Wc your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant to your Majesty, and do humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all foreign Goods, in Pv'

Commodities or Materials used in Dying, which shall be imported into this Kingdom free of Duty by ing' imported Virtue of this present Act, and which, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven duty free, and hundred and twenty-two, shall be again exported thereout, there shall be paid and answered to his Ma after March jesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Subsidy of Poundage upon the Value of twenty Shillings, according to 'Z the several Rates and Values hereafter mentioned, the Sum of sixpence, and so after that Rate for greater tl'^' "pjn

or lester Quantities; that, is to say,

Agarick trimmed or pared, the Pound weight, six Shillings and eight Pence.

Agarick rough and untrimmed, the Pound weight, pne Shilling and eight Pence.

Annotio the Pound weight, one Shilling.

Antimonium Crudum, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, six Shillings and eight Pence.

Aqila Fortis the Bottle, containing four Gallons, two Pounds five Shillings, and after that Rate for a Aqua Sortir, greater or lesser Quantity.

Argot, the hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Pound three Shillings ars0|b and fourpence.

Arfmick, the Pound weight, one Penny and one third Part of a Penny. Arfcnick.

Bqyberrics, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, four Shillings five Pence Baybemcs. and one third Part of a Pejiny.

Brazil or Furnamoack (Food, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Erazi).

Pound fifteen Shillings.

Braziletto or jamiaca Wood, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Braziletto. Pound one Shilling and eight Pence.

Cochineal, the Pound weight, six Shillings and eight Pence. Cochineal.

Cream ok Tartar, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, forty Shillings. Cream of Tartar.

Fujlick, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, five Shillings. Fuflick;

Galls, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, forty Shillings. Gills.

Gum Arabic or Gum Seneca, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, ten Cum Arabic k'. Shillings.

Indico of all Sorts, the Pound Weight, three Shillings and four.penec. indico.

lfinglajs, the Hundredweight, containing, one hundred and twelve pounds, one Pound thirteen Shil ifinclal s lings and fourpence.

Litmus, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, twenty Shillings. Litmus.

Logwood, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, forty Shillings. Logwood.

Madder of all Sorts, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Pound ten madjer. Shillings.

Madder Roots, the Pound weight, fourpence. madderroots.

Nicaragua Wood, the Tonne weight, eight Pounds. Nicaragua Wood.

Orchal, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, forty Shillings. Orchal.

Orchelia, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred; and twelve Pounds, twenty Shillings. Orcbelia.

Pomegranate Peels, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, thirteen Shillings Pomegranate and fourpence. i

redwood or Guinea Wood, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Re Wood. Pound ten Shillings.

sajlovjer, the Pound weight, one Shilling. Satlower.

Sal Armani ack, the Pound weight, sixpence and two third Parts of a Penny. Sal Annoniack.

Salrgem, the Pound weight, twopence and two third Parts of a Penny. sal gem.

Sapanwood, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, ten Shillings. Sapanwood.

Red Saunders, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, one Pound six Shil Red Saunders, lings and eight Pence.

Shoemack, the Hundredweight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, thirteen Shillings and shoematk fourpence.

Stickhck, the Pound weight, fourpence. Sticklack.

Turnsole, the Pound weight, twopence and two third Parts of a Penny. Tumfole,

Volonia, the Tonne weight, seven Pounds.'Vaioma.

Verdigrease, the Pound weight, sixpence and, two third Parts of a Penny. Veidigrcafe,

Which

374. C. 15. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 17 21.

sut)fljy of 6, 1. Which Subsidy of sixpence upon the said Goods, Commodities or Materials used in Dying, and ex ufctpfo^dvhi' - Port according to the several and respective Rates and Values, thereof, set flown in this act as aforesaid, toe recovered - have such or the like respective, Continuances, and shall and may, from Time to lime, be raised, assubfidy of received, levied and recovered, by such ways and meaps, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and

Poundage on with such Allowances for Goods lost or taken, at Sea, and in such Manner and Form, as the Subsidy of

Goods exported. poundage.on Goods or Merchandizes exported, maybe raised, received, levied or recovered, by any Law of the Customs now in Force.

The Produce to

XII. and it is hereby enacted, That the Produce of the said Subsidy by this Act granted for and upon be appropriated the said dying Goods and Commodities exported (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) are and as th^suhid^of appropriated and applied to and for the same respective Uses, and in such Proportions, Manner

Poundage on ° and Form, and subject to such respective Powers of Redemption, as the Subsidy of Poundage on other Goods exported Goods and Commodities exported (not herein before exempted from the Payment thereof) is by any Laws is by former acts now in Force appropriated and applicable, and that all the Powers, Directions, Penalties and forfei to be applied. tures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for ap fa form affc* Propriating and applying the said Subsidy on Goods exported, not herein before exempted, shall be prac to be put in Ex rifed and Put n Execution for appropriating and applying the said Subsidy hereby granted accordingly, as ecunon forap fully and effectually, as if the same were again repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act; piying the Sub any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

fitly granted.

hereby. Concerning Drugs, see farther 10 Geo. ic. 20. 17 Geo. 2. c. 31. 25 Geo. 2. c. 32. 31 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 35.

Duties upon

XIII. And whereas Beaver skins imported are valued in the Book of Rates at six Shillings and eight

how to be com Pence Skin, according to which Value the Duties now payable upon every Beaver skin imported, puted and paid" 4 do amount as follows, that is to say. For the old Subsidy, fourpence; for the further Subsidy, four Pence; for the one third Subsidy, one Penny and one third Part of a Penny; for the two third Subsidy; 4 twopence and two third Parts of a Penny, and for the additional Impost, fourpence; amounting in the whole to sixteen Pence per Skin, as by several Acts of Parliament now in Force doth appear; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of march one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, the Duties upon Beaver skins from thenceforth to be imported, shall be computed and paid; as if they had been valued in the said Book of Rates at two Shillings and sixpence per Skin, according to which Value, there shall be paid for every Beaver skin so imported, sixpence, and no more, which shall be applied to the said several Subsidies and additional Impost, in such proportions as. sixteen Pence bears to sixpence; any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding' '

al

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, upon the Exportation of any of the said beaver arci 172-. Skins within the Time allowed by Law, for which the Duties chargeable by this Act shall have been first paid or secured, there shall be allowed a Drawback of a Moiety of the said respective Duties so paid or fe ciired and no more, which Drawback shall be made or allowed, according to such Rules and Methods, as Drawbacks are allowed by any Law now in Force relating to the Customs on Pepper '

XV. And whereas Pepper imported directly from the Place, of its Growth, in English built Shipping, for Home Con < js valued in the Book of Rates at one Shilling and eight Pence per Pound weight, according to which reduced" od.*Value now pays or is liable to pay, several Subsidies, after the Rate of twelve Pence in the Pound; per lb. Weight! ' and there is also charged thereupon an Impost of threepence, and a new duty of eighteen Pence per Pound weight, which Subsidies and other Duties amount in the whole to one Shilling and eleven fce % r'iba i'ce' 4 Pence halfpenny per Pound weight, (over and above one halfpenny per Pound weight, chargeable ic ifs.' 4 for the Half subsidy upon the Importation thereof) and the said Duties amounting to one Shilling and eleven Pence halfpenny per Pound weight, are or ought to be applied in Manner following; that is to say, For half the said old Subsidy, one halfpenny; for the find further Subsidy, one Penny; for the one third Subsidy, one third Part of a Penny; for the two third Subsidies, two third Parts of a Penny; ' for the old Impost, threepence; and for the new Duty, one Shilling and sixpence, as by several Acts of Parliament now in Force doth appear; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, the said Duties amounting to one Shilling and eleven Pence halfpenny pev Pound weight, upon such Pepper as aforesaid, which thenceforth shall be delivered from the proper ware houses for Home Consumption (without altering the Half subsidy now payable upon the Importation thereof) shall beleflened and reduced to pay fourpence per Pound weight and no more.

Value of Pepper

XVI. And for better making a Distribution thereof to and nmongst the said several Subsidies and du howrobeefieem ties respectively, 'It is hereby declared and enacted, That the Value of the said Pepper shall be esteemed ed and divided. at six Shillings and eight Pence per Pound weight, upon which Value twelve Pence in the Pound doth amount to the said Sum of fourpence per Pound weight, and the said esteemed Value of six Shillings and eight Pence per Pound weight shall be divided as follows, in order to compute the several dutiesdiere after to be paid thereupon; to wit.

To the old Subsidy, threepence and one third Part of a Penny.

To the further Subsidy, threepence and one third Part of a Penny.

To the one third Subsidy, and two third Subsidy, threepence and one third Part of a Penny.

To the said Impost, ten Pence.

And to the said new Duty, five Shillings.

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 15. 375

And the said Sum of fourpence in the Pound shall be apportioned and applied to the said several Sub Fourpence in fidies, and other Duties accordingly; any former Act of Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, 1'0und»

XVII. And whereas Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported, are valued in the Book of Rates at the ap 'ej'

respective Values following, that is to say, Macc the Pound weight, twenty Shillings, Cloves the Pound weight, ten Shillings; Nutmegs the Pound weight, eight billings; according to which several f Values the Duties now payable upon Mace, " Cloves and Nutmegs imported, do amount as follows,

J that is to say, For the said old Subsidy, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, one Shilling; for the said further Subsidy, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, one Shilling; for the said one third Subsidy, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, fourpence; for the said two third Subsidy, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, eight Pence; for the new Duty, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, one Shilling; for the new additional Duty, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, one Shilling; and for the further new Duty, for every twenty Shillings Value, according to the said respective Values, five Shillings;

amounting in the whole to ten Shillings for every Pound weight of Mace, to five Shillings for every

Pound weight of Cloves, and to four Shillings for every Pound weight of Nutmegs, as by several Acts of Parliament thereunto relating, and now in Force doth appear; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two,; ln^suirr'r^, the Duties upon Macc, Cloves and Nutmegs, from thenceforth to be imported, shall be computed anjtiowtobrcr.ro paid, as if they had been valued in the said Book of Rates, at the Values following, that is to say, Mace p'ucj ard pa.a. the i'ouud weight, six Shillings; Cloves the Pound weight, four Shillings; Nutmegs the Pound weight, three Shillings, according to which respective Values there shall be paid.

For every Pound weight of Mace so imported, three Shillings, and no more. Mace.

For every Pound weight of Cloves so imported, two Shillings, and no more, cim ei.

For every Pound weight of Nutmegs, one Shilling and sixpence, and no more. " Nutmegs.

Which several 'sums shall be applied to the said several subfijies and other Duties, in such Proportions Applicat; on cf as ten Shillings bear to three Shillings for Mace, as five Shillings bear to two Shillings for Cloves, and as the several Sums, four Shillings bear to one Shilling and sixpence for Nutmegs; any former Act of Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importation of Mace, C iml Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs, every or any of them, shall be subject to the same Rules in taking forth the ported subject to Licences and other Rules and Restrictions, whereunto the same were subject before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the several and re Monies arising spective Sum and Sums of Money, which shall arise by Virtue of this Act, for the said reduced Duties sot reduced Bea ypon Beaver skins imported, and for such Pepper delivered out of the Warehouses for Home Consumption,

'and for the said reduced Duties upon Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported, shall have such or the have'l.ke conti ljke respective Continuances, and shall and may, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, fccu nuance, as dj red and recovered, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to ties upon beaver such Discounts and Allowances, and in such Manner and Forni, as the present Duties upon Beaver skins, pj^this Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs, before the making of this Act, might be raised, received, levied, orct'ls' secured or recovered, by any Law or Laws of the Culloins now in Force.

XX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Sum and monl.es how ap" Sums of Money, as shall arise by Virtue of this Act, for the said reduced Duties upon Beaver skins iin proprl; lted' ported, and for such Pepper delivered out of the Warehouses for Home Consumption, and for the said

reduced Duties upon Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) are and shall be appropriated and applied to and for the same respective Uses, and in such or the like Proportions, Manner and Form, and subject to such respective Powers of Redemption, as the present duties upon Beaver skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs, at or before the making of this Act, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force respectively appropriated and applicable; and that all the Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things', contained in any Act Continuance of o'r Acts of Parliament for appropriating and applying the said present Duties upon Beaver skins, Pepper, ^po"trs, s1"or m.'cc, Cloves and Nutmegs, every or any of them, shall be continued, practised and put in Execution, ap^p^iatin" '0r for appropriating and applying the Moneys to arise by Virtue of this act, for and upon the said respective Duties. ° Duties upon Beaver skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs, according to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Drawbacks upon said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, upon Exportation of any Exportation ui of the said Mace, Cloves or Nutmegs or any of them, within the Time allowed by Law, for which the ace' C Duties chargeable by this Act shall have been first paid or secured, there shall be allowed certain Drawbacks, as shall bear fuel] or the like Proportion to the Sums charged by this Act upon mace, Cloves and Nutmegs respectively, as the former Drawbacks allowable on Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs exported respectively did bear to the Duties thereupon, before the making of this Act and no more; which proportional Drawbacks shall be made and allowed, according to such Rules and Methods as Drawbacks iue allowej by any Laws now in Force relating to the Culfoms,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties how to in this Act mentioned; shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any be prosecuted.

376 C 16.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 172 r.

of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvefminfer, or in the Court of exchequer at Edirth ngh fetpectively, wherein no Ell'oin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one irhpadar.ee shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the kih'g's Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for or profecure the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action or Suit fta'l be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was ddhe in Pm fdarice and by Authority of the said act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff mail be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and Have the like Remedy for the same, as the Defendant or Defendants hath of have in other Cases by Law.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Beaver skins, and other Furs of the Product of any of the British Plantations in America, Acts or Africa, ftail from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, he imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and laid on Shore there, and not elsewhere, under the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an act pated in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles tyre Second, entitled. An AM

'" 3r'2' c. 1 'for the Encouraging and Increasing Shipping and Navigation, in relation to Sugars, Tobacco and other enumerated Goods, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the English Plantations therein mentioned, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner, as the Penalties and Forfeitures relating to: the said enumerated Goods are, by the said recited act, to be recovered and distributed.

XXV. And whereas by an act passed in the frith Year of his Majesty yrcigri, intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by two Charters, for Assurance, of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending' Martey on Bottomry; and for refraining several and unwarrantable Practises therein mcritiwe'd, Jus Majesty was enabled to erect two distinct

aiturance of Ships, Goods and mefchafvdiies at Sea, or going so sea, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which said Corporations are' by the said act obliged, from time to time,

during the Continuance of the same Corporations respectively, to cause such a Stock of ready Money to be provided and reserved, as shall be sufficient to answer, from time to time, all just Demands upon their Policies of aiturance for any Losses whatsoever* which shall happen, and to satisfy, pay and discharge the fan e Demands, from time to time, according to the Tenors of their respective Policies of Assurance, and the true Meaning of the said act; and in case of Refusal and neglect to pay the same, the said Corporations are by the said act respectively subjected to pay double Damage's, besides full

Costs of Suit, to be recovered by action, Bill, Suit or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased (pursuant to the said act) to erect two distinct Corporations for the Purposes aforesaid, one By the Name and Title of the Governor and Company of the Royal Exchange Assurance, and the other by the Name and Title of the Governor and Company of the London Assurance -, and the said Corporations have accordingly provided Stocks of ready Money for answering the Purposes of the said act, but do find themselves under Discouragements and Inconveniences by being subjected to pay double Damages', besides full Costs of

Suit in actions, which they cannot avoid, there being no Provision in the said Act to oblige the Parties assured, to make Discovery to the Did Corporations of their true' Lode's, before any action brought; and unreasonable Suits in doubtful Cases are encouraged, for the Sake of such double Damages, and full Costs For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited act, as subjects the said Corporations, or either of them, to pay double Damages, besides full Costs of Suit, shall be and is hereby repealed; 'and that in all cafes where by the said act or Charters the said Corporations, or either of them, are subjected t6 pay double Damages, besides full Costs of Suit, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover against the lamb Co: porhfimvor Corporations only Tingle Damages, and full Costs of Suit; anything in the said act, or in the Charters of the said Corporations, or either of them to the contrary notwithstandingv Phis AH, so far as it relates to Silk Manufactures, cis continued by 3- Geo. 2. c. 23.

[General issue.]

Moiety to the King, Moiety to Prosecutor.

deren«l3nt may recover treble Costs.

Bejver skins,

A: C after 25 March 1722, to be imported dir reftly from Bri

P

Recital of Part of the Act; of 6 Geo. 1. C is.

43 El. C 12.

1 j & 14 Car. 2. C 23. 7 Geo. 1. 27.

Royal Exchange assurance and London alvu rance, liable to Angle Damages and Costs of Suit only.

Concerning jtiffu ranee, see farther LI Gcp. 1. Co 30.

19 Geo. 1. c. 37. zj Geo. a. C 4. zf Geo. 2. cz.

Cap. xvr.

An act for taking off the Duty upon' all Salt used in the Curing and making of White Herrings, and inllead thereof laying a proportionable Duty upon all White Herrings consumed: at Horn only; and for making an Allowance for Tobacco exported from Scotland, in the Time cherein mentioned; and for giving a farther Relief to the Refiners of Rock Salt.

S GI <.»?* I if WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made in tyre fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

5 C 7*intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British fishery in foreign Parts; and for better

L 5'*/'curing the Duties on Salt; it is enacted, That all cureis of Frill ftail be allowed to import foreign."

joss i 1 ' Salt, or take from any Saltworks or saltrpits, any such Quantity of British Salt, where the same is tij. 3. C 11.*allowed by Law, for curing of Fish for exportation, as they shall think proper for curing Fist for so

iar.n.p.\. c.l\.

a £? 3 Ann. C 14. 4 Ann, C 11, 5 Ann. C ig. 6 Ann. C 11, 3 Geo. I. C 4.

reign

C

C i6. 377

reign Markets, without paying any Duty to his Majesty for the same, except th Customs payable upon the Importation thereof; in consequence whereof all White Herrings (pent within this Realm, are or Should be cured with Salt that has paid the Duties; but in regard the same are cured promiseu At Beginning of ously, it is difficult to distinguish them from such as are intended to be exported, whereby his Majesty Fishing sc.ifon

may be defrauded in his Revenue, without a proper Remedy for preventing the same; 'Re it therefore mailed by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the Beginning of every Fishing Season for Herrings, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt delivered duty free for the Curing of Herrings for Exportation, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, pursuant to the said Add', or his or their Agent or Agents, Oral], inifead of the Oath required by the said Act, make Oath in Writing before the Officer for the Duty on Salt, at the Office nearest to the Place where the said Salt is lodged (who is hereby. empowered to admi

lodged for curing of

for Herring Proprietors, ire. in Knghnd, At. in Head of the Oath required by the Act 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. to make Oath of the Quantity of Salt intended for curing Fife for ion only, and shall not, Dzpnrtarion, e

7 rr. C (.

any way Except Salt ufsd 1 An 7 lorcuungwhite

niltcr the same) declaring the Quantity of the Foreign or British Salt respectively 'ifh, and that all the said Salt is intended for the Curing of l'ifh for Exportatioi: by his or their Order, Consent or Connivance, directly or indirectly, be sold, given away, or delivered, hut for the Purpose aforesaid; except so much thereof as shall be used for curing fuel 1 "White Hemnpfi for Herrings, as shall be entered with the Officer of the Place for home Consumption, and charged with the home Coniemp duties by this Act chargeable thereupon. tion, CII

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker or Curer of White Herrings, in Cuter of White that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the five and Herrings, afer twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty uvo, before he remove any White ft'", 1 'jw'

from

them (except for

Herrings (except for Exportation) from the Office or Place where the same shall be cured, shall time to time make Entry thereof at the next Salt office, and shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Exportation) to successors, a. Duty of three Shillings and fourpence for every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons, make Entry, and and foin Proportion for a greater or lelfer Quantity: And that every Cask or veli'e) in which such White pw 3 s Tt p2? Herrings shall be packed or put up, shall have a Mark or Marks on the Head thereof, ftiewing the Con xj^duties tents or Quantity of every such Cask or vessel, and upon Entry and Payment of the Duty (eactcask revived by or vessel being marked as aforesaid) a Permit shall be given gratis by the Salt officer, expressing the j Geo. 2. Quantity of White Herrings, for which the Duties shall be paid as aforesaid, and the Marks and Num 2- 6, f. 3. bers of such Casks or Vessels, and for what Place the same are intended, and whether to be font by Land or Water Carriage; on Pain of forfeiting the White Herrings that shall be removed or carried away be {/p'lar try'&c! fore Entry be made, and the Duty paid, and without the Casks or Vessels being marked, and Permit p(prmit to be obtained as aforesaid, and of the Casks or Vessels in which such Herrings shall be found, and also the given gratis. Sum of forty shillings for every Cask or Veiled so removed, to be recovered from the person or Persons Penalty on re who shall so remove or carry away the same; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs jv1 b|.lcore and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize, sue or inform for the taking,

same, to be sued for, recovered and levied in such Manner, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Moiety to Of'Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any Law of Excise, or ficer seizing, C by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eltoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and all Officers, of his Majesty's Customs, Excise or Duties upon Salt, are hereby Officers to seize authorised and empowered to seize all such White Herrings so removed or carried away before Entry, Whit( before and Payment of Duty, and all other Things performed as aforesaid, and the said Casks or Vessels where °rc

in such White Herrings shall be found.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Proprietor of Salt delivered duty free, for curing White Herrings for Exportation, in that Part of Great Britain called sait duty tree, England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, his or their Agent or Agents, shall, in the Account which J exfe|^.q33a* nfter the End of every Filling Season, they are to deliver in Writing into the Salt office, containing Herrings. " the Quantity of Fish exported or entered, and shipt to be exported, on which the Salt taken away after

its Delivery into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, has been used orconfumed, as by the former Law is directed (and under the Penalties thereby prescribed) express also the Quantity of White Herrings entered for home Consumption on which such Salt has been used or confirmed.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the upon. Duties of Excise on Salt (which now amount to three Shillings and fourpence per Rufhel on home ^11 ^3^0"^ made Salt, and six Shillings and eight Pence per Bushel on foreign Salt) or any of them, shall cease, jeivened, p'ropar determine or be redeemed by Parliament, then the Rate or Duty by this Act imposed upon White Her tionabiy to Darings shall cease, or be lessened in Proportion to the Duties on Salt that shall so cease, determine or he ties on Sak. redeemed; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas an Act passed in the eighth Year of her late majesty's Reign, for continuing fe 3 Ann. c. 13.

veral Impositions, additional Impositions, and Duties upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for better preventing Frauds on Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; in which ' AT there were several Regulations enacted to be complied with, in order to entitle the Exporters of Tobaccoes to their Debentures; which new Regulations being made to commence from the seven and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, by which Time the same could not

be known in Scotland, several Parcels of Tobaccoes through Ignorance were exported from thence,

without regard to the Regulation laid down in the said Act, the Debentures of which Tobaccoes have

Voe." V C C C ' been

378

Debentures allowed on Tobacco, exported Irom Scotland, Jfince 27 March 1710, and before 7. May next.

5 Geo. 1. c. 16.

Relief given to Refiners of Rock salt.

Relief for Rock salt perished, or taken by Enemies.

farther provisions concerning Salt, 71 Geo. 1. c. 30. 3' Geo. 2. c. 20. 5 Geo. ac. 6.

8 Geo. 2. r. 12. 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. z, C 3 S? 32.

Reaftfns for making this Act,

been refused to be made forth and allowed to the Merchants upon that Account only Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Tobaccoes exported trom Scotland after the seven and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, and before the seventh Day of May next following, the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall cause the Debentures to be made forth and allowed to the Merchants, according to the Law then in Force, before the seven and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, anything in the aforesaid Add to the contrary notwithstanding,

VI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts --, and for better securing the Duties on Sait; It is enacted, That the Curers of Fish shall be allowed to import foreign Salt, or take from any Saltworks or Salt pits any such Quantity of British Salt, where the same is allowed by Law for curing Fish for Exportation, as they shall think proper for curing Fish for foreign Markets without paying any Duty to his Majesty for the same, except the Customs payable upon the Importa tion thereof: And whereas the Refiners of Salt from Rock salt cannot have equal Benefit of the said Act with the Proprietors of other Salt, the said Refiners being obliged to pay, or give Security to pay,

the Duty before the Rock salt be removed from the Pits, and cannot draw it back, there being, no Provision made in what Manner the said Duty shall be drawn back For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand fevert hundred and twenty-two, it shall and may be lawful for any Refiner of Rock salt to deliver in the Presence of an Officer of the Salt Duties, to any Curer or Curers of Fill], any such Quantity of refined Salt, where the same is allowed by Law for curing Fish for Exportation, as they shall think proper for curing Fish for foreign Markets; and the Collector of the Salt Duties shall give a Certificate under his Hand, expressing the true Quantity delivered, and to whom, and whither to be carried; and the Officer of the Place whither the same shall be carried for the Curing of Fish for foreign Markets, shall give a Certificate of the true Quantity brought thither, and lodged in a Warehouse under the Lock and Key of the said Officer, as well as the Proprietor of the said Sait; and if it shall appear to be the full Quantity that was first delivered (making a reasonable Allowance for wr.fte) such Certificate shall be accepted by the Collector of the Duties on Salt at the Rock pits, towards discharging the Security given for the Duty on the Rock Salt made Use of in making the said refined Salt; and that upon the warehousing any such refined' Salt, or any other Salt delivered duty free, for the curing Fish for foreign Markets, that has been brought by Sea in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, the Mailer or his Mate, or the Boatswain of such ship or Veilei, shall make Oath before the Officer of the Salt Duties (who is hereby empowered to administer the same) that all the Sait he took in or loaded at the Place of Loading (mentioning the Quantity) is truly delivered to be lodged in a Warehouse under the Lock and Key of the Officer, and that there was no Salt added to it or taken from it at such Place of Loading, or since he came from it, to the best of his knowledged Belief, under the Penalty of forfeiting double the Value of the Sait that hail be otherwise delivered, and ten Shillings per Bushel; if it shall happen that the Vessel on which such refined' Salt as aforesaid is shipped, shall either perish at Sea, or be taken by Enemies, with such Salt on board' her, that in such Case any Merchant or Person, Owner of the said Sait, shall, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions held for the County, Riding, Division or Town, wherein he doth inhabit, of the Lbfs of such Salt so shipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them; and upon producing the said Certificate to the Collector of the Salt duties at the Rock pits, such Certificate shall be accepted by such Collector, towards discharging the Security given for the Duty on the Rock salt made Use of in making such refined Salt.

CAP. XVII.

An act for more equal paying and better collecting certain small Sums therein mentioned, for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and distressed Persons (his majesty's Subjects) in the Kingdom of Portugal and for other pious and charitable Purposes usually contributed toby the Merchants trading to Portugal.

WHEREAS it is just and reasonable that ail British Merchants trading to Portugal should proportionably contribute to the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and other distressed Persons, your majesty's Subjects there, and to the other pious and charitable Purposes herein after mentioned: And whereas it hath been usual for the Consul General for the Time being, appointed for all Persons trading from the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Kingdoms and Dominions of Portugal, or his Deputy Consuls, with the Majority of the British Merchants and Factors there, to receive and recover (for the Purposes aforesaid) from all British Merchants and Factors residing in Portugal, and all others your majesty's Subjects trading thither from any of your majesty's Dominions, so much Money as should not exceed four Reis per Mill Reis, upon the Valuation of their Goods in the Customhouse of Lisbon; and for all Corn, Grain, Butter, and other Goods, which pay no Custom to the King of Por tugal, so much Money as should not exceed four Reis per Mill Reis, and what they should be valued at,

to be paid to such Treasurer as should be annually chosen by such Consul, and the Majority of the British Merchants and factors, in the same Manner as two Reis per Mill for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and other distressed Persons, yotjr majesty's subjects, have been usually coikcled; and that such

should, out of the said money, pay yearly to the Minister residing the re, three hundred Mill Reis per Annum, for his Maintenance and Subsistence, to pray, preach and exercise his Ministerial

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 17. 379

C Function; that the Remainder of the said Monety should he disposed of, from time to time, according to the Direction's of the said Consul, with the Majority of the said Merchants and Factors: ' whereas several Persons have of late consigned Goods and Merchandizes exported from this Kingdom,

Ireland and other your majesty's Dominions, unto Strangers and Foreigners refuling at List on, and

elsewhere in the Dominions of the King of Portugal, and have thereby not only eluded the pious and

charitable Purposes aforesaid, but have occasioned an unequal Charge on your majesty's other trading 'subjects: And whereas it will be for the Ease and Advantage of your majesty's Subjects in general tia ding to Portugal, to alter the Payments before mentioned, and put the National Expense of the said

upon a just and equitable Poot: it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice After 29 spi. and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 1722. l'crfons and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be appointed be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, it shall be lawful to and m^cbfnu refi such Person or Persons as shall be authorised and appointed, from time to time, by the Authority of theding^portugal tiritish Merchants and Factors residing in Portugal, being assembled with the Consul General for the Time airembled with being, appointed or to be appointed for your majesty's Subjects trading to Portugal, or with his Deputy the Consul Gc contul or Deputy consuls, or any of them, in any of the Ports or Places in Portugal, or any of thenr.ral>fmayrc' Dominions thereof, to receive and recover from all Masters, or other Chief Officers or Commanders of mattertof st ins all British Ships or Vessels trading from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Part of your majesty's Dor; id; ng from minions, to any of the Kingdoms or Dominions of the King of Portugal, the following Sums (to be im Great Britain, ployed for the pious and charitable Purposes herein mentioned) that is to say, Any Sum or Sums Irebnd, C to of Money not exceeding two hundred Reis per Tonne, on all Tonnage Goods (except Wheat, Barley Rye, Coals, Timber, Boards and Lumber) and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred Rets per Tonne, on all Wheat, Barley, Rye, Coals, Timber, Boards and Lumber; and any Sun; Good, except or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifteen per Centum on the Freight of all other Goods and Mer wheat, C jeo ehandizes exported from any of your majesty's Dominions to Lifton, or any other Port or Place Re per Tun on in any of the Dominions of the King of Portugal, and all Bills of Lading of such Ships and Vessels,

shall specify to pay the said Moneys accordingly, under the Denomination of Contribution, as per centum on "the Act of Parliament, or to that Effect; and the Persons paying the same shall be reimbursed by their respectFreight of other tive Freighters, or by the Persons to whom the said Goods and Merchandizes shall be consigned, or who Goods exported shall receive the same: And in case no Bill of Lading shall appear, or no Freight or Tonnage is settled Portugal, between the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Merchandizes and the Master or Commander of any Bri.

Ship or Vessd trading as aforesaid, then the Freight or Tonnage of such Goods or Merchandizes (Inal 1 jy "

be valued by two indifferent British Merchants on the Place; one to be chosen and appointed by the Morbs! V^Consul General, or his Deputy Consul, and the other by the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vef Persons prying, fel within ten Days next after unlading the said Goods; and in case the two Persons so chosen shall not to be reimbursed agree and award the same in five Days next after such Appointment, such two Persons shall then ebui'e the freigh a third Person (being a British] Merchant on the Place) as an Umpire who shall decide and determine the bij 0( said Valuation of Freight or Tonnage in three Days, and such Sums shall be paid in either Case (for the Lading appear, Purposes aforesaid) as shall be agreeable to this Act. cr no Freight is

settled between the Owners and Mailers, then the Freight shall be valued by two British Merchants, who not agreeing shall ebufe an Umpire,

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Masters, Commanders, or other Chief Of All Matters, C fleers of all British] Ships and Vessels trading from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of your majeay's jp'wr'ch'eir Ar Dominions, to any of the Dominions of the King of Portugal, and unloading or delivering the Ship or rjiai in porto vessel, or any of the Cargo there, shall, within ten Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel deliver gal, tobeliverort to the Consul General, or Deputy Consul residing the re, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be oathtothecon appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, a true Manifest in Writing upon Oath, specifying the Particulars full

of the whole Cargo of such Ship and Vessel so unloaded or delivered, or of such Part thereof as shall be ° the

unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; which Oath such Consul General, Deputy Consul, are°' or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer gratis, upon Request.

III. And for better collecting the Payment of the said Moneys herein before directed to be paid for the ta consul, pious and charitable Purposes aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Consul to detain the General or his Deputy Consul, in any of the Dominions of the King of Portugal, shall, and they are Clearances out hereby respectively authorised and required to detain the Clearances outward of all such British or Irish w3rd tiupay' Ships and Vessels, and not to give or deliver any Dispatch or Passport for any such Ship or Vessel, until ment'

Payment be made as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Moneys to be raised or received as aforesaid, shall be applied in Howtbe Money Manner following; that is to say, To the Minister residing at Lifton, for the Time being, for his Support shall be applied, and Subsistence, to pray, preach and exercise his Ministerial Function there, three hundred Mill Reis per Annum, by equal quarterly Payments; and the Remainder of the said Moneys shall be applied for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and other distressed Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, and to such other pious, charitable and public Uses, as shall from time to time be appointed by the Majority of the British Merchants and Factors residing at Lifton, and other Ports and Places in Portugal, and Dominions thereof respectively, being assembled with the Consul General for the Time being, or any of his Deputy con fuls as aforesaid.

So

Per Tonnes exempted from former Payments upon Payment of the Sums required by the A.

The Consul ge nenl; C to call a General Meeting of the british Merchants and Factors, the Majority of whom ffaall order all Matters relating eo the Premises. Public Act,

[General Issue.]

Cull Cofia.

For the Continuance of this Act see 2 Geo. 2. t. 28. fest. 6.

8 Geo. -2. C 21. asgeo'2, C 33. £0 Geo. 2. c. 47, arid2jge7.2.c i'

5 Geo. 1. c. 11.

12 Car. 2. C 4. 33 & 14 Car. 2. CI 11, 25 Car.

2. C 6 2

M. St. 2. C 4. 4 £? 5; r.g? Af. C 5 15. 6

sf Af. r. 3.

6 7 Pic. 7.

6 Geo. 3. c. 2j. fest. 29.

After 29 March 3722. no Brandy, C to be imported in any vessel less than 40 Tuns.

Penalty;

C 18. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

V. Provided, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons liable to pay the four Reis per Alill Reis herein before mentioned for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Payment made of the Sums required by this Add, from time to time, to be paid as aforesaid, be exempted and discharged from Payment of the Paid four Reis per Mill Reis for the future.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Consul General for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed for your majesty's Subjects trading to Portugal, or his Deputy Consul or Deputy Conluls residing at Lisbon, or elsewhere, in any of the Dominions of the King of Portugal reflectively, shall, from time to time, as he or they shall see Occasion for effecting the Purposes of this Add, call and summon a General Meeting or altembly of the british Merchants and Faddors residing at Lisbon, or el(e where in the Dominions of the King of Portugal respectively, and he and they are hereby obliged and required, from time to time, to call and summon such General Meetings or Assemblies as often as shall be desired by Writing under the Hands of any five or more of the Brit if!) Merchants or Faddors aforesaid, and the Majority at such Meetings or Assemblies shall, from time to time, order and determine all Matters and Things relating to the Premises.

VIJAND be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be esteemed and taken in all Courts of Justice, and elsewhere, to be a public Act, and shall betaken Notice of as such, without special pleading of the same: And if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, or in Relation to the Premises, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance, and by the Authority of the said Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the lame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to prevent the Clandestine Running of Goods and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarentine; and to subject: Copper ore of the pro duction of the British Plantations to such Regulations, as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject.

I. FORASMUCH as the Laws already made to prevent the secret landing of prohibited and un ' JJ cnftomed Goods have been found insufficient for that Purpose, it being notorious that such in famous and pernicious Practises are still continued in open Defiance of the Laws, to the great diminu tion of the public Revenues, the Discouragement of honest Traders, and during the Time of Infection abroad, to the endangering the Health and Lives of many thousands of his Majesty's innocent Subjects,

by bringing into this Kingdom, from infefted Places, Goods apt to retain Infection: whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, It was enacted, That any Ship, Vessel or Boat of the Burden of fifteen Tuns, or under, wherein any Brandy,

Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever should be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek thereof (except as therein is excepted) such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, or the Value thereof, should be forfeited and lost, and should and might be seized, recovered, broke up and sold, as therein mentioned,

which Forfeiture is, by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, *entitled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Acttfes in the public Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp-duties, Postoffice and house money, extended to Vessels of thirty Tuns: And whereas to elude the Intent of the said laws many Persons do now carry on a clandestine Trade by importing those Goods in Ships and vessels above the Burden of thirty Tuns For the Prevention thereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Strong Waters or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of the Burden of forty Tuns i or under, according to the Admeasurement prescribed in the last mentioned Act (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for each such Seaman) every such Ship vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, as also all such Brandy, Arrack, Strong Waters or Spirits, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall] and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and shall and may be prosecuted and divided in such Manner and Form, as is prescribed in the said Acts concerning Ships, Vessels and Boats of fifteen or thirty Tuns as aforesaid, Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

3

A.D. 17 2 r:

Anno octavo Georgii Reins.

C i 8. 38 r

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Seizure and Condemnation afterscizu jf such Ship, Vessel or Boat, the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Port or Place where ho ifot'shl' tos he same shall be at the Time of such Condemnation, are hereby directed to cause the Hull of such be burnt and the Ship, Veiled or Boat to be burnt and wholly dellroyed, and the Tackle, Furniture and Apparel there Tackle, C Icld. into belonging, to be publicly sold to the hest Advantage, and the Produce thereof to be divided as Serein after mentioned, the reasonable Charges of prosecuting, selling and burning as aforesaid being first ledu&ed.

III. And whereas many Frauds are committed to the Prejudice of the Revenue in the clandestine Running of Goods imported, and in relanding Certificate Goods, as well as in exporting Wool and the r Coin of this Kingdom, by Watermen and others in Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges and Galleys, j which are sometimes rowed with six, eight or twelve Oars, built on Purpose for the Smuggling Trade; i! and in case they are pursued by the Officers, do make their Escape, which may be also a Means of bring ing in the Infection For the preventing whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Boats, C rovr from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, if any Boat, w, h more Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, rowing or made or built to row with more than four Oars, shall be °7bcio"' found upon the Water or in any Bargehouse, Workhouse, Shed or other Place within any of the Counties London Bndqe,

0i Middlesex, Surry, Kent or Essex, or in the River of Thames, either above or below London bridge, or forfeited) within the Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich or Ipswich, or the Members or Creeks to them or either of them respectively belonging, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person uiing or rowing in such Boat, ?w, ".er' to Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of forty rounds; and such Seizure r e' "t and Forfeiture shall and may be prosecuted in the Manner herein after mentioned; and after the Seizure bat, caster and Condemnation of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, the principal Officers of his Ma "clnatlon* jesty's Customs in the Port or Place where the same shall be at the Time of such Condemnation, are here thevefcls cou by directed to cause such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley to be burnt and wholly destroyed, demnedm.iybe and the Tackle, Furniture and Apparel thereunto belonging to be publicly sold to the best Advantage, used, C tithe Produce whereof to be divided as herein after mentioned j the reasonable Charges of prosecuting, felis Geo. ic. a8. ling, and burning as aforesaid being first deducted., 4-

IV. Provided always, That this Act: shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Barge or Galley To what Earles, belonging to or to belong to' his Majesty, or the Royal Family, or any of them, or to any Longboat, C 11115 Act shall Yaul, or Pinnace belonging to and used in the Service of any Merchant ship or Vessel, or to such Boat, rioi: exten Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, as shall be licensed by the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Major Part of the same Commissioners for the Time being; which Licences shall be iri Writing, signed by the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for Licences to be executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the major Part of such Commissioners for the Time being, signed by the and shall be granted without any Fee or Charge whatsoever. Admiralty.

V. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted, but upon sufficient Security to be given Security to be

to his Majesty, his Hefts and Succefi ors, by the Owner or Owners of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge given, that BAT or Galley, by Bond, in such Penalty as the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the not be u(vd Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, shall find to be reasonable, with Condition that for Ru, ng°f the same shall not be made Use of in the clandestine Running of uncustomed and prohibited Goods; oooods°&c. which Security the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High '

Admiral, who shall grant such Licence, are hereby empowered and required to take for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day Persons passing of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two all and every Person and Persons, who shall be found with freien passing (knowingly and willingly) with any foreign. Goods or Commodities landed from any Ship or c.b?ds laided Vessel, without the due Entry and Payment of the Duties by Law charged thereon, in his, her or their nj being more Custody, from any of the Coasts of this Kingdom, or within the Space of twenty Miles of any of the said than five, and Coasts, and shall be more than five Persons in Company, or shall carry any Offensive Arms or Wea refilling Officers, pons, or wear any Vizard, Mafic or other Disguise, when passing with such Goods or Commodiiies as c to be trauf aforesaid, or shall forcibly hinder or refill any of the Officers of the Customs or Excise in the seizing or port, securing any Sorts or Kinds of run Goods or Commodities, shall be deemed and taken to be Runners of foreign Goods and Commodities within the Meaning of this present Add, and (being convicted of or for any of the said Offences, for which he, she or they so convicted are by this present Act declared to be deemed and taken to be Runners of foreign Goods and Commodities) shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall, for such his, her or their Offence, be trnsported as a Felon to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, there to remain for the Space of seven Years, in the same Manner as

Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intitu Geo. led, An Act for the preventing of Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transporta

1. C it;

non of Felons and unlawful Exporters of wool; and for declaring the Law in same Points again Piraciesand

majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further preventing

6 Geo. r. c. 13.

by another Act made in the sixth Year of his

Robbery and Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons { and if any such n Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the said seven greabrvaint or Years, he, she or they so returning shall suffer as Felons, and have Execution awarded against him, her Ireland, felony or them, as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Offender before conviction dif

compuces within fences and before his Conviction, discover two or more of his Accomplices therein to the Commissioners

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Runner of foreign Goods or Commodities as aforesaid shall, within two Months after such his Of

to of the Customs or Excise in England or Scotland respectively, so as they, or two of them at least, be convicted of such Offence, the Offender or Offenders so discoveting shall have and receive the Sum of forty Pounds for every such Offender so discovered and convicted, as a Reward for such his Discovery; so as the Value of the Goods recovered for the Ufa of his Majesty on such Discovery shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds; and such Person so discovering shall be clearly acquitted and discharged of such his or her Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, if any other Person or Persons shall, 'within three Months, to three Months after such Offence shall have been committed, discover to the said Commissioners respecthave 401. over tjvejy any person or Persons who shall have been guilty of such Offence, so as such Offender or Offenders be convicted thereof, such Discoverer or Discoverers shall have and receive the like Reward of forty Pounds for every such Offender so discovered and convicted, over and above any other Reward or re compence, which he or they may be entitled unto, on Account of the Goods so carried or conveyed away, which shall be recovered by Means of such his or their Discovery, or on Account of the Penalties which shall be recovered for the running of the said Goods, so as the Value of the said Goods recovered for the Use of his Majesty on such Discovery shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively shall cause the several Rewards of forty Pounds for the Discovery of the Offenders before mentioned, to be paid by the respective receiver-general or Cashier of the

the customs°nd Customs and Excise for the Time being, out of any public Money in his or their Hands under thema excise" by Order nagement of the said Commissioners, in Proportion to the Duties payable on the Goods so clandestinely of the Commit run, for which such Person or Persons shall be convicted, upon producing to them a Certificate or certi sioners in Eng ficates under the Hand of the Judge or Justice of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, certifying the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, and the Money paid by any receiver-general or Cashier as aforesaid shall be accepted of and allowed in his Accounts, as so much Money paid to his Majesty, and such receiver-general or Cashier is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And forasmuch as the Persons using such clandestine Trade are greatly encouraged to continue the same, by reason great Numbers of Persons, for their private Lucre, receive and by the Goods and Merchandizes so by them clandestinely imported contrary to Law, which may be a Means of bringing Persons receiving in the Infection Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Goods, C clan receive or buy any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes so clandestinely run or imported, before the same shall destineiy iun, clave legally been condemned, knowing the same to be so clandestinely run or imported, and shall be tfuriuitzol. thereof lawfully convicted upon his, her or their Appearance or Default, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party, by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Cqunty, Division or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed; or the Offender shall be found (which Oath such Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby required to administer) the Person so convicted shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish were such Offence shall be committed, the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid; and for want of such Distress every such Offender shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to Prison, there to

two Months, have 40 ]. for each, and acquitted, C

Other Persons discovering in

and above any other Reward.

Reward to be paid by the Receivers General

land and Scotland respectively.

remain

without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months.

XI. And whereas several considerable Dealers in foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters have and ( keep very large Stocks or Quantities of foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale, many whereof live upon or near the Coasts of this Kingdom, and thereby have or may have Opportunities for furnishing themselves with the said Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, either by running the same themselves,

1 or procuring it from others who have or shall run it: And whereas many of the said Dealers are gotten into a Practice of receiving into their Custody great Quantities of Spirits made in this Kingdom, which for the most part are brought to them from London, with Permit or Certificate that the Duties of the same have been paid, which Spirits are either drawn so low, or by mixing the same with Water made of so mean a Quality, that of themselves they are of little or no Vulue, and by having those Spirits in their Custody, the said Dealers have Opportunities of increasing their Stocks of foreign Brandy, Spirits 6 or Strong Waters, which they either run themselves, or procure others to do it for them; and when

such Increase is discovered by the Officers of the Excise, the same is pretended to have been made by a

Mixture of the said mean British Spirits with their foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, whereas in Truth they really destroy the said British Spirits, and do not mix the same with their foreign Goods,

whereby the Practice of running the same is become difficult to be found out and discovered, and the

pernicious Trade of running the said foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters successfully carried on: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two all Dealers in foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, who shall then have, or from thenceforth receive into their Custody, any British Spirits, shall

eiiriflispirits, on keep the same separate and apart, and in separate Cellars, Vaults or other Places, from their foreign Penalty of 10s. Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of br xld For British Spirits which shall be found in any Vault, Cellar or other Place, where any Dealer in foreign feirure of Calks. Brandy,

All Dealers in f oveign Brandy, C to keep them separate from

D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 18. 383

(randy, Spirits or Strong Waters, shall have or keep any foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, together with the Calks and other vessels"wherein the same British Spirts shall be found.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer of the Ex increase of toise Rial] find any Increase of foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters in the Hands of any such Dealer, rdun brandy.&c, iver and above the Quantity which such Officer found in such dealer's Custody at the Time of such Of fund Officer peer's last preceding Survey upon such Dealer, such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be made by vat^bexcm oreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, for which no Duties were paid, and which had been privately cas Brand" iroughtby such dealer into the Place where such Increase shall be found, without any Permit or Certificate wi houti cunit, jf the Payment of the Duty thereof, or any previous Entry or Notice to any Officer of Excise of bringing; the came; and so much of the said foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, as shall be found so increased, shall, Such Brandy, ogether with the Cask or other Veiled wherein the same shall be so contained, be forfeited and lost:; and shall with Calk, foi ind maybe seized and secured by such Officer and Officers of Excise who shall so find and discover the same, fated, unless the Owner thereof shall make it appear, that such Increase was made either by mixing some of his Stock of British Spirits, whereof the Officer of Excise had taken an Account, with his foreign Brandy,

Spirts or Strong Waters in the Presence of the Officer of Excise of the Division where the said Increase shall be found, or by foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters brought into the Place where such Increase shall be found, with a Permit or Certificate of the Payment of the Duties thereof, or that the same had been formerly condemned, or was Part of some person's Stock in Pland on the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and that due Notice was given to the Officer of Excise at the said Division of the bringing in the same, before the same was so brought in.

XIII. And whereas many Retailers of foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters are furnished with the Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters which they retail, by Persons who run the same, or their Accom plices, in small Quantities, viz. less than one Gallon at a Time, and when the Officers of the Excise find such small Quantities in the Hands of such Retailers, they refuse to produce any Permit or Certi fifatc for the same, alleging, that no such Permit or Certificate are required by Law for any Quantity of such Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters under the Quantity of one Gallon, whereby the Runners thereof find Means to dispose of great Quantities of such run Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day Foreign Brandy, of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two no foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, although less than one though the same be under the Quantity of one Gallon, shall be received or taken into the Custody or Pof gainlthout session of any such Retailer, or any Person or Persons for the Use of any such Retailer, without a Permit feus withcaik* or Certificate signed by some Officer of the Customs or Excise, signifying that the Duties thereof were paid, or secured to be paid, or that the same had been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of some person's Stock in Hand on the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty; upon Pain of forfeiting all such foreign Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, as shall be so found in the Custody of such Retailer or any other Person or Persons for the Use of any such Retailer, without a Permit or Certificate, together with the Cask, Bottle or other Vessel wherein the same shall be so found; any Law, Statute or Brovision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas by Virtue of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the seventh 7gc0. r. Bat. r.

( ' Year of his Majesty's Reign, obliging all such Ships, Persons and Goods coming from Places that are or C 3- EXP'

1 C shall be mentioned in his Majesty's Proclamation, to perform Quarentine, it is enacted, That in case 26.Geo. t. C 6. ' any Commander, Master or other Person taking Charge of any Ship liable to perform Quarentine shall 27gvs. 2. C 18. ' not, within convenient Time, alter due Notice given for that Purpose by the proper Officer, cause such 29 Geo. 2. c. 8. ' Ship or Vessel, and the Lading thereof, to perform Quarentine respectively, then such Ship or vessel 33 Geo. 2. C ife, ' is forfeited, and the Commander, Master or other Person as aforesaid forfeits two hundred Pounds: And whereas the Commanders, Masters or other Persons taking Charge of such Ships or Vessels do pretend after they are put into the Place or Places to perform Quarentine, to be bound to Parts beyond Seas,

or some other Port or Place of this Kingdom, and do frequently depart from such Places without the Licence of the proper Officer appointed to see the Quarentine duly performed, contrary to the true In ' tent and Meaning of the said a<stfor Remedy whereof, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commander, Master or other Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to sl). art perform Quarentine, shall depart with or permit or suffer such Ship or Vessel to depart from the Place without Licence or Places appointed for the Performance of Quarentine, without Leave or Licence of the proper Officer from places ap or Officers appointed to see the same performed, such Ship or Vessel, with her Tackle, Furniture and pointed for Qua apparel, shall he forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Commander, Mailer or other rcntme forfeited, Person as aforesaid, shall also forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of anj cammm his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Prosecutor. ders, C to forfeit

2001.

This cause is excepted in the Continuation of this Act,

XV. And whereas several Persons guilty of the clandestine running of Brandy or other customable and prohibited Goods, or of receiving such Goods, knowing the same to have been so run, do frequent ly remove from their usual Places of Abode into some other County, and are there called by other than their truenames, to avoid their being prosecuted with' Effect for such their notorious Offences; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the said Pfov? Persons five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, be guilty of any Offence rjrimns Brandy, or Offences contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this or any other Act of Parliament made for the ^oahcua preventing clandestine running of Brandy or other customable or prohibited Goods, or of receiving such bode, &c.rmay

Goods be prosecuted.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

8 Ann. C 7,

S Ann,

C 13.

Seizures of Vessels, cof 15 Tonnes or under, Jrow to be proceeded upon.

C Geo. 1. c. 21. fcft. 20.

No Certiorari,

Justices of London, C to have like Power, as other Justices,

Goods brought from one Port 'into another iij Great Britain, C unshipped before Cocquet delivered to Customer, C forfeited,

Foreign Goods sanded without presence of offi fcij forfeited.

Goods into his or their House, Shop or warehouse, Custody or Possession, knowing the same to be so run, such Person and Persons shall and may he prosecuted for any of the Offences or Matters aforesaid, by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, and thereupon a Capias in the first Process, specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for, shall and may issue; and such Person or Persons shall he obliged to give sufficient Ball or Security by natural born Subjects or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall he directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue at the Day of Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit and Prosecution, and shall likewise at the Time of such appearing, give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

XVI. And whereas by two several Acts passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the one, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise upon several imported Commodities, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the other, entitled, hi Act for continning several Impositions, additional Impositions and Duties upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loan for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for taking ojf the Over sea Duty on Coals exported in British Bottoms, and for preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods, anti other Purposes therein mentioned, it is thereby respectively enabled, That if any Sort of Goods whatsoever, liable to the Payment of Duties, be unshipped with Intention to be laid on Land (Customs and other Duties not being first paid or secured) or if any prohibited Goods whatsoever be imported into any Part of Great Britain, or in case any Tobacco or other foreign Goods contained or specified in any Certificate, whereupon any Drawback is to be made, or whereupon any Debenture is to be made forth for such Drawback, shall, when shipped for Exportation, be landed again in any Part of Great Britain (except as therein is excepted) the Vessels and Boats, and all the Horses and other Cattle and Carriages whatsoever, used in the Landing, Relanding, Removing, Carriage or other Conveyance of the aforesaid Goods, shall be forfeited and lost, and may be sued for, recovered and distributed in such Manner as by the said Act is provided and directed; Laws have not had the good Lffefts there -- ' by proposed, in regard that the keeping and maintaining the Horses so seized, from the Time of Sei ' zure to the Time of Condemnation in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, is very chargeable, and for that the Charge of condemning such Vessels, Boats and Horses as aforesaid is very great, whereby Officers are discouraged from making such Seizures, and the Smugglers encouraged in their illegal Practises Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Seizures of Vessels or Boats of the Burden of fifteen Tuns, or under, which shall he made after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, by Virtue of the said Acts or either of them, or of any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, for carrying or conveying uncustomed or prohibited Goods from Ships inward or for relanding Certificate or Debenture Goods from Ships outwards, and that all Seizures of Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages whatsoever, which shall be made after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, for being used in the Removing, Carriage or Conveyance of such Goods, contrary to the said Acts or any of them, shall and may be examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged and determined by and before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Seizure shall be made, in such Manner, and after such Summons or public Notice given, as by an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abifcs in the public Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp-duties, post ojfce and House money, Seizures of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong waters (except as therein is excepted) may he examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged and determined, before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and such their respective Judgments shall be and are hereby declared to be taken and adjudged to be good, valid and effectual in the Law, and final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any Appeal, or any Writ or Writs of Certiorari -, any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

xvii. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any two or more Justices of the Peace of the Cities of London and Westminster, shall have the like Power and Authority in the summoning, examining, proceeding, hearing, adjudging and determining such Seizures, as are or shall be made within the Cities of London or Westminster respectively, as any two Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place have; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas foreign Goods are frequently taken in at Sea by Mailers of coasting Vessels,

who privately land the same, to the Prejudice of the Revenue, and the Encouragement of the soul Traders: 'For the Prevention whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods brought or coming into any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from any other Port within the said Kingdom, by Coast Cocquet, Transtre, let pass or Certificate, in any Ship or Vessel, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, be unshipped to be landed or put on Shore, before such Cocquet, Transire, let pass or Certificate, shall be delivered to the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Place of her Arrival, and Warrant or Sufferance made and given from such Customer, Collector and Comptroller for the landing or discharging thereof, the Mailer, Purser, Boatswain, or other Mariner, taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, out of which the Goods shall be landed or put on Shore, knowing and contenting thereunto, shall forfeit the Value of the Goods so unshipped; and if any Goods of foreign Growth, Production or Manufacture, coining Coastwise as aforesaid, shall be landed without the Prefenee of an Officer of the Customs, such foreign Goods, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C i 8. 385

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, 6 Goa. f! C it. C An Act for preventing of Frauds and abuj es on damaged Wines, and for lengthening the Time for the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Wines, it is enacted, '1 hat in case any Merchant or other Person importing Wines shall find the same, or any Part thereof so damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, that he shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties of such Wines, and shall thereupon stave, spill or otherwise destroy the same, as by the said Act he is allowed to do, in the Manner therein mentioned, such Merchant or other Person, shall as a Compensation for the Freight and other Charges, have the Sum of four Pounds for every Tun of Wine, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, of the Growth of Germany, or ' Wines which pay Duties as such, and of the Growth of France, so staved, spilled, or otherwise destroyed, and the Sum of eight Pounds per Tun, for every Tun of Wine of the Growth of Spain, Portugal, or elsewhere, and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity, to be paid in the Manner thereby directed; several and respective Allowances were made with regard to the Distances of |4 the Places from whence the said several Sorts of Wine are usually imported: And whereas since the making of the said Act, great Quantities of mean and corrupt Wines have been imported from the Isle of Man, the Freight whereof was inconsiderable, and laved for the Benefit of the abovementioned Allowances for Freight and Charges, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, which fraudulent Practice may not only, from the Encouragement before mentioned, be continued from the said Island, but also be carried on by ill disposed Persons from Ireland, and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or other Places and Parts beyond the Seas, to the lessening of his Majesty's Revenues, and Prejudice of fair Traders: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Allowance After 25 March shall be made by Virtue of the said Act, for the Freight or Charges of any Wine which shall be imported noallow after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, unless such Wine be pfwint ^nle!^ imported in Casks on board such Merchant Ship or Vessel, directly from the Country or Place of the; mporteddircaiy Growth of such Wine, or the usual Port or Place of its first hipping; any Thing in the said Act to the from the Place contrary notwithstanding. of its Growth.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel Allowances for having Wines on board, hall by Stress of Weather, or any other Accident be flranded, then and in such Wine in Ships Case, the Wines on board the said Ship or vessel which shall be saved, may be put on board any other branded.

Ship, vessel or Boat, and be carried to any of the lawful Ports or Places for landing of Goods in this c°ncefw& Kingdom, and be entitled to the same Allowances for such of them as shall be laved, spilled or destroyed, f ffff f C as if they came in the Ship or Vessel in which they were first loaded; anything in this or any other Act f zo.'if, 2! to the contrary notwithstanding. C 17. 10 Geo. u

C 19. 17 Geo. 2. c. 40. iscfo. 2. C 9, 26 Ga. 2. C 12. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 32 Geo. 2. c. 19.

XXI. And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 6 Geo. 1. C si.

preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Pidlick Revenues of Excise, Ciijlotns, Stamp-duties, Pof office, and Station ofnutl House money, it is enacted, That every Licence taken out for the Importation of Nutmegsj Cloves, j egs/&c° toe Mace or Cinnamon, in the Manner therein directed, shall be delivered to the Merchant demanding the delivered to the same, to be produced and delivered up by the Mailer, Purser, or other Person taking Charge of the Coiicftor of the

Ship, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port at the Time of entering the Ship, which Ad is port; ths

evaded for want of Penalty to enforce the same, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; 'Be Ported it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master, Purser, or other Person taking m.p..'Charge of any Ship, importing any of the said Spices from any Place or Places beyond the Seas, other than direct, from the east indies, shall not deliver up such Licence to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port into which the said Spices shall be imported, at the Time of his or their entering the said Ship, regularly endorsed, as in and by the said Act is directed, and also annex such Licence to ths Entry or Report of the Ship; and in case each Cask of Nutmegs, Cloves or Mace so imported, shall not contain Penalty in case neat three hundred Pound Weight, and each Bale of Cinnamon neat seventy Pound Weight, as by the q, ^c.ftcicpfcy 111 said Act is directed; and in any of the said Cases, such Nutmegs, Cloves, Mace or Cinnamon hall cssa be forfeited, and deemed to be imported without'a Licence, granted or to be granted by Virtue of the said Act, or any former Law, and such Spice shall and may be prosecuted, as also the Ship importing the same, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to the Customs, as if such Spice had been imported without Licence; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by the Acts made in the twelfth and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late i2car. 2. C is. Majesty King Charles the Second, the former intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing ofka L

Shipping and Navigation, and the latter intituled, An Act for the encouragement of the Greenland and scar C 7* 4 Eastland Trade, and for the better securing the Plantation trade; and by one other Act made in the third 3*4 DI, C V 4 and fourth Years or the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her le*I2'

Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, certain Commodities therein respectively enumerated, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture, of any of the British Plantations in America,

Asia or Africa, are for the Reasons therein mentioned, restrained to be imported into this Kingdom, or to some other of the said Plantations, under the Securities and Penalties in the said two first recited Acts, or either of them, particularly mentioned; since the making of which Laws, Copper Ore (which is not in any of the said Acts particularly enumerated) is produced in the said Plantations, and carried to foreign Markets in Europe, without being first brought into this Kingdom, to the Prejudice of the Trade, and the lefl ening the Correspondence and Relation between this Kingdom and the aforesaid Plantations; 'For Prevention whereof for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ^, °/prrr°j'e°of

British Plantations, futjefted to such Regulations as other Commodities, C

from

Vcl. V

Ddd

56 C 19.

Anno cdtavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Penalty, how to be prosecuted, see.

Secures, how and by whom the made.

in. LIV 11 II a iv.

in any of his Majesty's Courts of p.ecord at Tveflmirijier, or in the Cour spectively, (except where it is in this Act other wise directed)' wherein nc

from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, all Copper Ore shall be, under the like Securities and Penalties, retrained to be imported into this Kingdom, as by the fore recited Acts, or any of them, is provided for the Goods therein particularly enumerated j any Lav, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information,

rt of Exchequer at Edinburgh re no Essoin, Protection or Wager of

Law shall Be allowed 3 and one Moiety of the said several Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the life of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for or prosecute the same.

XXIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen and been made of and concerning the seizing of such Bran ' dy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, as well Foreign as British, and also of such Foreign exciseable Liquor, as by Act or Acts relating thereto now in Force, are in several and respective Cases enacted and declared to be forfeited; now to clear all Doubt and Qtieflion therein, or relating thereto, ' Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Liquors aforesaid, every or any of them, which have been, are, is, or hereafter shall be.forfeited by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force; or hereafter to be made, together with the Casks, Bottles, Vessels, or other Package containing the same, ought to be, and from time to time shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the cu stoms or Excise respectively, or by such Person or Persons who are or shall he deputed or authorised thereto, by.warrant from the Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or by Special Commission from his Majesty, under the Great Seal or Privy Seal, but by none other or others whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall af

concirmr.g Bran fault, refill, oppose, tnolell, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the dy, C jet far due seizing or securing any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, either Foreign or British,

tkr 11 Geo. 1. or any foreign exciseable Liquors, which by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, shall or may

be Lized by Virtue or in Pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts now in Force, or hereafter to be 7 Geo. 2. made, or shall by Force or Violence refeue, or shall cause or procure to be refeued, any Brandy, Arrack, 9eo. 2. Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, British or Foreign, or any foreign exciseable Liquors, after the same 10geo 2. shall have been Seized by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or Dial 1, at or after such Seizure, Have, break, or otherwise destroy or damage any Cask, vessel or Bottle 16geo. 2'. containing such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, 'Spirits or Strong Waters, British or Foreign, or such foreign 17 Geo. 2'. exciseable Liquor, the Party or Parties so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum locfj.a. of forty Pounds.

20 Geos.

Refilling Officer?, &c. for icits 40 1.

C 30. C 28. r. 17. r. 14. c. 23.

17. C 26. C 25. C 8.

17.

Co 12.

C 39*

24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11, 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. r. 29. 33 Geo. 2. C9fef 28.

[General Issue.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the same, as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this pre yea.safer 25 ^"ent Act shall continue and be in Force for the Space of two Years, commencing from the twenty-fifth March 1722, C Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then Farther corti next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

nued by 8 Geo.

2. C 22. 15 Geo. 2. c. 33- & 20 Geo. 2. c. 47.' and lajlly by 33 Geo. 2. c. 16. Concerning Customs, see farther 8 Geo. 1. c. 31.9 Geo. 1. c. 21.

13 Geo. 1. c. 7 fis? 30. 12 Geo. 1. c. 28. I Geo. 2. St. 2. C 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 35. 35 Geo. 2. c. 31. 18 Geo. 2. c. 28, 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21

Geo. 2. c. 2. 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. C is £? 29. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

Treble Costs,

This atto

continue for two

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the better Recovery of the Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the Game.

13 B. i. St. 1. ! TP OR rendering more effectual the Laws now in Being for the better Preservation of the Game, Be it r.j 13. 3 & 4 JP enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

W. & M. C 10. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority 6f ferfonihalfhert the same' That wheresoever any Person shall, for any Offence to be hereafter committed against any rfter°be luble to Pnw now n Being for the better Preservation of the Game, be liable or subject to pay any pecuniary any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money, upon Conviction before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may Penalty for Of be lawful for any other Person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said Penalty, by Information

fences commit /

against the Laws for Preservation of the Game $ any other Person may recover the said Penalty by Information before a Justice, or sue for the same. Sec.

and

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 20. 3^7

and Conviction before a Justice or Justices of the Piece, in such Manner as is in such Law contained, or to sue for the same by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his ma jeily's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Proteddion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he recovers, shall likewise have his double Colls.

II. Provided, That all Suits and Addions to be brought by Force of this Add, Hi 11 be brought before a the End of the next Term after the Offence committed; and that no Offender again! any of ivj Law t now in Being for the better Preservation of the Game, shall be prosecuted for the same Offence, b</h b 5 the Way prescribed by this Law, and by the Way prescribed by any of the said former Laws; and that (Y in case of any second Prosecution, the Person so doubly prosecuted, may plead in his Defence the former m Prosecution pending, or the Conviction or Judgement thereupon had. o. i. i

fcc t a ice

cuted for the same Offence. Father Provisions relating hereto, io Geo. 2. c. 32. 26 Geo. 1. C z, 2$ Geo. 2. c. 12. 2 Cu. 3 C 13,

CAP. XX.

An Act for paying off and cancelling one million of Exchequer bills, and to give Ease to the south-sea Company, in respect of its present Obligation, to circulate or contribute towards circulating Exchequer bills; and to give further Time to that Company for Repayment of one million which was lent to them'; and for issuing a further Sum in New Exchequer bills, towards his Majesty's Supply, to be discharged and cancelled, when the said Company shall repay the million owing by them; and that the Exchequer bills which are to continue, may be circulated at easy and moderate Rates; and for appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of the Sufferers at Nevis and Saint Christopbers, by an Invasion of the French in the late War; and for laying a further Duty on Apples imported; and for ascertaining the Duties on Pictures imported.

b tv/f O^gracious Sovereign; Whereas among! diverse Matters and Things contained in an Add

C iyl of Parliament made and passed in the sixth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 6 Geo. i. C 4,

enabling the south-sea Company to increase their present Capital Stock and Fund, by redeeming such public

Debts and Encumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Encumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in lieu thereof., to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Ex

It was recited or mentioned, That after the Application of such Moneys as are therein speci fied, the Principal Moneys to remain due upon Bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, made forth by Virtue of former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and would then be in or out of the Exchequer uncancelled

and undischarged, would by Estimation amount unto eight hundred ninety six thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds ten Shillings or thereabouts, besides Interef! on them or foine of them; and

4 it was thereby enacted, That the said Residuary Bills should be brought in to be changed for new Bills,

5 upon, such Notice, and in such Manner, as was thereby prescribed; and that the Commissioners of the

Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shoukl cause new

Bills to be prepared and made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for any Sum or Sums of Money,

whereof the Principal shoukl not exceed the said eight hundred ninety six thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds ten Shillings, adding thereunto the Interef! Moneys which should appear to be due there upon; and that such new Bills shall bear an Interef! not exceeding the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem; and it was thereby enacted, That the said Company, or their Court of Directors in their Behalf, should from time to time, during the Term of seven Years, to be reckoned from the Eeaft of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l one thousand seven hundred and twenty, furnish, supply and pay to Trustees to be chosen or constituted, as is therein mentioned, so much ready Money, in the lawful Coins of this Realm, as should be sufficient to enable such Trustees to exchange all such of the said Bills to be made forth by Virtue of that Act; as should be demanded at the public Office of the said Trustees, at any Time or Times within the said Term of seven Years, by paying (in such ready Mo

upon every such Demand, all the Principal Moneys contained in every such Bill, and the fntereffc which should then be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Bill Should be demanded;

and in case, during that or any future Session or Sessions of Parliament, any other Act or Acts of Parliament was or should be made for making forth any further Sum or Sums in Exchequer bills, to be circulated by Trustees at or near the Exchequer, and to be current at any Time or Times, within or during the said Term of seven Years, or for any Part of the same Term, at the Exchequer, and in the public Revenues and Taxes, upon Credit of such Fund or Security, or of such Moneys to be borrowed thereupon, as by Authority of Parliament should be established or appointed, to support the Currency thereof, then the said Company were thereby enjoined and required by themselves, or their Court of Directors for the Time he ing ( from time to time, during the said Term of seven Years, or for so much of that Term as the Exchequer bills, to be made forth by such other or future Act or Acts of Parliament, should have a joint Curren cy with the said Bills to be made forth by Virtue of the Add in Part before recited, or be current together or

at the same Time) to furnish, supply and pay to such Trustees in lawful Coins of this Realm, a proper 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

tional Part of such ready Money, as should be sufficient to enabblc the same Trustees to exchange all or any of the Bills which should be so current, whether they were Bills made forth by Virtue of the Add in

388 C 20. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Part before recited, or any other Act or Acts of that or any future Session of Parliament, as often as 6 Geo. t. C 10.*any such Bills shall be demanded within the Term of seven A ears, by paying all the principal Moneys contained in such Bill, and the Interest which should upon every such Demand be due thereupon, and so totles quoties, as often as the same should be demanded; and that such proportional Parts should, from time to time, be ascertained and determined in the Manner thereby prescribed (that is to say) As the Sum Total of the principal Moneys contained in all the Paid Bills then uncancel el and undischarged, should be to ten hundred thousand Pounds, so the whole Sum, which at any Time or Times during the Paid Term should be necessary and called for to support the Currency of all the said Bills, should be to the proportional Part to be furnished by the said Company toward supporting such Currency: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That if at any Time or Times thereafter, Provision should be made by Authority of Parliament, of so much Money in the lawful Coins of this Kingdom, as should be suffici ent to pay off and discharge all the Principal and Interest which should be due on the said Exchequer Bills, to be made forth by Virtue of that Act as aforesaid, or any Proportion thereof at a Time; and if by like Authority the same coined Moneys should be actually brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for that Purpose, then the same should he applied for or towards the paying off and discharging the same Bills, or such Proportion thereof, so far as such Money would extend, by paying to the respective Bearer or Bearers of the same Bill or Bills then handing out, the Principal and Interest which should be due thereupon, and placing such coined Money, or any Part thereof, in Lieu of any the said Exchequer Bills which should be made forth by Virtue of that Act, and should then be in the Office or Offices of any Teller or Tellers of the Exchequer, to answer such Payments whereunto the same Bills so remaining in such Office or Offices should then be legally subject or liable, and that such Payments should be answered under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities as were prescribed by any former Law or Statute concerning the Money for which such Bills did lie in the Exchequer, to prevent the Diverting or Misapplying the same; and from and after such Payments to the Bearer or Bearers, or such placing of Money in Lieu of Bills in the said Office or Offices of the said teller or Tellers, to an fwer such Payments as aforesaid (and not sooner) the several and respective Bills themselves, which should be so paid off, or for which coined Money should be so placed, should be cancelled, and the said. 4 Company should repay to the respective Tellers, so much Interest as remained due on the same Bills respectively, at the Time or Times when they were last paid into the Exchequer, before the Cancelling thereof, as by the said Act in Part before recited, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully ap 5 Geo. 1. c. 10. 4 pear: And whereas in and by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the said sixth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making forth new Exchequer Bills, not exceeding one million, at a certain Interest, and for lending the same to the south-sea Company at an higher Interest, upon Security of repaying the same, and such high Interest, into the Exchequer, for Uses to which the Fund for lessening the public Debts 4 [called the Sinking Fund) is applicable % and for circulating and exchanging upon Demand the said Bills at or near the Exchequer, the Commissioners of your majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, were authorised, at any Time or Times within one Year, reckon ing from the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the said- -- of the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they shall think moil convenient, any Number of new Exchequer bills, so as the principal Sums to be contained therein, should not in the whole exceed one million of Pounds (over and above the Exchequer bills which were to be current, pursuant i Geo. 1, C 4. £ to the Act first before recited) and that the said new Bills so to be prepared and made, should bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; such Interest is thereby enacted to be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills, as should at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receiver or Collector of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues whatsoever payable to your Majesty, your Heirs or Successors, during such Time or Times respectively, as such Bills should be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid; the Commissioners of the Treasury. or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, were thereby empowered to issue, or cause to be issued, by way of Loan or Advance, all such Bills as should be prepared by Virtue of that Act, not exceeding as aforesaid, to the said south-sea Company, or to some Person or Persons in Trust for them, the same Company giving Security upon their then present and to be increased Annuity or yearly Fund, and upon their weekly or other Payments to be made at the Exchequer, for or upon Account of their said Annuity or yearly Fund, for Repayment of the principal Sums solent, with an Interest not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, at such Day or Days, Time or Times, as should be agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, on Behalf of the Public, and the said Company, or their Court of Directors on their Behalf, so as no such Day or Time should be more re mote than the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, or the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and the High Treasurer for the Time being, were thereby directed and required to take especial Care, that upon Repayment of the principal Money so to be lent, the same, with the Interest or Increase accruing thereupon,

should be received and applied, in the first Place, to the paying off and discharging the said new Exchequer bills to be made forth in Pursuance of that Act; and that the Surplus thereof (after paying off and discharging the same new Exchequei bills) should be placed at the said receipt of the Exchequer,

4 to and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, to which the Moneys of the Surplusses, excels and overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, vere applicable; and in Default of paying the

3^9

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 20.

said Moneys so to be 'lent, with the said Interest or Increase thereof, at the Day or Days, Time or Times, to be limited pursuant to that Act, then the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three

or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, were thereby authorised and required to cause the Money solent, to be stopped out of the Moneys, which weekly or otherwise shall be payable to the said south-sea Company at the Exchequer, for or upon their then present or to be increased Annuity or yearly Fund, together with so much more as the Interest of the Money so unpaid Pnould amount unto at the said Rate, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to cause the Principal and

Interest so stopped, to be applied and placed in the Exchequer as aforesaid; to the End the said Bills which should be made forth by Virtue of the Act last mentioned, might the better obtain a Currency for so long Time as they were intended to be current, in Pursuance of that Act; it was thereby enacted, That as well the Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, then remaining in the Exchequer, which was advanced by the said Company, pursuant to an Act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, and the Moneys which ( from 5 gs r ' 4 and after the Application of the Sum of five hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, for discharging and

cancelling Exchequer Bills made forth by former Acts in that Behalf, or reserving sufficient thereof in the Exchequer for that Purpose) should arise of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overpluflcs,

commonly called the Sinking Fund, should be a Fund or Security for furnishing such Proportions of ready Money, from Time to Time, as are therein mentioned, for and towards exchanging and circula ting the Exchequer bills to be made forth by Virtue of that and the said other Act of that Session of 6 Geo. i. C 4, Parliament, or either of them, as often as the same Bills or any of them should be demanded, during their 10joint Currency; and it was thereby further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, should (so long as the said Exchequer bills to be made forth by Virtue of that Act, should have a joint Currency with the said Bills, to be made forth by Virtue of the said first recited Act, or be current together or at the same Time) fur nish, supply and pay, to the said Trustees for the Time being, out of the Moneys, from Time to Time,

being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Fund or Security before in that Act settled for that Purpose, in the lawful Coins of this Realm, on Behalf of the Public, a proportional Part of such ready Money, as shall be necessary to enable the said Trustees to exchange all or any of the Bills which should be so current (whether they be Bills made forth by Virtue of that or the said other Act of the same Session of Parliament) as often as any such Bill should be demanded, or within twenty-four Hours after,

4 by paying all the principal Moneys contained in every such Bill, and the Interest, which shall, upon every such Demand, be due thereupon, and so toties quoiies, as often as the same shall be demanded;

which proportional Part so, from time to time, to be furnished on Behalf of the Public, shall be so much as, together with the proportional Part, which, from time to time, should or ought to be furnished by the said Company as aforesaid, should be sufficient to enable the Trustees to support the Currency of the said Bills from time to time; and in the Act last mentioned there is inserted a Proviso, That if at any Time or Times hereafter Provision should be made by Authority of Parliament, of so much Money in the lawful Coin of this Kingdom, as should be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Principal ar, L 4 Interest which should be due upon the said Exchequer bills to be made forth by Virtue of that Act, or or any Proportion thereof at a Time; and if by like Authority the same Moneys should be actually brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer for that Purpose, then the same should be applied for or towards paying off the same Bills, or such Proportion thereof, so far as such Money would extend,

4 by paying to the respective Bearer or Bearers of the same Bills then standing out, the Principal and In 4 terest which should be due thereupon, and by placing such coined Money, or any Part thereof, in Lieu of any of the same Exchequer bills, which should then be in the Office or Offices of any Teller or! 4 Tellers of the Exchequer, to answer such Payments whereunto the same Bills so remaining in such Of 4 fice or Offices, should then be legally subject and liable; which Payments should be answered wdth the said Money in Specie, under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are prescribed by any for mer Laws or Statutes concerning the Money for which such Bills did lie in the Exchequer, to prevent the diverting or niifap plying the same; and from and after such Payments to the Bearer or Bearers, or such placing of Money in Lieu of Eills in the said Office or Offices of the said Teller or Tellers, to an fwer such Payments as aforesaid, and net sooner, the several and respective Bills themselves, which shall be so paid off, or for which coined Money shall be so placed, should be cancelled; and it is thereby also provided and enacted, That if before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty one, or before the End of the Session of Parliament then next ensuing, coined Moneys shall not be raised and brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Ex 4 chequer bills which should be made forth by Virtue of that Act, that then and in such Case, immedi ately upon the End of such Session of Parliament next after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, all or any of the Moneys then remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny (if the same, or any Part thereof, shall then remain there not issued to the Purposes in the last mentioned Act directed) and all the Moneys which, from and after the End of the said Session of Parliament next after the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, should quarterly arise into the Exchequer of or for all the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overpluftes, denominated the Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, or of or for such Increase thereof, as shall be made by repaying the Money which should be lent to the said Company as aforesaid, with Interest, and all or any the Moneys (if any should be then remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer) of the Loan which might have been made there by Virtue of that Act, for answering the said Proportions for circu

lating.

39° C 20. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. a.0.1721.

latino; and exchanging the fni'd Bills, or so much of the Moneys afore mentioned, as should be sufficient to discharge or complete the discharging of all the Exchequer bills, which shall have been made forth by Virtue of that Act, shall be applied for and towards discharging and cancelling the same, until they should all be paid oft', discharged and cancelled, or so much of the said Moneys should be reserved in the the Exchequer, as should he sufficient for that Purpose, as by the Act last in Part recited, Relation be ing thereunto had, also may more fully appear: And whereas, pursuant to the Act last mentioned, the said Exchequer bills, amounting to one million, were on the seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, issued by way of Loan or Advance to the said south-sea Company upon a Security under their common Seal, by an Instrument or Writing bearing Date the fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, for Repayment of the same in good and lawful Money ot Great Britain,

into the Exchequer, at the End of one Year, which was to be reckoned from the Time of hiding the said Bills, with Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas among many Matters and '1 hings contained in another Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year 7 Geo. i.stat. i. ' of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the south-sea Company to Ingraft Part of their Ca

C 5. C pita! Stock and Fund into the Stock and Fund of the Bank r/'england, and another Fart thereof into the Stock

and Fund of the East-india Company; and for giving further Time for Payments to be made by the said South Sea Company for the Use of the Public, It was provided, enacted and declared, That the said south-sea 1 Company, at their own Costs and Charges, on or before the seventh Day of June which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, should well and truly repay, or cause to be repaid, into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Sum of one million, together with the Interest then due for the same, and that upon such Repayment the Moneys so repaid, with the Interest

or Increase accruing thereupon, should be applied in the first Place, to the paying off and discharging

the said Exchequer bills, amounting to one million, with such Interest as should be due thereupon;

and in Default of repaying the said Sum of one million, with Interest and Increase thereof, according to the last mentioned Act, then the Annuity and Annuities, which should he then payable at the Re ' ceipt of Exchequer to the south-sea Company, should and might be stopped by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the High Treasurer for the Time being, or by the Offi cers of the Exchequer for the Time being, and the said Exchequer bills amounting to one million,

should and might be called in and cancelled, by and with the Moneys so stopped in the Manner prescribed' ' by the said former Act in that Behalf; and in the Act last in Part recited there is contained a Proviso, That if at any Time or Times thereafter, Provision shall be made by Authority of Parliament, of the lawful Coins of this Realm placed in the Exchequer, for paying off and discharging the said Exchequer bills for the said Sum of one million, the Bills themselves that should be so paid off, or for which such coined 1 Money should be reserved in the Exchequer as is prescribed in that Act, should be discharged there with, and cancelled, as is thereby directed; if before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty dhe, or before the End of the Session of Parliament then next ensuing, coined Money shall not be raised and brought into the Exchequer for discharging the Bills last mentioned, then all or any of the Moneys which should then remain in the Exchequer, of the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny (if any L such be) and all the Moneys which from and after such Session of Parliament should quarterly arise of or for the said Surplusses and overplus Moneys, called the Sinking Fund or otherwise, as is mentioned in the Act last in Part recited, should be applied for or towards discharging the said Exchequer bills, amount ing to one million, till they shall be all completely paid oft' and cancelled in the Manner and Form in the same at prescribed and intended, as by the same Act, Relation being thereunto likewise had, may more fully appear: 'Now we your majesty's raoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous that the said Exchequer bills, amounting to one million, which were created to be lent to the said Company, and were lent accordingly, may soon be paid off and cancelled, and being willing to give Ease to the said Company, in respect to their present Obligation for circulating or contributing towards the Circulation of Exchequer bills, and further Time for Repayment of the principal Sum of one million, which was lent to the said Company as aforesaid, they paying such Interest for the same as is herein after mentioned; and that a Number of new Exchequer bills, not exceeding one million, may be made forth and issued towards the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, and that the million to be repaid by the said Company on or before the Time herein after limited for the Repayment thereof, may be applied to cancel and discharge the said new Exchequer bills to be made forth by Virtue of this Act, and that all the Exchequer bills made forth or to be made forth, which are to continue, may be circulated at easy and moderate Rates, do therefore most humbly Money remain pray your Majesty, tint it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by

ing in the Ex and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That so much Money as at the Fcaft of the &*c.lnot jx«ed Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, shall be or remain ing the Sum fuf in the Receipt of the Exchequer, as well of or for the said Sum of three hundred twenty-eight thousand. n. ientto pay six hundred seventy three Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny as of cr for the said Surplusses, Ex hequtr Bills Excesses and overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund, or so much thereof as will not exceej'

ta'st.ifplri the Sum sufficient to payoff and discharge the said Exchequer bills, amounting to one million, which towards ditcliar, r ', b, n 1'r r.

ging the same, were created to be lent, and were lent to the Satih sea company as aforesaid, mad be applied for or toil not suffic ent, wards discharging and cancelling the same $ and if at the said Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed;

Then so much as

afterwards aiife, to be applied to cancelling the m,

Virgin

Virgin Mflry one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, the Money by this Act so appointed to <hf harge the said Exchequer Bills which were created to be lent as a sore la id, shall not be sufficient for that 'ur^ofe, then so much of the Money afterwards to arise into the Exchequer, of or for the said sur lufles, Excesses and Overplusses, called the sinking Fund, as (together with the said Moneys which shall lave been applied, pursuant to this Act, towards discharging the same Bills) shall be fufilhent to dif

\. D. 1721.

Anno

ocfcivo

Georgii

Re a; is.

o

C 20. 391

off, in the Omre of I'cller, &(., to be placed upon his Account,

I?:

harge and cancel the same, shall and may be applied to complete and finish the paying off, discharg and cancelling the same Exchequer Bills; any former or other Law or Statute to the contrary rot withstanding.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That so much of the said Money, which according to this Act ought to Money applicate applied to discharge such of the said Bills so to be paid oft, as shall be in the Office or oihces of any !»' litccjiarjte Seller or Tellers of the Exchequer as Cash, shall by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, ort, f B, |ls tote,: ili uty three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, be placed in the Excl e per in jlcad of such Bills, upon the respective Account or Accounts of such Teller or Tellers; and that tile said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Fime being, as soon as conveniently may be, shall by public Notice in Writing to be affixed upon the

I Royal Exchange in London, and publish'd in the London Gazette., prefix a certain Day, by or before which all such of the said Bills, which were lent to the said Company as aforesaid, (not being in the Exchequer)

"nail be brought in and delivered to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to receive the same at or near jthe said Exchequer, to be paid off, discharged and cancelled accordingly; and that all such of the sail. Bills for the said Sum of one million, which was lent as aforesaid, as shall not be brought in upon such Notice to be paid off, discharged and cancelled as aforesaid, within the time or Times therein to be fig, jniiicd, shall lose their Currency, and no Interest shall grow due thereupon, after the said Feast of the annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.

III. Provided always, That in case Proof shall be made upon Oath of one or more credible witnesses, upon pioof, C 'before the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or

any of them. That any of the Bills for the said Sum of one million, which was lent to the said Company d) t, °f0re" as aforesaid, were by Casualty or Mischance, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, before the fifth Day of 5 Feb. '1721, February one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and if by the party's Oath the Numbers and Sums Treasury to cauls of such Bill or Bills shall be ascertained, and if thereupon the said Chief Baron, and other the said Barons, the Money due, or any of them, before whom such Proof was made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied in such Proof, to bep "d ithat then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised to cause the Money due upon such Bill or Bills so loft, burnt or destroyed, to be satisfied as aforesaid, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be cancelled, provided the Person or Persons so receiving the Money, do give Security to the King, Pylons receiving to the good liking of the Person or Persons who shall be appointed as aforesaid, to take in the said Bills, the Moner w to pay into the Exchequer for the Use of the Public, so much Money as shall be paid upon such Certifi sivesecui'ty, C cate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bills so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed, be hereafter produced.

IIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said south-sea Company, at their own Costs and Charges, interest at 41. shall pay off, discharge and satisfy, or furnish Money into the Exchequer, to pay off, discharge and saper Cent, of one tisfy all the Interest Moneys, after the Rate of four bounds per Centum per Annum, which at the said Feast of the million payable Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two shall be due for mto the e.xche' the Principal Sum of one million, which was lent to them as aforesaid, and shall also at their own Costs qu<?ri and Charges pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer so much Money as, by or in Pursuance of the said ant a proportio acts of the sixth and seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, they are or shall be obliged to pay or bear for nal Part forcir' their proportional Part of Interest, or for any other Payments or Charges of or for circulating and exchanging Exchequer Bills, during the joint Currency thereof, which proportional Part to be born by the qjcr 1 s' C said south-sea Company, shall be deemed and taken to be ten nineteenth Parts of the Whole, and the same proportional Part shall be adjusted and paid as aforesaid, at the said Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, for so much as shall be due thereupon, and afterwards, from fime to Time, during the said joint Currency; any former Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the paying oft all the said Exche paying of?

of Exchequer

intended

created by this Act, shall be created, and a Contrast or Contracts from circulating

shall be made for circulating and exchanging the same million of Exchequer bills, and the remaining Exchequer bills that shall be then current, then from and after such Time or Times the said south s a Company, and their Successors, shall or may, by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the High Treasurer for the Time being, and registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, be for ever acquitted and discharged of, from and against the Obligation of circulating or exchanging, or contributing towards the circulating or exchanging of any Exchequer bills, pursuant to the said Acts of the sixth and seventh Years of his Majesty Reign, or any of them; the same Acts, or either of them, or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And

C 20.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Further Time allowed for Repayment of one million, C

paying Interest at 5 1. percent, after 25 March 1722.

The million not

CVI. And as to the Principal Sum of one million, which was borrowed by the said Scuth sca compa ny as aforesaid, and for Prepayment whereof they were allowed Time, so as the same should be discharg ed on or before the seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two as aforesaidit is hereby provided, declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case that Sum be not repaid into the Exchequer, on or before the fever.th Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, the said Company shall be allowed further Time for repaying into the Exchequer the Sum of one million, on or before the seventh Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; they paying an Intereli for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per an nmn, by equal quarterly Payments, from the said Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, until their paying off the Principal.

VII. And it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said repaid on 7 June Sum amounting to one million, shall not be actually repaid as aforesaid, into the Exchequer, on or be-1722. shall be fore the sevenjh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, according to the said fori72 .0, 1 une mer Act, then the said south-sea Company, and their Successors, at their own Costs and Charges, on or before the said seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall well and truly repay or cause to be repaid, into the Exchequer the said Sum of one million, for the Purposes in this Act expressed concerning the said Principal Sum of one million.

Interest, C to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Company, or be paid quarterly their Successors, shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, so much as of p iactj Ut t^le Interest f she laid million lent to them shall amount unto, from the said Feast of the Annunciation 0 'aupa of the blessed Virgin Afery one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the aftua] Repayment of the Principal; the said Intereli after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid quarterly at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, for such Uses and Purposes as are herein after appointed touching.or concerning the same In in Default nf terest; in Default of such Repayment of the Principal Sum of one million, of in the Payment of such princira^and Interest for the same as aforesaid, according to this Act, then the Annuity or Annuities belonging to the Interest, Annui south-sea Company, and payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall and may be Hopped by the Cointies payable at missioner of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the High Treasurer for the Time being, Exchequer, to be or by the Officers of the Exchequer for the Time being, and the Money so Hopped shall and may be applied in such Manner, as hereafter in and by this Act is directed in that Behalf.

In one Year after

IX. And to the end'a certain Sum of Money, not exceeding one million of Pounds Sterling, may ef march 1722. feftually be rasfed towards answering the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament; Be rew Exchequer it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the' commis bsmade ^ioners Treasury or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times within one Year, to be reckoned from the said Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, by such Proportions at a Time, as they respectively shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Public, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they shall think moll convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, so as all the Principal Sums to be contained in the Bills so to be made by Virtue of this Act, do not in the whole exceed one million of Pounds (over and above the Exchequer bills made forth by former Acts, which shall remain undischarged;,) and that the said new Bills so to be prepared and made in pursuance of this Act, shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and proportionally for any greater or lelfcr Sum to be contained therein and to be payable to the Bearfers Upon what Bills thereof respectively; the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills to interest shall be be made forth by this Act, as shall at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the a ate Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues whatsoever payable to

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, during such Time and Times respectively, as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners of the

for one million, £ C may sut

interest at 2d. per Centum per Diem.

Treaforv to cause Treasury, or any three or more of them, and the said High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby re tsaced as cash fptftft cly authorised and empowered to cause such new Bills as shall be prepared by Virtue of this Act, in ih Office of to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers at the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Teller, C each and every of which Tellers shall be feve.raliy charged with the Proportions of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively.

Sinking Fund to X And to the end the said Bills, which shall be made forth by Virtue of this Act, and the Bills made rum htr" Mo" fort h by the said former Acts, which snail from Time to Time remain undischarged, may the better ob jiicsforcxchang ta'n a Currency for such respective Time and Times, as they are intended to be current according to this ing and cirruia Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys, which shall from Time to sips Btlls, e. Time arise of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplusses, commonly called the sinking Fund, shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be a Fund or Security (over and above the Interest Moneys, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be answered by the south-sea Company, as is herein after mentioned) for furnishing such Moneys as shall be necessary to be furnished at such certain Rates, as are herein after expressed or otherwise, for or towards exchanging and circulating the same or any of them, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 172r. Anno octavo Georgi 1 Regis. C 20. 393

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well all and every the Lid Exche Bills made forth quer bills to be made forth by Virtue of this Act, until the discharging and cancelling the same, pursuant'e|"a'nl.ng to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, as also all and every of the Excheque. bills made taker by ri forth by Virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and remaining from Time to Time undischarged, reiver, s, C«the discharging or cancelling the same, shall and may jointly or severally be received and taken by, current, till dirand shall pass and be current, to all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain, of the Cu 'barged.

(toms, Excise or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may be hereafter granted due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons. Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments or Loans there to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, for or upon any Account, Cause or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that such of the same Bills, as shall be received at the Exchequer, shall And secured as and may be locked up and Secured as cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, settled and establish ab in lhe Ex ed by Law, for locking up and Securing Money in Specie received there; and that all and every the Re <hequer ceivers and Collectors in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply Receiver to pay whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable Moneys (if re to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, out of any cur lorfuc rent coined Money as shall then be in his or their Hands, of such Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply, to pay 1 s' such of the same Bills as shall be brought to them respectively, by any Person or Persons desiring to have Money for the same; and in case any such Receiver or Collector shall refuse or neglect to exchange such Bill or Bills for ready Money, by the Space of twenty-four Hours, then the Person or Persons demanding the same, shall or may bring an Action of Debt, or on the Case, for the Principal and Interest Moneys due upon such Bill or Bills, against such Receiver or Collector having Money in his Hands as aforesaid, in which action the Plaintiff shall or may declare that such Receiver or Collector is indebted to such Plaintiff in the Money demanded upon every such Bill, according to the Form of the Statute, and hath not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff in every such action shall On Refusal recover against the Receiver or Collector, not only the Moneys so refused or neglected to be paid, but also ay

his full Costs of Suit, and such Receiver or Collector shall be subject and liable thereunto, and in such colbo fsuit.u action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance; and upon Payment of the Moneys so to be recovered, the Plaintiff, his Executors or Assigns, shall deliver up such Bills to the Defendant, his Executors or Assigns.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as any of the said Bills shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, Upon Payment within the respective limes during which they shall be jointly or severally current, pursuant to this or or Loan of BM» any former Act, be paid or lent into the Exchequer by any of his Majesty's Receivers, or other Person or im°^Exchc' Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any Payments or Loans at that Receipt, the Officers there be delivereds&° shall cause Tallies to be levied and delivered to the Payers or Lenders, as amply and effectually to all In e e lvere'C tents and Purposes, as if they had made such Payments or Loans in Specie.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which shall from Time to Time interest tobeal be due upon any of the Bills so to be current as aforesaid, shall be allowed to all Persons, Bodies Politic lowed, till pay and Corporate, paying the same to any Receiver or Collector, Receivers or Collectors of any his Majesty's ment> C Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, or by way of Exchange as aforesaid, or paying or lending the same

into the Exchequer as aforesaid, to the respective Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid, exchanged orient; Provided always, That no Interest shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bill or When to cease. Bills, during the Time that any such Bill or Bills so paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in the Hands of any the said Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller or Tellers of the Exchequer, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XIV. And to the end it may be known for what Time such Bills bearing Interest, shall from Time Lenders, C to to Time remain in the Hands of such Receivers or Collectors, or in the Exchequer aforesaid; 'it r^bftribe their further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons who shall pay any such Bill or Nanlesi", d, w['ce Bills bearing Interest, to any Receiver or Collector of any of his Majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes or time ofloav Supplies, by way of Exchange or otherwise, or shall pay or lend such Bill or Bills, so bearing Interest, or payment, into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall at the Time of making such Payment, Exchange or Loan, on each Bill bearing Interest, and so paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon in Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year, in which he, she or they so paid, lent or exchanged such Bill or Bills bearing Interest; which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the respective Tellers in the Exchequer, shall take Care to see done and performed accordingly; to Receivers, C which respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall be allowed again the Interest which lie, (he be allowed in or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the same info the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid. pal'C

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills or any of Bills may be re them, maybe re issued and paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, and when the same shall be issued, C re issued or paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, the respective Teller there, from whose Office such Tellers to endorse Bill or Bills bearing Interest shall be fore issued, or again paid out, shall endorse on the same Bill and the dv Bills sore issued, in Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year, in which the same were sore when re 'issued, issued or repaid out of the Exchequer, and also on what Account the same were last received into the Re and on what Accelpt of the Exchequer, and sign the same, from which Time the Interest of such Bill or Bills fore lunt received, issued or paid again, shall revive, and such Bill or Bills shall again run and pass at Interest, as the same ca to

394- C 20. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

did before they were paid unto, or received by the said Receivers or Collectors, or before the same were paid or lent into the Exchequer as aforesaid' '!

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That the same Bills to be re issued from Time to Time, or at any sole iffnedfor Time, at the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be fore issued for the Principal Money to be contained therein, 1'iincipai and and for so much Interest as was due thereon, and allowed by the Teller at the respective Time and Times' Interdt due, C when such Bill and Bills were last paid into the Exchequer.

Receivers to keep

XVII. And be it enacted, That every. receiver-general of any the Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, a fair Book of belonging or to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall keep a fair Book or Books of Ac accounts, of counts in Writing of all the Moneys by him received, in which he orlhis Deputy or Deputies shall truly Moneys received, enter all the Sums which shall have been received by him or them for every such Revenue, Aid, Tax or Supply, together with the Names of the several Collectors from whom the same, or any Part thereof was received, the Days when, and the Sums paid, how much thereof in Money, and how much thereof in such Exchequer bills, and what Exchequer bills shall have been exchanged by every such Receiver ge persons concern neral, pursuant to this Act; to which Accounts every Person concerned shall have free Access at all sea acceft to such f°natde Times, without Fee or Charge; and the said Accounts shall constantly lie open atone certain Accounts whh plce, within the Limits of his Receipt for that Purpose; and if such Receiver shall neglect to keep such out See, chook or Books, or to enter therein any Sum or Sums of Money by him received and paid as aforesaid, by Penalty on Re the Space of three Days after the Receipt or Payment of the same, or shall refuse any Person or per ceiver neglecting fqns concerned to inspect such Book or Books without Fee or Reward as aforesaid, every such Receiver, or refuting, C for every Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tvejimwjier, wherein no eltoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance., .

mad in

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Lieu of bills"fil Exchequer bills, which shall be current as aforesaid, shall be filled up by Writing or Indorsements made led upor defaced, thereon as aforesaid, or shall by any Accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the commissi and to have like oners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and Currency, che or they are hereby authorised and empowered, by their or his Discretion, from Time to Time, to cause new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, in Lieu of such Bills which shall be so filled up or defaced, which Bills so filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the Receipt of Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; such Bills so to be made forth in Lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all Respects be subject to the same Rules, Methods and Continuance, as the Pills so filled up were intended to have been by this or any other Act, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates and Principal Sums, and carry the like Interest, as were born and carried by the Bills so cancelled respectively.

Trmfury may

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That for the greater ease and dispatch of Public Business at the ex cause Exchequer chequer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more sutr not exceed t^lern» or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he or they are hereby authorised and enabled, ing 50001, each, in ca^e he or they shall so think fit, to cause Exchequer bills, for any large Sums not exceeding five to be made forth thousand Pounds each, to be made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, and to be placed as Cash in the said in Lieu of Prin Receipt, in Lieu of the like Value of the Principal contained in the said Exchequer bills made forth for le^vawe^'^the 'e^"ei Sums, which at the Time of making such large Bills shall happen to be in the said Receipt, which exchequer"kc/ he at the same Time cancelled and discharged, and be kept there on a File for. that Purpose; and Such new Bills such new Bills for such large Sums shall or may be issued at the said Receipt, and have the same curren to have like Cur cy, and be in all Respects subject to the same Rules, Methods, Continuance, and carry the like Interest, rency, cas if and have the same Security, Benefits and Advantages; and the same Pains of Death, and other Pains,

originally issued. penalties and Forfeit ures, for any Crime or Offence relating thereunto, shall be inflicted, incurred, and

put in Execution, as if they had been originally issued by Virtue of this or any other Act for the said lelier Bills; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And ic is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Exchequer bill, made forth by Virtue of this or any other Act of Parliament, before

the same shall be paid off and cancelled, or any Exchequer bill to be renewed, or made forth in Pursuance

of this Act, or any Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, of tender in payment any such forged or counterfeit Bill, or any Exchequer bill, with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit Bill, or any such Exchequer bill, with such counterfeit Endorsement

or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Persons to be appointed to circulate or exchange the same or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate; then every such > or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and stall Undertakers for lurer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

circuiting Bills

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Undertakers for circulating the said Bills or such of to have Custody them as shall be current, shall, from Time to Time, have the Use and Custody of one Part of all the of Cheques. C Chequ s. Indents or Counterfoils, of all the Exchequer bills to be circulated or exchanged by them, to be c'el.veret from which the said Bills are or shall be cut, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by counterfeit«}>«, or forged Bills, and that such Parts of the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils shall be delivered back^cancelledrc L nt Exchequer by such Undertakers, when the same Bills are to be cancelled and discharged.

Forging such Bills, C Felony.

395

A.D. 1721; Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 20.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, t^iat as often as any Interest upon the Exchequer Entered upor dills, made forth or to be made forth by Virtue of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and rc Bills remaining naming undischarged, shall be demanded to be paid by any Undertakers for circulating or exchanging ctoa|f^cinot he same for the Time being, they shall not be obliged to pay for such interest any lefier Sum than one spm than one Penny upon such Bill, in case a single Bill be produced for Payment; or for the Total of the Interest of Penny, C such Bills, where two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And to the End all the Exchequer bills, not exceeding one million, by this Act authorised to prinri?ii of one be made forth, for or towards his Majesty's Supply as aforesaid, may effectually be paid off', discharged million lent to and cancelled, on or before the said seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three Suoth sea Com It is hereby further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said principal Sum of one^j'jf.1 million, owing by the said south-sea Company for so much lent to them as aforesaid, is and shall be a charging Surn, (Fund and Security for paying off, discharging and cancelling the principal Sums, not exceeding one mil contains! in 'lion, which shall be contained in the Bills to be made forth by Virtue of this Act; and that so much as Bills, C shall then be due or unpaid for Interest upon the said Bills to be made forth by Virtue of this Act (if any interestdueupori i such Interest shall be then due or unpaid) shall be supplied and made good out of the Moneys then arisen n'lls to b. c. sup or to arise, of or for the said Fund, called the Sinking Fund; and that the Commissioners of the Trea' linkin^fund: fury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as soon as conveniently aft(.r remy." may be, after the Repayment of the said Sum of one million by the said south-sea Company into the Ex meat by south chequer, shall out of that Money, and out of the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as aforesaid, cause all Sea, Bills to be the Bills which shall have been made forth by Virtue of this Act, for the said Sum not exceeding one cancelled, million, and the Interest remaining due thereupon (if any such Interest shall be then due and unpaid) to be paid off, discharged and cancelled accordingly; and for that End and Purpose shall, by public No Public Notice tice in Writing, to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and published in the London Gazette, prefix a certain Day, by or before which all the said Bills, not exceeding one million, which shall have when bills ftlnd been made forth by Virtue of this Act, and be then landing out, shall be brought in and delivered to; n? out, shall be such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High delivered to be Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to receive the same at or near the Exchequer, to be paid off, cancelled, discharged and cancelled accordingly; and if any of the said Bills which shall have been made forth pursuant to this Act, for the said Sums not exceeding one million, shall then be in the Office or Offices of any Teller or Tellers of the Exchequer as Cash, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause so much of the Money so repaid to be placed in the Exchequer instead of such Bills, upon the Account or Accounts of such Teller or Tellers respectively, that Bills not brought all such of the said Bills, not exceeding one million, to be made forth by this at, as shall not be brought 7 by Tirne Pre' in upon such Notice as is last mentioned, to be paid off, discharged and cancelled as aforesaid, within the |£ei'r Curlofs Time or Times therein to be prefixed, shall lose their Currency, and no Interest shall grow due there &celr urrency' upon, after the Time prefixed by such Notice.

XXIV. Provided always, That in case Proof shall be made upon Oath of one or more credible Wit On Affidavit, &rc. nelles, before the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Ex 'hat Bills, C chequer, or any of them, that any of the Bills which shall have been made forth for the said Sum, not exceeding one million, by this at were, by Cafuaky or Mischance, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, before noftc'e for before the Time of such Notice given for calling in the same, and if by the party's Oath the Numbers calling in the and Sums of such Bill or Bills shall be ascertained, and if thereupon the said Chief Baron and other same, C trea the said Barons, or any of them, before whom such Oaths were made, shall certify, that he or they are f "ry to Satisfy satisfied in such Proof; then and in every such Case, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or Money repaid more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised to cause the Money due y upon such Bill or Bills lo lost, burnt or destroyed, to be satisfied out of the Money which shall be repaid as aforesaid, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be cancelled: Provided the Person or Security to be Persons so receiving the Money, do give Security to the King, to the good Liking of the Person or Per ganpn°c<^t; £!7 fons who shall be appointed as aforesaid to take in the said Bills, to pay into the Exchequer, for the Use er 1

of the Public, so much Money as shall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bills so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed, be hereafter produced.

CXXV. And to the End a sufficient Provision may be made for circulating and exchanging for ready Money from time 10 time, the said Exchequer bills not exceeding one. million, to be made forth by Virtue of this al, during the Time they are to be current, and for circulating and exchanging in like Manner so many of the said Exchequer bills made forth by Virtue of the said two Acts of the sixth and seventh ears of his Majesty's Reign, as will remain after cancelling one million thereof, out of the said Surplusses and other Moneys pursuant to this at which remaining Bills will, by Estimation

in principal Money to the further Sum of nine hundred and nineteen thousand nine hundred and twelve Pounds ten Shillings or thereabouts, so long as they are to be current be it further enacted Treasury m y by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or C "ntr, a wltly the High Treasurer for the Time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, shall and may, from time to time, vorcironla enter into any Contrast or Contrails for obliging any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Cor ting bills for porate, who will voluntarily undertake this Service at his or their own Coils and Charges, to circulare ready Money, and exchange, or cause to be circulated and exchanged, at some public Office in London or' Westminster for ready Money, from time to time, all such of the said Bills for several Sums not exceeding one million

and nine hundred and nineteen thousand nine

hundred E e e s

and twelve Pounds ten Shillings,

as flysll be demanded

396 C 20.

Undertakers to pay Principal and Interest ol' Bills, on Demand.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

demanded at the said pu olick Office, during the Time or respective Times of such Contrail or Contracts, by paying in ready Money, at their own Costs and Charges, upon every such Demand, or within twenty-four Hours after, all the principal Moneys contained in every such Bill so demanded, and the Interest which hall then be due thereupon. and so toties quoties as often as any such Bill shall be demanded, the said Undertakers, from time to time, upon exchanging every such Bill, taking in the Bill so exchanged for their own Use, and being allowed a Rate not exceeding three Bounds per Centum per Annum, as well for paying the said Interest at their own Costs, as also in Reward for their Service, upon all the Bills so undertaken to be circulated, so long as they hall exceed one million in Principal, and a Rate not exceeding twenty Shillings per Centum per Annum for the like, upon all the Bills so undertaken to be circulated, from the Time they in the whole shall be reduced to any Sum, not exceeding one million in Principal, which said respective Rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned; and the said Contrast or Contrails shall be made in Writing, and registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty Exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such Time and Times respectively as shall be agreed. by the Contractors.

that cause^"not*

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, That such Contractors or any of them, shall not for that Cause disab ed to be only be disabled from being a Member or Members of Parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt mcmbtrsofpar or Bankrupts within the Intent or Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made against or concerning

Allowances for Payment and Services.

contracts to be registered.

liamer.t, nor liable to be Bankrupts. Interest of 5 1. per Centum per Annum, payable by south-sea Company, C and Sinking

Bankrupts; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

lowances to Undertakers,

XXVII. And to the End the said respective Rates, not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

and twenty Shillings per Centum per Annum to be paid to the said Undertakers as aforesaid, may constantly he raised and paid It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the abovesaid interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable by the said south-sea Company, for the said million which was lent to them, shall be, and the same is hereby enabled to be a Fund or Security, mid to be Southeast 1° lo" S as such Interest shall be payable for or towards answering the said Allowance, not exceeding the curities for Al said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum to the said Undertaker or Undertakers; and that the Moneys hereafter to come in upon the said Sinking Fund, shall be a Fund or Security for answering so much as (together with the said Interest; payable by the south-sea Company) shall make up the said Allowance after the said Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, so long as the same shall be payable, and for answering the said Allowance not exceeding the Rate of twenty Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the Time the same is to commence during the Continuance thereof, according to the Treasury to cause true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more Payments, of or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause the said respective Rates to the said Undertakers

to be paid and applied out of the same Funds or Securities accordingly; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. madebv spatlu

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time, f Moo'cy or Times hereafter Provision shall be made by Authority of Parliament in the lawful Coins of this Realm, placed in the Exchequer, for paying off and discharging the said Exchequer bills, which are made forth by the said Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign (in lieu of old Exchequer bills which were cancelled in Pursuance thereof) computed to amount to the said Sum of nine hundred nineteen thousand nine hundred twelve Pounds and ten Shillings or thereabouts, then the said Bills themselves so computed to amount to nine hundred nineteen thousand nine hundred twelve Pounds and ten Shillings or thereabouts, which shall be so paid off, or for which such coined Money shall be reserved in the exche ^if^befor^"0* c*uer to discharge tic same shall be discharged and cancelled; and if before the seventh Day of June "lune i72iretln one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, coined Money shall not be raised and brought into the the monies com Receipt of the Exchequer for discharging the Bills last mentioned, then all the Moneys which shall then ing in of the remain or afterwards come into the Exchequer, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplusses, commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall be applied for or towards paying off, discharging and cancelling the said Exchequer bills, not exceeding nine hundred nineteen thousand nine hundred twelve Pounds and ten Shillings or thereabouts, till they shall all completely be paid off and cancelled, in such or the like Manner and Form as are by this Act prescribed for cancelling and discharging the said Bills not exceeding one million, to be made forth by Virtue of this Act; this present Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arisen or to arise into the Exchequer by the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplusses, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except so much as at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two or after t^suc'*0 fd war<is' 's to I applied to discharge the said Exchequer bills not exceeding one million, which were ori (except as^herdn s'nal*v created to be lent to the said Company as aforesaid, and except so much of the said Sinking Fund ce, ted) to be as will pay off and discharge the said Bills, not exceeding nine hundred nineteen thousand nine hundred appropriated for twelve Pounds and ten Shillings or thereabouts, in such Case as aforesaid, and except such Moneys as are discharging Prin by this or any other Act of this Session of Parliament, or by any other Act or Acts of any former sef ofnationudebta i"lon Parliament, specially charged upon the said Sinking Fund, or to be paid out of the same, or out incu^rttktort3 any Moneys composing the said Sinking Fund) shall be appropriated, reserved and employed, to and Dec. i7*6 for discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and Encumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be such national Debts as may be redeemed and are provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed and appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, to be discharged therewith or out of the same, and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

3 XXX. And

for discharging the Bills made forih by 6 Geo. then the Bills paid off shall be cancelled.

Sinking Fund, to be applied to cancelling Bills, & C

A.D. 1j2t. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 20. 397

XXX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity shall NF to* be demanded or taken, directly or indirectly, by any his Majesty's Officers in the Exchequer, or by -k'n ft, any of their Clerks or Substitutes, from any his Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be pur'^ln°"lf, n done by the said Officers, Clerks and Substitutes, or any of them respectively, in Pursuance of this Act; th Act.

and that no such Officer, Clerk or Substitute hall divert or misapply, or cause or procure to be diverted Penalty on of or misapplied, any of the Moneys by this Act intended for the exchanging, circulating or paying off the fic.cr> c. said Bills or any of them, under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, to be incurred by and in mon^e^'&e flifted on them respectively, as by one Act of this Session of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, are prescribed or enacted for diverting and misapplying any the Moneys thereby granted, or for taking or demanding any Fee, Reward or Gratuity concerning the same.

XXXI. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasury out tf said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time Sinking Fund, being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and al cha'^vofexc lowed, out of the Moneys to arise of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, called cul; ^hi, the Sinking Fund, from time to time, the necessary Charges of cancelling such Exchequer bills as are hereby directed to be cancelled, and of making forth the new Exchequer bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas the Revenues settled or appointed for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, did produce in clear Money for one Year, ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the Sum of one hundred two thousand six hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, over and above the Sum of seven hundred

thousand Pounds allowed for those Services in that Year and by an Act of Parliament made and r«'ta' of passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding five 7 Ge

hundred thousand Pounds, by charging Annuities at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon ila'*' c' '* ' the Civil List Revenues till redeemed by the Crown; and for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (by 4 causing such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil li/l the Payments which shall have been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery Tickets; and for discharging the Corporations for assurances of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to his Majesty; and for making good a Deficiency to the East-india Company, it was enacted, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptisi in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven

and twenty-one, a certain yearly Fund, to be computed after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and upon all the Annuities to be purchased upon that Act, (hold be and was,

by Virtue thereof, settled and established in the Manner therein mentioned; and that for raising any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned, it hold be lawful for any Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay to the first or chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of five hundred thousand

for the Purchase of such Annuity or Annuities as were thereby charged or chargeable, subject to such Redemption as is therein mentioned; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, were thereby empowered to cause any Arrear or Arrears of any Sees, Salaries, Wages, Pensions, Annuities or other certain or extraordinary Allowances, or any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money due or to be due or payable at the Receipt of Exchequer, by Virtue of any Letters Patents or other lawful Authorities, whereupon the same respectively were or hold be

grounded, to be satisfied and paid at the same Receipt, by levying Tallies of Pro or Assignment, or - other Tallies upon the said Cashier for the Time being, for or in Part of the said Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds; and that upon producing such Talley or Tallies, and delivering or ten

the same to the said Cashier, the same Cashier hold forthwith give a Receipt in Writing for such

or Tallies, and the Person or Persons so producing and delivering or tendring the same, hold in respect thereof be deemed Contributors within the Meaning of that Act; and their Names and the Sums contained in such Tallies respectively, (hold be fairly entered in the Book or Books of the con '.troller therein mentioned, and into the Duplicates thereof, to be transmitted into the Office of the Au 4 ditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer; and such Contributor and Contributors, by delivering up his, her or their Tallies, or such as he, he or they (hold nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administra tors, Successors and Assigns, hold have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so purchased out of the yearly Fund by that Act settled and established, and (hold have such or the like Estate and Interest therein, as if his, her or their Contribution or Contributions had been specifically made in ready Money, as by the Act last mentioned. Relation being thereunto had, may more fully f appear. And whereas the abovementioned Sum of one hundred two thousand six hundred eighty-two

Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, was Part of the said Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds intended to be raised by the Act last in Part recited, and after the Raising thereof, the said Sum of one hundred two thousand six hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, ought (as Part of the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, arisen within the said Year, ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty) to be applied to make good so much of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, f commonly called the Sinking Fund, out of which the Exchequer bills, formerly lent to the south-sea

Company, are by this Act appointed tp bp paid off and cancelled, as is abovementioned Now for

'398 C 20.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1j2i,

Tallies to be struck for raising 202, 6821. 7 s, 33 d. 3 q. Part of the Sum of 500, 000 1.

Persons producing such Tallies to the cahier of the Bank of England, to have Receipts, and be deemed Contributors within the Act 7 Geo. 1. Stat. 1. C 27. Such Persons upon Delivery of Ta'lies, C entitled to Annuities in the last mentioned Act, C

Treasury may cause Moneys to be raised upon Such Tallies, C and alignments to be made thereupon.

the more effectual raising the said Sum of one hundred two thousand six hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings eleven Pence three Farthings, and applying the same as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall or may, and they are hereby enabled and empowered to cause such Tallies of Pro or Alignment as aforesaid, or other Tallies, to be levied and stricken in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, as they the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall think fit to intrust in this Behalf, as Part of the said Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, which was intended to be raised by the said former Act; and that upon the producing or tendring of such Tally or Tallies to the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Receipt or Receipts in Writing shall be given by the said Cashier to the Person or Persons so to be entrusted, his or their Assignee or Assigns, producing or tendring the same; and that the Person or Persons, his or their Assignee or Assigns, so producing and delivering or tendring the same, shall, in respect thereof, be deemed and adjudged to be Contributors within the Meaning of the Add in Part before recited; and their Names, and the Sum contained in such Tallies respectively, shall be fairly entered in the Pook or Books of the said Controller for the Time being, and into the Duplicates thereof, to be transmitted into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that such Person or Persons so to be entrusted, or the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who (as Assignee or Assigns of the Person or Persons so to be entrusted) shall deliver up or tender such Tally or Tallies, his or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, 'receive and enjoy, and be in titled by this Add to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities to be payable for or in respect of the said Sum of one hundred two thousand six hundred eighty-two Pounds fc ven Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, and every or any Part thereof, out of the yearly Fund by the last mentioned Add settled and established, and shall have such and the like Estate and Interest therein, from the said Feast of Saint John bapti/l one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and all other Benefits and Advantages in respect thereof, as if such Contributions had been foecifically made in ready Money according to that Add.

XXXII. [. And for the more speedy raising of Money towards making good the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised upon such Tallies of Pro or Alignment, or other Tallies, or upon such Annuities to be payable in respect thereof as aforesaid, by Mortgage, Sale, or otherwise, and at or for such Price or Prices, or at such Rate or Rates of Interest, or for such Considerations, as to the said commissioner of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, shall seem raoft expedient, and thereupon to cause any Alignment or Assignments of the said Tallies and Annuities, or any of them, to be made to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall purchase the said Tallies, or any of them, or the said Annuities, or any of them, or shall lend any Moneys upon the said Tallies ard Annuities, or any of them, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the ime being shall judge to be reasonable; which Annuities in respedd of the said Sum of one hundred and two thousand six hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, shall nevertheless be subject to such Redemption by Parliament, as is by the said recited Act provided touching the other Annuities which have been or shall be purchased thereupon.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Moneys that shall be raised as aforesaid. or towards the said Sum of one hundred two thousand six hundred eighty-two Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, as fast as the same shall be raised, shall be applied towards making good the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, out of which the said Exchequer bills, which were lent to the south-sea Company, as is abovementioned, are directed so be paid off and cancelled as aforesaid j any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dispositions and

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys lent and to Loan a" "a mt other ke lent tc) his majest'y upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid Moneys. to b's Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven bun

8 Geo. 1. C z. dredand twenty-two; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and

remain after all the Loans made or to be made on the Act last mentioned, and all the Loans by that Actor

any other Act of this Session of Parliament transferred or to be transferred to the Register for the said Land tax, and the Interest of the said several and respective Loans, and the Charges allowable for raising the said land-tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys to be raised by way of a Lottery or otherwise, by Virtue of an Act

8 Geo. X C 2. of this Session of Parliament for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to rarfe Ado

by way of a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two) and I for other the Purposes therein expressed, and so much of the same Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and i Perry by that Act granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the Payments thereby directed to be made upon Certificates, as well for the unfortunate as the fortunate Tickets therein 3 mentioned;

A.D. 1721. Anno ocsavo Georgii Regis. C. 20.

399.

mentioned, and the Charges by that at allowable for the Execution thereof, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys to be raised by ill uing Exchequer bills not exceeding one million, or otherwise, by Virtue or in Purfitance of this present Act, and the Sum of fifty six thousand eight hundred and seventy two Bounds thirteen Shillings and three Bence and four fifth Parts of a Benny, being Part of the Moneys which were granted to his Majesty for the Services of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and exceeded the Services voted or enacted for that Year, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the 111, 53*1. r; «. Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding 9^ aodone fitth one hundred eleven thousand five hundred thirty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pence and one to mafe fifth Part of a Penny, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund, good the iiefici for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-nine Pounds six Shillins and ten ency of the C e pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven neri Fund for hundred and twenty-one. at'mk"

XXXVI. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided J '1, 1 as aforesaid there fha Band may be issued or applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million six hundred seven ttioufand eight hundred ninety four Pounds four Shillings and fourpence and one

fourth Part of a Penny, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; For Naval scr is to say, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay ykes. to the Sea officers; and for or towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of the Ordnance performed and to be performed; and towards discharging the Debt of the Navy as it flood at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and for or towards discharging the Debt for Transport service as it flood at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one; and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed or to be performed.

XXXVII. And it is hereby also enabled. That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as For the Ord

aforesaid there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ninety three nance for land thousand one hundred sixteeh Pounds eleven Shillings and eleven Pence and three fourth Parts of a Penny, an ais^rfc for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of his maje.sty's Ordnance for Land services performed '"stores with and to be performed; and towards supplying his Majesty's Stores with Salt pctre, and rebuilding the Gun Salt petre, and Wharves at Chatham and Plymouth, and other extraordinary Services to be performed by the Office of Ord rebuilding gun nance in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and for defraying several extraordinary wharves at Chat expenses of the Office of Ordnance for Land services in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twen. ply'

ty one, not provided for by Parliament.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby likewise enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided For land as aforesaid there shall or maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding hi the Forces., whole the Sum of eight hundred forty-four thousand four hundred seventy one Pounds twelve Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces' 'and other Services " V >, herein after more particularly expressed, that is to say, Any Sum not exceeding five hundred sixty eight Guards and Gar thousand nine hundred thirty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of rifons In Great fourteen thousand two hundred ninety four effective Men (including Commission and Non commission Britain, C Officers and Invalids) for Guards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land forces, in Great Britain, jersey and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty thousand seven hundred forty-three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces.., j

and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Plantations, Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and any Sum Minorca and and Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, upon Account of Out pensioners of Chelsea Glbralt: lr hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and any Sum and Sums of Money chelfeahospital, not exceeding twenty thousand seven hundred ninety five Pounds six Shillings and twopence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses for the Service of his Majesty's Land forces, and for Provisions, and Extraordinaries, to satisfy several Clothiers Assignments, not before provided for by Parliament; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding eighty nine thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers half-pay offi of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Ap cers* plication of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same. See 9 Geo. 1.

C jc). How the Overplus of this Money is to be disposed of.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be The said Supplies issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before ^b0etherpup.st0 mentioned. no 0 r ls

XL. Provided always, That such Sums as by and in Pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament for thecom are or shall be due or payable to any Commissioners for taking, examaning. flaring and determining the rnissioners of Debts due to the Army, for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or other incident Charges, shall or may ari"y Account?, be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

400

Rules to be b sewed in the Application of the half-pay,

Geo. i. Srat. J. c. 4.

Clause for dispo ling theoverplui Money of half-pay Officers to the compas fiocate List.

9 Ann. C a 3. sea. 88.

Clause for Relief of the Sufferers at Nevis and St. Christophers, by an Invasion of the French in the late Wars, xo Ann, C 34. Set farther 13 Geo. I, C 3./. 10,

See 9 Geo. 1. c. 12.

Unsatisfied Debentures, how to be made good.

C 20. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

XLI. And as to the said Sum of eighty nine thousand Pounds by this at appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company.

That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay.

That no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice, or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since.

That no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Persons, by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same, as reduced Officers.

And that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XLII. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and for other Purposes therein expressed, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appro priated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of ninety four thousand five hundred Pounds, upon Account of half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application

of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of ninety four thousand five hundred Pounds, as is or shall he more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the aforesaid Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed to such Officers, who were maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others as by Reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas amongst diverse Matters and Things contained in an Act of Parliament made

in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, a Sum of one hundred three thousand and three Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence was appointed to be distri buted amongst the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Islands of Nevis and Saint Christophers, who fuf tained great lofl es by a late Invasion and Depredation of the French, to encourage them to resettle III ' the said Islands; by another Act made in the tenth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, taking Notice that the Bounty aforesaid would exceed or amount at lead to one third Part of the said Lodes sustained by the Planters and Inhabitants of the said Islands only, It was enacted, That her majesty's. ' Commissioners for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or any three or more of them, on such Proof

as was therein prescribed, should or might forthwith issue out, in the respective Names Of every such Sufferer, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, Debentures for one full third Part of their re spedlive Losses, specified in the return of a Commission therein mentioned (such Requisites being first performed by the said Sufferers, their Agents or Assigns, as by the said Acts were to be done and performed) and that such Debentures should be delivered out to them, or their respective Agents or Attor nies, and should carry Interest for the principal Sums therein mentioned after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven: And whereas the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations did make forth Debentures pursuant to the said Acts, which amount in principal Money to the Sum of ninety-nine thousand three hundred

sixty one Pounds sixteen Shillings, and no more, the Interest whereof, at the Rate aforesaid, hath been satisfied until the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and the said principal Sum, together with forty-one thousand seven hundred thirty-one Pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny Farthing, for the like Interest thereof, incurred for seven Years, ended at the 1 Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, making together

one hundred forty-one thousand ninety three Pounds fifteen Shillings and one Penny Farthing do still

unsatisfied:: to the End the several Proprietors of the said Debentures may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the Principal and Interest due or unpaid to them respectively, It is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Proprietors, and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall by Virtue of this act have and be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and in lieu of the Principal and Interest due or unpaid to them respectively as aforesaid, the same Annuities to commence from the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and to be payable half yearly; to wit, at the Feasts of the Nativity of Saint John Eaptijl, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, by equal Portions;

until

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C. 20. 401

until the Redemption thereof by Parliament; the first Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and the same Annuities Annuities upon shall be and are, by Virtue of this Act, charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Moneys unfjtnfied he arising or to arise of or for the Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, proportional Parts, bcn», rer fct weekly and other Provisions and Payments, commonly called the General Fund, established by an Act of Parliament of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, amounting to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of one Penny per Annum; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered, upon producing to him or them any of the said Debentures, to ifl uc Handing Orders for paying at the Receipt of the Exchequer the said Annuities to the said respective Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns l'efpcc tively, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise out of the said General yearly Fund, until such Redemption

paid out of the Genna.! Fund of 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

Charges and Impositions whatsoever, and the respective Proprietors thereof shall have good and sure Estates therein, and shall have Power to assign or devise his, her or their Estate or Interest: of and in any such Annuity or any Part thereof, and so toties quoties; no such Assignment shall be revocable, so as an

rtr ivtpmru tinrlnm rtf fnrk altnrnmrnf rr ill marlp in t^rtrtl'e lrpnt h

Treasury, tiron producing Debentures, to issue Orders for Payment of Proprie

Arc. until

as aforesaid; Annuities shall be deemed to be Personal Estates, and shall he free from all Taxes, Redemption.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Kflatcs, C and

V HI J*u1 V biiv. wij UUU) "*« V IUV.JI A >411^ .11. ... «. V v.v, uilivj iw «.» it. k ft a

Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be made in Books kept for that Purpose in the Office °nl

of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, within three Months after such Assignment or Death of the ^ccitlc" itc"' Dcvisor; and that upon producing such Assignment or Will, or Probate thereof, in the said Office of rc ceipt, to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit, taken °"pfaffiunment before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the said Assignment or Party to Will, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall be severally filed in the said Office; and the proper Officers in the bring a affida said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorandum accordingly, and to vit of its due file the said Affidavits; and in Default of such Assignment or Devise by Deed or Will, the interest of such Exertion. Person or Persons shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators; it is hereby enacted, That the jf-ke

same Annuities shall be paid by the Officers in the Receipt of Exchequer without demanding or receiving Memorandum, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for the same. C

Annuities to be paid by Officers in Exchequer without Fee.

XLIV. Provided always, That out of the Moneys arising or to arise at the Exchequer as aforesaid, of Officers to be re the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overpluses, called the Sinking Fund, it shall and may be lawful to and for 'v.a7fd ° "t °of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Sln ing un Time being, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the said Receipt for their Pains and Service in paying the same Annuities, and to satisfy such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Payment thereof; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon Annuities when public Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by to determine' Authority of Parliament, at any of the four most usual Feasts of the Year and upon Repayment by Parliament of the respective Principal Sums for which the same Annuities shall be payable, to such respective Persons and Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages Of the same Annuities to be computed by the Day, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, till such ablual Repayment, then and not till then the same Annuities shall cease and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the re(°lution House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the said London Gazette, and commons in affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice f{rteij tj, e within the Words and Meaning of this Act. Speaker in the

London Gazette, C to be sufficient Notice.

XLVI. And moreover, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, An additional answered and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Apples u Sl P'f. which at anytime or Times after the Feast Day of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thou 0 "Apples 1m sand seven hundred and twenty-two, during the Term of three Years from thence next ensuing, or before the ported after 25 End of the Session of Parliament next following the said Term of three Years, shall be imported or brought March 1722. into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all Customs, Subsidies and Duties already imposed This Duty is thereupon) an additional Duty, to be reckoned after the Rate of two Shillings for every Bushel, and pro portionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers, from, j Geo. t 1/7. Time to Time before the landing of the same respectively. pea. 11. ext

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Additional Duty upon Apples How, and under imported, shall be raised, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into his Majesty's Exchequer, by such what Penalties Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and to belaid. Form, as the other Duties upon Apples imported, or any of them are by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, prescribed or appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, answered and paid.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Additional Duty upon Apples To "hatufe imported (except the necessary Charges of Management thereof) is and shall be applied for or towards afplled making good the Services for which his Majesty's Supply, granted in this Session of Parliament, is by j this Act appropriated or applicable.

Vo E. V

F f (

40 2

Duties payable on Pictures imported after 25 March 17 22. for the measuring of Pictures imported, see 11 Geo. 1. c. 7. led. 12.

For Figures of four Feet Square, 31-

twofeet Square, 40s.

Less then two Feet, 20 s.

To be pt«d in ready Money before handing.

How, and under what Penalties to be paid.

How appropriated.

How redeemable.

9 Ann. C ai.

10 anne. 19 fcf 30.

I Geo. 1. fiat, 2. C 2 r

3 Geo. 1. c. 9.

5 Geo. 1. c. 1 9.

6 Geo. 1. c. 4

11.

7 Geo. 1. <\ 5,

7 Geo. L flat. 2.

After 25 March 1722. south-sea Company may sell Shares of their Stock (not sxceedirg 200, 0001. per Annum) by Lot: ery,

C 2r. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

XLIX. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, several Duties are payable upon the Importation of Pictures; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties for all Pictures, which fhrdl be imported from and after the feast day of the Annuncitation of the blessed Vir -- gin Mary one t'noufand seven hundred and twenty-two, hall cease and determine, and in Lieu thereof there shall be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ail Pictures, that from and after the said feast day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two shall be imported into Great Britain, the certain Duties following, according to the respective di mentions of such Pictures, That is to say, _ i

For every Picture of four Feet square or upwards, or of any Dimensions which being reduced, will produce a Square of four Feet or upwards, the Sum of three Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain.

For every Picture of two Feet Square, and under four Feet Square, or of any Dimensions, which being reduced will produce a Square of two Feet, and under four beet, the Sum of forty Shillings of like Money.

And for every Picture under two Feet Square, or of any Dimensions, which being reduced will produce a Square less than two Feet, the Sum of twenty Shillings, of like Money.

Which Duties shall he paid down in ready Money by the respective Importers of such Pictures, from Time to Time, before the landing of the same respectively.

L And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon Pictures imported, Ural] be raised, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into the Exchequer, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties upon Pictures hereby taken away or any of them, might have been raised, levied, recovered and paid, if the same or any of them had continued.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties to arise upon the Importation of Pictures, pursuant to this AI (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) shall be appropriated and applied as near as may be, to the same Uses and Purposes, to which the former Duties upon Pictures by this Act taken away, were applicable or ought to have been applied if this Act had not been made.

LII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That the Duties by this Act charged upon Pictures imported or any Part thereof, shall be redeemable by Parliament, in the same Manner as the said former Duties orrpidtures hereby taken away or any of them, were redeemable; and in all Cases were any of the said former Duties on Pictures were to cease or determine, a proportional Part of the Duties on Pictures hereby charged, shall likewise cease and determine.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to enable the south-sea Company to dispose of the Effects in their Hands by way of Lottery or Subscription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Annuity payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Debts of the said Company 5 and for Relief of such who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Act touching Payment of ten per Centum therein mentioned.

CI. 'ST WHEREAS the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the south Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the South Sea Company, are possessed of diverse Shares of the Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company, transferred and pledged to the said south-sea Company or their Agents, for their Use, for diverse Sums of Money lent by the said south-sea Company, and are likewise pollened of or entitled unto other Shares of the same Capital Stock, allowed by the said Company for, or arising from or by Means of Receipts given for the Payments made on Subscriptions for Money taken by the said south-sea Company, commonly called Subscription receipts, pledged to them or their Agents, for Moneys lent by the said South Sea Company thereupon, which said Shares of the said Capital Stock amount together in the whole to three millions and upwards: And whereas the said south-sea Company Hands indebted for Exchequer Bills, and also by their Bonds and Dividend warrants, in a larger Sum of Money than can be paid in such reasonable Time as maybe expected, without the Sale or Disposal of some Part of their Stock

And whereas the said several Shares of Stock io pledged and allowed for, or arising from or by Means of the said Subscription receipts pledged as aforesaid, may be deemed, or supposed to be liable to Re 1 demption, though in no ways likely to be redeemed: And forasmuch as to enable the said south-sea Company speedily to pay their said Debts, will tend to promote the public Credit Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said south-sea Company, and they are hereby enabled, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, to sell or otherwise dispose of to any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, all or any Part of the said several Shares of the said Stock, as well that pledged to the said Company as aforesaid, as that which was allowed by the said Company for, or arising from or by Means of the said Subscription receipts so pledged as aforesaid, or any Part of the Fund or Annuity issuing and payable at

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 21. 403

lie Exchequer, to the said Company, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds a Year, by way of Lottery, Subscription or otherwise, at such Time or limes, and in such Manner, as by the General Court of the said south-sea Company shall from Time to Time be thought fit and expedient.

II. Provided, That nothing herein' contained shall be construed to extend to alter the Provision made ivwfion by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making federal Provisions to restore, ie Act of the Public Credit, which suffers by the Frauds and Mismanagements of the lute Directors of the south-sea Geo. i. flat. Company and others, for paying inten per Centum upon such Loans, and thereupon discharging the Bore; ' for rv rowers from all further Demands of the said south-sea Company, for or in Respect of the Moneys so bort m C '^er rowed upon Stock or Subscription receipts, and for absolutely vesting in the said south-sea Company Loan's

such Stock and Subscription receipts so transferred and pledged, and for which Payments frail be made ortendred, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same Act, or to discharge any Person or Persons, who have not entitled themselves to the Benefit of the said Act, by making Payments according t the Directions of the same Act, of or from any Debt or Debts, due or owing to the said south-sea Company, upon such pledged Stock and Subscription receipts, over and above the Profit and Advantage that shall be made by the said Company by Sale, or other Disposition of such pledged Stock, and the Stock allowed for, or arising from or by Means of such Subscription receipts, so pledged to the Company as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said south-sea Sous'

Company shall think fit to raise all or any Part of the Money, by this Act: authorised to be raised for l[fan}0rrap' _ Payment of their Debts, by way of a Lottery, then no Contribution or Contributions to such a Lottery of their or Lotteries;, shall be received or taken in after the twenty-fourth Day of December which shall be in the Debts, by way of Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three. Lotteiy, oocon

tributions to be taken in after -4, 72j"

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said south-sea Purchasers of^Company shall think fit, in Pursuance of any Resolution or Resolutions of their General Court, to raise Annuitiics3"! all or any Part of the Money by this Act intended to be raised, for Payment of the said company's Debts, tie at the Ex* by selling or disposing any Part or Parts of the yearly Funds or Annuities of the said Company, now pay chequer, entitled able at the Exchequer, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (such Part or Parts not to exto the Receipt, ceed in the whole two hundred thousand Pounds per Annum as aforesaid) then the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall contract or agree for purchasing such Part or Parts of the said Annuities, or yearly Funds of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be able and capable in Law, to purchase, take, hold and enjoy the same, and shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by Force and Virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy the Part or Parts so purchased, from such Time or Times as shall be agreed upon by or between the said Company and the Purchaser or Purchasers respectively.

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Arrears of so much as shall be pur Arrears of an chased as aforesaid, of and in the Annuities or yearly Funds of the said Company, as shall be due and pur: lt computed by the Day to the Time or respective Times to be agreed upon as aforesaid, shall be and re. ^c' °" pa>a e main payable to the said Company, by weekly Payments or otherwise, as the Money appointed or intended by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be applied for or towards the Payment of such Part or Parts

to be purchased as aforesaid, of and in the said Annuities or yearly Funds, and the same shall be fully paid and satisfied before any of the Payments, by this Act directed or intended to be made to such Purchaser or Purchasers, shall be made; and that so much of the said Part or Parts to be purchased as aforesaid, of and in the Annuities or yearly Funds of the said Company, as shall be computed by the Day from the Time or respective Times to be agreed upon as aforesaid, until the usual quarterly feast day then next ensuing, shall be reckoned to be due at the said next succeeding feast day, and that from and after the same feast day, the said Part or Parts of the said Annuities, or yearly Funds to be purchased as aforesaid, shall grow and be accounted due quarterly, at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by even and equal Portions (nevertheless to be satisfied by weekly or other Payments, as is herein after mentioned) and that the said Part or Parts of the said Annuities, or yearly Funds so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable to the said Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall purchase the same, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise into the said Exchequer, of or for the particular Duties, Revenues, proportional Parts of Revenues, or other Provisions now charged or chargeable with the same as Annuities, or as Part of the Annuities of the said company, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until and for the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, uiftil Redemption by Parliament, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all the Precepts, Directions,

Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, for or in order to the satisfying, Bluing, paying or securing the Annuities or yearly Funds of the said Company, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution for satisfying, Bluing, paying or securing the said Part or Parts, after the purchasing thereof, to the Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, as fully and effectually as the same Part or Parts should or ought to have been iil ued, paid or secured, if the same were not sold as aforesaid, and as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Precepts, Directions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, Clauses, Matters and Things, were again repeated in this Act.

Fff 2

VI. Pro

4c4 C 2

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

No Agreement

VI. Provided always, That no Agreement for the Sale of any Part of the Fund or Annuity of the

to be made for south-sea Company, shall be made between the said Company and any other Body Politic or Corporate, "nt unless ten Days Notice at the least be given in the London Gazette, and upon the Royal Exchange, before

j,-1 Tv .1 !___. C, r'onr* r. C Qr,.*!-. Can f i a nontt f n Ko fi i m m arvorl f a 'mnrntrq fp/9 Colo P

sa'e of Annui

corpora efwith the Meeting of any General Court of the south-sea Company, to be summoned to approve the Sale of cm ten Hays No the same, tice in the London Gazette before the Meeting of a General Court, C

Annuities after ihe Kate of 20 Years Put chase, to be Capital Stock, Arc. Bodies Politic

tal, C

Treasury to make forth the Orders for Payment.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Values, to be computed after the Rate of twenty Years purchase, for such Part or Parts of the said Annuities as shall be so purchased, shall from the Time or Times to be specified in such Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid, become a Capital Stock of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall so purchase the same; and in case such Purchase or Purchases shall be made by anybody Politic or Corporate, such Body Po

purchasing, may fitick or Corporate is hereby enabled (in case they shall think fit) to add or unite the Capital Stock so Smck created^to createc^i or cause the same to be added and united, to the then Capital Stock of the said Body Politic or their then Capi Corporate so purchasing the same; and in such case every Member of such Body Politic or Corporate - shall have Credit in the Books thereof for his, her or their Share or Shares of the Capital Stock so created,

added and united, and all the Profits, Dividends and Advantages whatsoever to attend the same; and from and after any such Purchase or Purchases made as aforesaid, the Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company shall be leflcned so much as the said Value or Values of the said Part or Parts so sold, shall amount unto; and the Annuities or yearly Funds of the same Company shall likewise be leftened so much as the said Part or Parts of the said Annuities so sold shall amount unto; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the better and more regular Payment of all the Moneys intended by this alto be paid to such Purchaser or Purchasers of such Part or Parts of the said Annuities (if any such be) his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, at the different Rates, and in such Manner as aforesaid, (subject nevertheless to such Reduction and Redemption, as are by this Act provided concerning the same) an Order or Orders shall, from Time to Time, be made forth and signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the High Treasurer for the Time being; and after signing thereof, the same shall be good, firm, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Death or Removal of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, or by or upon the Death or Determination of the Power, Office or Offices, of them or any of them; nor shall any Commissioners of the Treasury. High Treasurer or under Treasurer for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand or make void, fqch Order or Orders so made forth and signed as aforesaid.

IX. And for the more speedy Payment of the Moneys which shall be due and payable to any Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall become Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid', (if any such be) and to his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively,

ucmsunitiwm up, on such Order or Orders as aforesaid; is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority afore iipon order^fct. weekly or otherwise, as the Moneys appointed or intended by this Act to be applied for or to

wards the said Payments to grow due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and shall or ought to be set apart for that Purpose, such Moneys shall and may, from Time to Time, be issued upon such Order or Orders, for or towards discharging the said Part or Parts of the said Annuities or yearly Funds, which shall be purchased as aforesaid1, and shall grow due at the end of that Quarter of a Year in which such Issues or Payments shall be made, so as such weekly or other Payments do not exceed the Sums, which shall grow due for or at the End of such Quarter respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall have purchased or agreed for any Part or Parts of the said Annuities of the said south-sea Company as aforesaid, for better enabling themselves to pay for the same (if they shall see Cause) to raise Money, by opening Books for taking in Subfciptions from any Person or Persons (as well their own Members as others) for the Sale of their Capital Stock created as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Part of the purchased Annuities to attend the same, or by making any Call or Calls of Money from the respective Member or Members of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, proportionally to the Shares which such Members shall then have in the Capital Stock or Stocks of the same, and by slopping and disposing the Shares and Dividends of such Members, as shall make Default in answering such Cali or Calls, and applying the Money so stopped or raised for the Purpose aforesaid, or by borrowing Money upon Bonds, Bills or Obligations, under the common Seal or Seals of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate or otherwise, as to them shall seem most meet and convenient; and every such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, is and are hereby enjoined and required to apply or cause to be applied the Moneys so raised, for or towards paying or completing the Payment of the Purchase Money to the said south-sea Company, for such Part or Parts of their said Annuities which shall be so purchased as aforesaid.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, That the Capital Stock, which any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, by and in Pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid, and of this

The Orders to be irrevocable.

Weekly Payments to be made

Purchasers of Annuities may raise Money by taking in subscriptions for Sale of Capital Stock, &c.

Capital Stock,

Annuities and Shares to be

themed Personal Estates, and free of all Taxes, cast,

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 21. 405

Act, shall be entitled unto, and the said partorparts of the said Annuities or yearly Funds of the said south-sea Company, which shall be purchased as aforesaid, and are intended to attend the same, and the parti cular Share and Shares of any Member of such Body Politic or Corporate of and in the same, shall be, and be deemed and adjudged in Law and Equity, to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever; and in case anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate shall he entitled to the Capital Stock, to be ascertained pursuant to such Agreement or Agreements, and this Act as aforesaid, then and in al and every such Case and Cases, the respective Members of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall have any Share or Shares therein, shall or may assign Shares may he and transfer such his, her or their Share or Shares or any Part thereof, in the Book or Books of the same transftrmt 01 Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, in such or the like Method, Manner ami Form, as devised, care prescribed in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Charter or Charters, now in Force for assign inents or transfers of original Stock, to be made in the Book or Books of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, or shall or may dispose or devise the same or any Part thereof by Will, in such "*

and Form as any Share in the original Stock of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate is de vifeable; and that the Part or Parts of the said Annuities of the said south-sea Company, which shall be purchased as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons (not being a Body Politic or Corporate) or any Part thereof, shall or may be assignable and assigned by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals respectively; and such Assignments over may be made totiesquoties, so as such Assignments be notified in the Books of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, and shall or may be disposed or devised by Will, so as every such Will, within three Months after the £)eceafe of every Testator, be entered in the same Office.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be employed in making Persons employ

any Agreement for the Sale or Purchase of any Part or Parts of the said Annuities of the south-sea Com fcr makms

pany, or in the Management of the Capital Stock to be ascertained for the same, or of the Annuity or ^afeecctn's0[or Annuities so to be purchased, or in raising the Money to pay for the same or otherwise, in the Execution diiibicdro serve of this Act, shall for that Cause only, be disabled for serving as a Member of Parliament, or be liable to; n Parliament, any Penalty or Disability for not qualifying himself to execute his Trust pursuant to this Act, as if it

were an Office or Place of Profit; and that no Member of anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate Persons having which shall be entitled to Stock, pursuant to such Agreement or Agreements, and this Act as aforesaid, Stock, r. not shall in respect of his Share or Shares therein, be liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Meaning of any the jiab ce ton^anf^' Statutes made concerning Bankrupts; and the Stock of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate af xn^attach' certained as aforesaid, shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London or ment. otherwise.

XIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person and Persons, Purchasen to re body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as shall purchase any Part or Parts of the said Annuities of the said

south-sea Company as aforesaid, his, her and their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns reb Sc: ll au spectively, shall have, hold, receive and enjoy the same at the respective Rates aforesaid, until the said Company,

Part or Parts so purchased shall be redeemed pursuant to this Act; and anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate purchasing such Part or Parts of the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, shall continue a Corporation until such Redemption of the Part or Parts of the same Annuities which shall have been purchased by them.

XIV. Provided always, That at any Time after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one After June thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, upon Repayment by Parliament, to the Person or Persons, 1727- upon Re body or Bodies Politic or Corporate who shall then be entitled to the said Capital Stock, in respect of the said Part or Parts of the said Annuities which shall have been so purchased, of the whole Sum whereof pjtxstock, and their Capital Stock in respect of the Annuities so purchased shall then consist according to this Act, with upon Payment of out any Deduction, Defalcation or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same or any Part thereof. Arrears, C and upon Payment of all Arrears which shall be then due at the respective Rates aforesaid or either of Annmtes to them, upon the said Annuities which shall be so purchased, all which Arrears (if any such be) shall be ccae' computed and paid to the quarterly feast day then next preceding, and from thence shall be computed and paid by the Day, till the Time of such full Payment made of the Capital Stock last mentioned; then the said Part or Parts of the said Annuities which shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

XV. And in regard it is intended that at any Time or Times after the said Feast of the Nativity of After 24 June Saint John Baptist out thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, the Principal or Total Sum of the 1727, on Re.

Capital Stock, which shall then belong to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corpo payment of Part rate, in respect of any Annuity or Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid, may be satisfied by any Pay rb"jc, ri(ffc'

ments, not being less than one eighth Part thereof at a Time, and that as the same Principal shall be an onedghth)

paid off, the said Annuities which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time proa proportional '

portionably fink and be abated Be it therefore further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Part of Annui that at any Time or Times after the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand fe tiest0 ceali: veil hundred and twenty seven, upon Repayment by Parliament to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall then be entitled to the Capital Stock in respect of the Annuity or Annuities which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than one eighth Part thereof at a Time) in Part of the principal Moneys whereof the same Capital Stock shall consist, and upon Payment of all Arrears then due at the respective Rates aforesaid or either of them, for or upon the Annuities so purchased, or so much of those Arrears as shall bear a Proportion to the prin

406 C 22. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

cipal Sums, from time to time, remaining unsatisfied, being computed by the Day, until the Time of every inch Payment of Part of the Principal respectively; then from and after every such Payment so made, so much of the said Annuity or Annuities which shall have been so purchased as aforesaid, as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said Principal, shall cease, determine and be abated; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to t'ne contrary notwithstanding.

After rejemp

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the Redemption of the an ties" have al nuiti428 which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, according to the several and respective Provisoes or Duties hereby Conditions of Redemption in this Act contained, then, and not till then, so much of the several Duties, applied, care Revenues and Incomes as are by this Act applicable thereunto during the Continuance thereof, shall be redeerred by understood to "be redeemed by Parliament, and shall not be issued, paid or applied to any Use, Intent or !'mliament, C purpose whatsoever, without Authority of Parliament.

Capital stock re

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the ca tune*j7a7', crp'ta' Stock of the said south-sea Company as shall remain in that Company after Sale of such Part or 'dtemable by Par. Parts thereof, as shall be sold pursuant to this Act (if any Part thereof shall be so sold) shall, after the Lament, on Pay said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, be redeem ment ot so much able by Parliament, upon Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money whereof their Capital shall then /lll then consist c0r'hh: j (exclusive of so much as shall have been sold by them pursuant to this Act) and of all Arrears of of 4 C B nl their Annuities which shall then remain to them, and upon Payment of the Arrears of the yearly Sums allowed to the said south-sea Company for Charges of Management; and that the Redemption of their Capital Sum so remaining, shall or may be made upon Payment by Parliament at one Time, or at several Times (not being less than one million at a Time) according to the Powers of Redemption contained in one Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his Majesty's reign in that Behalf.

I i°'cimk sot And whereas the first Moiety or half part of the said Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, for Relief of Per ' Money borrowed of the said south-sea Company, was, by the before mentioned Act of the last Session fens intended to of Parliament, limited to be paid on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven have the Benefit 5 hundred and twenty-one, and diverse Persons intended to be relieved by the last mentioned Act, having of a late AC lapled the said Time of Payment, are thereby at present excluded from the Benefit of the said act for rnent of ten" Relief of the said Persons, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons in bounds per tended to have the Benefit of the said last mentioned Act, and who have lapsed the said Time of Pay cent. C _ or the respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Persons, shall pay to the Cashier of Farther Piom the said Company for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, at their public Office thhcompan"^'n London, so much Money as a Moiety of the said ten Pounds per Centum, to be computed on the Sums fee\hemxtchap f respectively borrowed, as in the said Act is expressed, shall amount to, on or before the twenty-fifth ter, and farther, Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, with Interefc for the said Moiety of the said9Gn, i. C 6. ten Pounds per Centum, from the said twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and i Gn. ^. C s. twenty-one; then such Person or Persons shall, upon such Payment made, or lawfully tendred, and belt 20 «c»j, «ng refused, and not otherwise, be entitled to the Benefit of the last mentioned Act, as fully as if such C 5.'5 Geo. 2. Payment of the first Moiety of the said ten Pounds per Centum had been duly made within the Time C 17. 6 Geo. 2. limited by the said last mentioned Act. C 25 & 28.

7 Geo. a, C 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. see. o 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 & 11. 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by forging Powers to transfer such Stocks, or to receive such

Annuities or Dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently personating the true

Owners thereof; and to rectify Mistakes of the late Managers for taking Subscriptions for

increasing the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, and in the Instruments sounded

theretmon.

Offerees agttinfl this Act are excepted oat of the general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. $ 2

see. 22.

Asser 1 ma ch J 2i, forging Letters of Attorney, C

WHEREAS of late diverse Frauds and Abuses have been committed by forging and counterfeit

ing die Elands of some of the Proprietors of the Shares of and in the Capital Stock and Funds of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as are established by Act or Acts of Parliament in that, Behalf, or some of them, or by forging or counterfeiting the Hands of Persons entitled to the Divi dends attending the said Shares, or some of them, or by forging or counterfeiting the Hands of Persons entitled to Annuities, in respect whereof the Proprietors have transferable Shares in a Capital Stock or Stocks established by Act or Acts of Parliament, in Proportion to their respective Annuities; and diverse Frauds and Abuses have been or may be committed by Persons fnllly and deceitfully personating the true and real Proprietors of the said Shares in Stock, Annuities and Dividends, or some of them: 'Now for the better preventing such pernicious Practises for the Future, Be it enacted by the King's moll fixcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com -- mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one. shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully at or affifli in the forging or counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument to transfer, assign, sell or convey any such Share or Shares, or any Part of such Share or Shares of and in such Capital Stock or Stocks as aforesaid, or any of them, or to receive any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend 01

Dividend:

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 22.

Dividends as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or affitl in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any the Proprietors of any such Share or Shares in Stock, or of any the Persons entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any such Share or Shares in Stock, or any Part thereof, transferred, assigned, sold or conveyed, or such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, to be received by Virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority or instrument, or shall fa] 11 y and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietors of the said Shares in Stock, Annuities and Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer the Stock, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then and in every or any such Care, all and every such Person and Persons (being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law) shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And whereas by an instrument in Writing, bearing Date the ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty, under the Hands and Seals of the then Commissioners of his Mu ' jesty's Treasury, sundry principal Sums therein mentioned, amounting together to eleven millions one hundred seventy two thousand five hundred ninety three Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, were declared to be added to the Capita] Stock of the south-sea Company; and in respect of such Stock several yearly Sums, making together five hundred thirty-nine thousand thirty-six Pounds three Shillings and eleven Fence, were thereby declared to be added to the Annuity or yearly Fund of the said company, and to commence or take Place from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel then la ft part: And whereas seven millions five hundred fifty-eight thousand three hundred and fifteen Pounds ten Shillings and threepence, Part of the said additional Stock of eleven millions one hundred seventy two thousand five hundred ninety three Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, was for principal Sums subscribed into the said Company the fifteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred ard twenty, for which an Annuity at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, was payable at the Bank of England, by Virtue of an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, according to one Duplicate of ' a Book of Subscriptions, signed and attestrd by three of the late Managers for taking such Subscriptions, as in the said instrument is more fully and at large set forth: And whereas it is evident, that the said principal Sum of seven millions five hundred fifty-eight thousand three hundred fifteen Pounds tea Shillings and threepence was a mistaken principal Sum, for that the said late Managers, or those employed under them, in bringing over the Totals of sundry Pages in the said Duplicate book, to make one Total at the End thereof, had omitted to bring over a Subscription of two thousand Pounds contained in the said Book under the Letter B. (Page thirty-three) and several Subscriptions under the Letter M. beginning Page thirty-three and ending Page forty, and the Subscriptions so omitted to be brought over, do amount to sixty seven thousand eight hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence; and by Means of the said Mistake, the said Company have had iefs additional Stock and additional Annuity declared by the said instrument than they ought to have had; That is to say, sixty seven thousand eight hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence in Stock, and three thousand three hundred ninety one Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence iefs in additional Annuity for that Stock, which Annuity was to commence and take Effect, in Point of Payment, from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and twenty as aforesaid Now for rectifying the said Mistakes, and to the End the said Company may have and enjoy so much as is their Right; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and may rectify the Mistakes or Errors committed as aforesaid, by any new instrument or Instruments under their Hands and Seals, thereby declaring, settling and determining, that the principal Sums, amounting to the said Sum of sixty seven thousand eight hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence, are and shall be added to the present Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; and that the yearly Sum of three thousand three hundred ninety one Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence, being computed at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum on the said principal Sum of sixty seven thousand eight hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence, is and shall be added in respect of such their additional Stock, to the present Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Company, and shall commence and take Eftest from the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and continue and be payable for such Time and Times, and in such Manner and Form, and out of such particular Duties, Rates, Revenues and other Provisions as in and by the Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign were prescribed or intended, in case such Mistakes had not been made, and subject to such Reduction, Powers of Redemption, Conditions, Restrictions and other Matters and Things as in and by the same Act, or any other Act now in Force, were provided or intended touching or concerning the same; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, by such their instrument or Instruments in Writing, shall and may declare, settle and determine, that every Member of the said Company in Proportion to his, her or their respective Shares in the Capita] Stock thereof, increased by such Addition, hath and shall have Credit in the Books of the said Company, for his, her or their Proportion or Share, of and in the whole Capital Stock so increased, according to the true Meaning of the Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf.

III. And whereas by an instrument in Writing, bearing Date the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, under the Hands and Seals of the then Commissioners of his Majesty's

4-o7

or enurttr eiting Names of Proprietors, &c.

or falsely perforating real Proprietors of Sh trc.', fvc. Felony.

7 Geo. 2. c. 22. And see 31 Cn. 2. C 22. b whub this cfjujc II tiilcnd.d.

3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

Treasury to rectify Mistakes in Sooth Sea Books,

Treasury, by in strument in Writing, to determine Shares Sec,

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Treasury by Memoranda cn dorsed, C may canfe 4001. Part of the Capital of 8, 551, 618l. 15s. and 201. per Annum, Part of 427, 5801. 18 s. C d. per Ann. to be abated from 25 March 1720. Money received, to be repaid into the Exchequer.

Treasury to examine Duplicates, cof the present or late Managers,

and reflify mif tak.ec.

See the References to the foregoing Chapter

C jesty's Treasury, amon^ft other Matters and Things therein contained, several Sums, amounting to eight millions five hundred fifty-one thousand six hundred and eighteen Pounds fifteen Shillings, were declared to be added to the Capital Stock of the said Company, and in respect of such Stock, several yearly Sums, making together four hundred twenty seven thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, were thereby declared to be added to the Annuity or yearly Fund of the said Company, to commence and take Effect from the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary then laid past, according to a Duplicate of a Book 1 of Subscriptions made on the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, ' signed and attested by three of the late Managers for taking in such Subscriptions, as in the said Instru strument is more fully and at large set forth: And whereas it is evident, that the said principal Sum of eight millions five hundred fifty-one thousand six hundred eighteen Pounds and fifteen Shillings was a ' mistaken principal Sum, for that the said late Managers and Directors, or those employed under them, ' did in one of their Duplicates, containing Part of the said eight millions five hundred fifty-one thousand six hundred eighteen Pounds and fifteen Shillings, and the Annuity to be paid to the said Company thereupon (Page eighty) insert a subscribed Annuity of Sir Harcourt Master, as if the same had been fortyfive Pounds per Annum, and a Credit was taken therein of nine hundred Pounds Stock for the same, although in Truth the Annuity which he actually subscribed, was no more than twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and the company's Stock for the same should have been no more than five hundred Pounds, and the Addition which ought to have been made to the said company's Annuity or yearly Fund in respect thereof, ought to have been twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and no more: 'Now for rectifying the Mistake last mentioned, which tends to the Wrong and Prejudice of the Public, and to the End the Public may have Right done in respect thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and may, by any proper Memorandum or Memoranda, to be endorsed or made upon the said Instrument, dated the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and upon the Subscription books, wherein the Errors or Mistakes last mentioned are inserted or comprehended, cause the Sum of four hundred Pounds, Part of the said capital Sum of eight millions five hundred fifty-one thousand six hundred eighteen Pounds and fifteen Shillings, and twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the said Sum of four hundred twenty seven thousand five hundred eighty Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence per Annum, to be abated and sunk from the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and if any Payment of the said Sum of twenty Pounds per Annum has been received by the said Company at the Exchequer, it is hereby enacted, That the Money so received shall be repaid into his Majesty's Exchequer, or be stopped and refunded out of the next Payment to be there made to the said Company.

IV. And whereas it doth or may hereafter appear, that several other Mistakes and Errors have been or may have been committed in the Duplicates of the Subscription books, transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by the late of present Managers for taking such Subscriptions, or in the Instruments of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury founded there upon, in some Cases to the Wrong and Prejudice of the said Company, and in other Cases to the Pre 1 judice of the Public Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to inspect and examine any the Duplicates which were transmitted by the present or late Managers for taking any Subscriptions for increasing the Capital Stock of the said Company, and if they or he shall find any Errors or Mistakes therein to the Prejudice of the said Company or of the Public, to rectify the same, by making Additions to the Stock and Annuity of the said Company, or by making Subftradtions from the same, as the Case may require, in such or the like Manner as by this Act is prescribed for rectifying the several Errors and Mistakes above in this at particularly mentioned and expressed.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for prolonging the Times for hearing and determining Claims before the Trustees, in whom the Estates of the late Scutb sea Directors, and of John Aijlabie, Esquire, and likewise of James Crcggs, Esquire, deceased, are veiled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7 Geo. t.scat.l. C 2s.

Farther Proviso ns relating to, he Matters in this Act,

9 Geo. 1. c. 6. 13 Geo. 2. c. 22.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti

W tuled, An Act for raifuig Money upon the e/fatcs of the late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Cashier, Deputy cashier, and Accountant of the south-sea Company, and of John Aiflabie, esqu.rc, and likewise of James Crags fen. Esquire, deceased, towards making good the great Loss and Damage sustained by the said Company; and for disabling such of the said Persons as are living to hold any Office or Place of Trujl tinder the Crown, or to sit or vote in Parliament for the future, and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed; It is enacted (amongst other Things) That all and every the Real Estate and Estates whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, and all Rights of Action, Uses, Trusts, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, and all and every the Share and Shares in the Capital Stock or Stocks of any Corporation, Company or Society, and all Money due upon any Account or Accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other Debts and Securities for Debts, and all ready Moneys, Goods, Merchandizes, Per soil al Estate and Effects whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, which Sir John Fellows, Ba

rone.

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 23.

t rqnet, late Sub governor, Charles "Joy, Esquire, bite Deputy governor, and III Hi am Ashll, Esquire, t Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, Sir John liltin'. Baronet, Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir William t Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert Chester, Esquire, Stephen Child, Esquire, Peter liclaport, Esquire,

eyes, Esquire, James edmonjon, Esquire, Edward Gibbon, Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir ( William Hammond, Knight, Francis Hawes, Esquire, Richard Horsey, Esquire, Richard Honlditch, Esquire, Sir Theodore janjjen, Knight and Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir'

John Lambert, Baronet, Sir Harcourt A'lajler, Knight, William Morley, Esquire, Amurofe Page, Esquire,

Colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read junior, Esquire, Thomas Reynolds, Esquire, Jacob Sawbridge,

Esquire, William Till lard, Esquire, and John Turner, Esquire, late Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of

America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the south-sea Company, in the said Act ' named, and also Robert Knight late Treasurer or Cashier, Robert Snrmau late Deputy cashier, John Grigsby late Accountant to the said Corporation, and John Aijlabic, Esquire, every or any of them, or any in Trull for them, every or any of them, upon the first Day of June Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty, or at any Time or Times afterwards, or which James Crags the elder,

Esquire, deceased, or, any Person or Persons in Trull for him at the Time of his Death, was or were seized or possessed of, or interclled in, or entitled unto, in Law or Equity in their or any of their own

Rights, or to his or their own Use or Uses, or in Partnership with any others (except as in tile said Act is afterwards excepted) were, by Force and Virtue of the said Act, veiled and settled in Sir John eyes, Baronet, Sir Thomas Cross, Baronet, John Radge, Matthew Lant, Rodger Hudson, Esquires, now Sir Roger Hudson, Knight, Edmund Halsey, John Lade, Gabriel Roberts and Richard Hopkins, Esquires,

thereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed of and concerning the same, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of the same Trustees, from the respective Times in the said Act named, to the Intent the same might be sold and disposed of, or otherwise applied to anj for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed concerning the same, and that the clear Moneys arising thereby should be appropriated to and for the Use of the south-sea Company, in such Manner as is therein mentioned; and it is thereby enacted, that the Entries of such Claims, as by the said Act are directed, by or for any Persons or Corporations in Great Britain, should or might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and'

twenty-one, and by and for any Person or Persons redding or being beyond the Seas, or out of Great Britain; should or might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two: And whereas in and by the said Act it is further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, should and might inquire and inform themselves, by or upon the Testimony

Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Examination of the Persons making such Claims upon Oath (all

which Oaths they, or any one or more of them, had thereby Power to administer) or by the Inspec tion of any Mortgages, Bonds, Bills, Notes or other Securities, or any Accounts relating to the said Debts, or any of them so claimed, or by Inspection of any Grants, Gifts, Settlements, Conveyances,

Transfers or Assurances relating to the said Estates, Interests or incumbrances so claimed, or any of them, or by ail or any the said Ways and Means, or otherwise, according to their Discretions, as

loon as conveniently might be, touching all or any the Debts, Estates, Interests or Encumbrances so claimed, and Should make a Report or Reports in Writing of their Proceedings therein, with their Opi ' nions thereon, from time to time, to the Court of Directors of the said south-sea Company for the Time being; and if the said Court of Directors for the Time being Should be satisfied in the Justice of such Claim or Claims, or that any Debt or Sum of Money ought to be paid thereupon, or that the

Estate, Interest or Encumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof, ought to be allowed, and shall declare their Satisfaction therein, by any Resolution or Resolutions of that Court; and if the Party or Parties

by or for whom such Claim should be made, Should likewise in a Book or Books to be kept in the said Trustees public Office for that Purpose, declare in Writing under his, her or their Hands, his, her or their Acquiescence in such Resolution or Resolutions of tile said Court of Directors for the Time be

touching his, her or their Debt, Ellate, Interest or Encumbrance so claimed, at any Time or Times before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; then in all and every such Case and Cases, the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, Should give Warrant for the Payment and Discharge of every such Debt or Sum of Money so liquidated or adjusted, out of such Moneys as should come to the Hands of the Cashier of the said south-sea Company for the Time being,

for the Purposes in the said Act expressed; it was by the said Act further enacted, That the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, sitting at the same Time and Place, and not otherwise,

should, and they were thereby authorised, from time to time, to hear and determine all Differences,

Disputes and Controversies, touching or concerning any Debts, Estates, Interests or Encumbrances which should be claimed within the respective Times therein before limited for making such Claims,

and could not or should not be liquidated or adjusted between the said Court of Directors for the Time being, and the respective Claimants within the Time before limited in that Behalf, and all Incidents

relating thereunto, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; by the said Act it is enacted -

the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, upon a Complaint to be made, by or C ' for any Claimant, of any such Debt, Ellate, Interest or Encumbrance, whose Claims should not be

liquidated or adjusted as aforesaid (so as such Complaint be made on or before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two) should proceed in such Manner as' by the said Act is directed; and the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, in all Cases 'where they Should find that any Debt or burn of Money ought to be paid to such Claimant upon such

409

Geo. 1. Stot. (. zs.

410 C 24. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

Claims, or that the Estate, Interest or Encumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof, ought to be allowed, should and might, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

hundred and twenty-three, transmit a Certificate or Certificates thereof to the said Trustees in the said Act nominated; and by the said Act it is provided and enacted, That the Powers given by the said Act to the said Justices and Barons for hearing and determining fudi Differences, Disputes and Con ' troverfies relating to such Claims as aforesaid, and issuing their Certificates concerning the same as aforesaid, should continue and be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and no longer: Now forasmuch as it is forefecn, that the Claims already brought in and entered, and which may be brought in and entered, in Pursuance of the said recited Act, cannot be heard and determined as aforesaid, and that the Powers thereto relating cannot be executed within the respective Times limited in that Behalf, and that further Time ought to be given for hearing and de termining such Claims in Manner as aforesaid, and also for better enabling the Trustees to execute the Trust in and by the said recited Act in them verted.; 'May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, &c.

"Time for Claimants Acquiesoence in the Resolution of Directors, &c. enlarged to 24 March 1722. For determining Claims not adjusted, enlarged to 24 June >723. For Karons to transmit Certificates, till "29 September 1723. Trustees may compound with Partners or Joint dealers of the late Directors. mo- nies payable upon Agreement, &c. to be paid to the Cashier of the south-sea Company. Estates of the late Directors upon which Claims shall be made, &c. may be sold. Moneys arising by Sale to be paid to Cejlui qus Trujl, &c. Or in case of Infancy, &c. of Cejlui que Tiujl^ then to such Persons as4 the"ciiancery shall direct. Grants, &c. by Trustees effectual in Law. Trustees may take Bonds, &c. 44 of the Company in Payment at Par, and Stock from Purchaser, &c. at such Price as shall be agreed 44, iipon between them, &c. Allowance of Interest to the late Directors, &c. for their Subsistence. No 44 Special Bail required in Actions on Contrasts, &c. made since 1 December 1719, and before 1 December 44 1720, for Sale of Stock, &c. till 1 March 1722."

EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy.

11 £? 1'Whereas the Number of Persons committing Piracies, Felonies and Robberies upon the

" 7 12 ' 3' Seas, is of late very much increased; and notwithstanding the Laws already made and now in

1 Geo. 1. St. 2. ' Being, many idle and profligate Persons have turned Pirates, and betaken themselves to that wicked C 25. 4 Course of Life, whereby the Trade and Navigation into remote Parts will greatly suffer, unless some

4 CC j. C u further Provision be speedily made for bringing such Persons, and all others, who shall be any ways aiding and assisting, or in Confederacy with them, to condign Punishment; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual After March 25, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 1722. Comman That if any Commander or Master of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons, shall from and ders of Ships or after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred wirhrpirates'"ur ant twenty two any wise trade with any Pirate, by Truck, Barter, Exchange, or in any other Manner, nithing them or Ihart furnish any Pirate, Felon or Robber upon the Seas, with any Ammunition, Provision or Stores with Stores, cor of any Kind, or shall sit out any Ship or Vessel knowingly, and with a Design to trade with, or supply responding with or correspond with any Pirate, Felon or Robber upon the Seas, or if any Person or Persons shall any ways them, C consult, combine, confederate or correspond with any Pirate, Felon or Robber on the Seas, knowing * shall be adjudged £fim to be guilty of any such Piracy, Felony or Robbery, such Offender and Offenders, and every of guilty of Piracy, them, shall in each and every of the said Cases be deemed, adjudged and taken to be guilty of Piracy, fre ast/'s'81° f'c'ony ar, d Robbery, and he and they shall and may be inquired of, tried, heard and adjudged of and c'\*and for all or any the Matters aforesaid, according to the Statute made in the twenty-eighth Year of King i: W. 3. C 7. Henry the Eighth for Pirates, and the Statute made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of See 18 Geo. 2. his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more cffesiual suppresstnz of Piracy, C 3°' which by an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty is made perpetual, and he and they being

ing to" any vessel convicted of all or any the Matters aforesaid, shall suffer such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods forcibly beaming and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons and Robbers upon the Seas ought to suffer; and in case any Person or any Merrham Persons belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, upon meeting any Merchant ship or Vessel on the Ship, and ihiow High Seas, or in any Port, Haven or Creek whatsoever, shall forcibly board or enter into such Ship or veiboaidg<nvn ^effel, and though they do not seize and carry off such Ship or Vessel, shall throw over board, or destroy ivpuntihed as any Part Goods or Merchandizes belonging to such Ship or Vessel, the Person or Persons who shall

Pirates. be guilty thereof, shall in all Respects be deemed and.punished as Pirates as aforesaid.

Ships fitted out

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel which shall be to trade with Pi fitted out with a Design to trade with, or supply or correspond with any Pirate, and all and every Goods rates, and the and Merchandizes put on board the same for any Intent or Purpose to trade with any Pirate, Felon or Half sto0'theted' r°bber on Seas, shall be ipso faiio forfeited; one Moiety thereof to the Use of the King's Majesty, Crown Half to Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall first make Discovery, and the Discoverers. give Information of such Intent or Design; and such Person or Persons who shall first make such Disco to be sued fer in very, shall and may foe for and recover the said Ship or Vessel; and all and every the Goods and mer the Admiralty, chandizes on board the same, in the High Court of Admiralty.

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. C 24. 411

III. And whereas there are Tome Defeats in the Laws for bringing Persons, who are Accessaries to Piracy and Robbery upon the Seas, to condign Punishment, if the Principal who committed such Pi 4 racy and Robbery, is not or cannot be apprehended and brought to Justice Be it therefore enacted by f>crf; ns <i«larcj the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who by the said Statute made to

in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, are declared to be Accessary or Accessaries to any Piracy or Robbery therein mentioned, are hereby declared, and shall he deemed shall bcdcemvd and taken to be principal Pirates, Felons and Robbers, and shall and may, from and after the said twen Principals, and ty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, be inquired of, heard, determined aflcrma'ch5> and adjudged, in the same Manner as Persons guilty of Piracy and Robbery may and ought to be in jit1, a! quired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged by the said Statute made in the eleventh and twelfth ut '

Years of his late Majesty King William, and being thereupon attainted and convicted, shall suffer such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods and Chattels, and in like Manner as Pirates and Robbers ought by the said Act to suffer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Offender or Offender convicted of any Piracy, Felony or Robbery by Virtue of this Act, shall not be admitted to have the Be nefit of Clergy, but be utterly excluded of and from the same.

V. And to the End that a further Encouragement may be given to all Seamen and Mariners to light scamefnuimed and defend their Ships from Pirates, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman in Fight against or Mariner on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any other Ship or Vessel, shall be maimed in Sight Pirates, shall rc against any Pirate, every such Seaman and Mariner, upon due Proof of his being maimed in Inch Sight, ccivethere inall not only have and receive the Rewards already appointed by a Statute made in the twenty second wag^n, ls & and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the deli Admitted' wring up of Merchant ships, and for the Increase of good and serviceabk Seamen, but shall also be admitted jmo Greenwich into and provided for in Greenwich Hospital, preferable to any other Seaman or Mariner who is disabled Hospital. from Service or getting a Livelihood merely by his Age.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Commander, Matter, or Maters or sea other Officer, or any Seaman or Mariner of any Merchant ship or Vessel which carries Guns and Arms, ^fominves shall not when they are attacked by any Pirate, or by any Ship or Vessel on which any such Pirate is on agn|l Pirales> hoard, sight and endeavour to defend themselves, and their said Ship or Vessel from being taken by the cr who shall utter said Pirate, or shall utter any Words to discourage the other Mariners from defending the Ship, and by any discouraging Reason thereof the said Shio or Vessel shall fall into the Hands of such Pirate then and in eveiv such Words aj11> lf

Offenders convicted on this Act, excluded the Benefit ofclergy.

the Ship be taken, forfeit their

Reason thereof the said Ship or Vessel shall fall into the Hands of such Pirate; then and in every such Case every such Commander or Matter, or other Officer, and every Seaman or Mariner, who shall not^sight and endeavour to defend and save the said Ship or Vessel, or who shall utter any such Words as afore w"grauto the" said, shall lolc and forfeit all and every Part of the Wages due to him and them respectively, to the owners, and fuf. Owner and Owners of the said Ship or Vessel, and shall not be permitted to sue for or recover the same, ferfut Months or any Part thereof, in any Court either of Law or Equity, and as a farther Punishment shall suffer six Imprisonment. Months Imprisonment.

VII. And for Prevention of seamen or Mariners deferring Merchant ships or Vessels abroad in the Plan Masters shall not tations, or in any other Parts beyond the Seas, which is the chief Occasion of their turning Pirates, and s" " 4 of great Detriment to Trade and Navigation, and is chiefly occasioned by the Owner or Owners of Ships Wages, or Vessels, paying Wages to the Seamen or Mariners when abroad Be it enacted by the Authority while beyondbea' aforesaid, That no Master or Owner of any Merchant ship or Vessel shall pay or advance, or cause to be on Forfeiture of paid or advanced to any Seaman or Mariner, during the Time he shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, any double the Sum Money or Effects upon Account of Wages, exceeding one Moiety of the Wages which shall be due at the Time of such Payment, until such Ship or Vessel shall return to Great Britain or Ireland, or the Plan admirasty by the tations, or to some other of his Majesty's Dominions where to they belong, and from whence they were i, former.' first fitted out; and if any such Master or Owner of such Merchant ship or Vessel shall pay or advance, or cause to be paid or advanced, any Wages to any Seaman or Mariner above the said Concerning Sea moiety, such Master or Owner shall forfeit and pay double the Money he shall so pay or nd z Sr. z. vance, to be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, by any Person who shall first discover and inform f.9g j4. of the same. 2 Geo. 2. c. 7

36. 6 Geo 2.

r. 25. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 3, Gf 17. 14 Geo. 2. c. 38. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. xs Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38.

22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47* 31 Geo. z, C 10.

VIII. And whereas great Interruptions and Inconveniences may attend his Majesty's Service by the Captains or Commanders, or other Officers of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, their receiving on board such Ships or Vessels Goods and Merchandizes, and trading therewith contrary to Instructions, which strictly forbid their doing the same To prevent therefore the said Interruptions and Inconveniences for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Captain, Commander, or other Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, whether such Ship or Vessel shall be employed at Home or Abroad, shall from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, receive on board, or permit to be received on board, such Ship or vessel of War, any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, in order to trade or merchandise with the same either upon his own or any other Persons Account, except Gold, Silver or Jewels, and except the Goods or Merchandizes belonging to any Merchant ship or Vessel which may be shipwrecked,

to be inflicted by a court-martial on any Captain or other Officer, is repealed by 2 G g g 2 or

Commander of a Man of War, who after Sept. 29, x722. shall receive anygood9on Board, except Gold, Silver, &: C shall forfeit his Command, be in capaciated, and lose his Wages.

So much of this Clause, as directs th Punishment 1 Geo. 2. c. 33.'

412 C. 25. Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

or in imminent Danger of being shipwrecked either on the High Seas, or in any Port, Creek or Harbour, within his Majesty's Dominions at Home or Abroad, or elsewhere, in order to the preserving them for their proper Owners; and except such Goods or Merchandizes as they shall at any Time be ordered to take or receive on board by Order of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing that Office for the Time being, or any three or more of them; every such Captain, Commander or Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War so offending, shall upon his being convicted thereof by a court-martial, lose and forfeit the Command and Office he then shall have in the said Ship or Vessel of War, and shall be, and he is hereby for ever afterwards rendered uncapable to serve any longer in the same, or in any other Place or Office in the Naval Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors; such Captain, Commander, or other Officer offending as aforesaid, shall as a further punishment for his said Offence, lose and forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all the Wages due to him for his Service in the Ship or Vessel of War whereunto he shall belong, when or at any Time after such Offence shall be committed.

Such Commander and the prop

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Captain, Commander, or other Officer of the said Ship or Vessel of War, and all and every the Owners and Proprietors of such Goods or merchandizes^put on prietors of the board such Ship or Vessel of War as aforesaid, shall lose, forfeit and pay the Value of all and every such 11°u1 eva aef" Goods and Merchandizes so put on board as aforesaid; Moiety of such full Value to such Person or thereof to the Persons as shall make the first Discovery, and give Information of or concerning the said Offence, the Discoverer, and other Moiety of such full Value to and for the Use of Greenwich Hospital; all which Forfeitures shall and Greenwich Ho may be sued for and recovered in the High Court of Admiralty.

spital.

To be recovered in the Admiralty.

[To extend to Asia, &c. To be taken as a publick Act, and to be in Force for seven years, &c.]

X. And be it also enacted, that this Act shall extend to all his Majesty's Dominions in Asia, Africa and America, and shall be taken as a Public Act, and shall continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Made perpetual by 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. sect. 7.]

CAP. XXV

An act for supplying some Defects in the Statute of the twenty-third of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for Obligations to be taken by two Chief Justices, the Mayor of the Staple, and the Recorder of London, and for setting down the Time of signing Judgments in the Principality of Wales, and Counties Palatine.

[23 Hen 8. c. 6.]

In what Manner the Rolls appointed by 23 H. 3. C 6.

to be made of Recognizances in the Nature of a Statute staple, after Marcha, 172, 2. shall be varied.

WHEREAS Recognizances in the Nature of a Statute staple, which are by the Statute of the twenty-third of King Henry the Eighth, appointed to be taken by the two Chief Justices, ' the Mayor of the Staple, and the Recorder of London, are common and beneficial Securities; but in re guard the same are liable to Damage and Loss that may happen by Fire, and otherwise, and by Reason of Difficulties arising by Defebls in the said Statute, great Inconveniences do accrue to his Majesty's ' Subjects For Remedy thereof, and for making the said Security more effectual, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, the Rolls appointed by the said recited Statute to be made of such Recognizances, shall be varied and made in Manner following; (that is to say) The Clerk of the said Recognizances for the Time being, or his Deputy, shall yearly from thenceforth prepare and keep three Parchment rolls as usual, and shall at the Times of acknowledging of every such Recognisance, fairly write or ingross, instead of the Heads or Contents thereof, on the said Rolls, the full Tenor, in hac verba, of every such Recognisance; and that one of the said Rolls hall contain all the Recognizances to be taken before the Chief justice of the King's Bench for the Time being; and one other of them shall contain all the Recognizances to be taken before the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the Time being; and the other of them shall contain all the Recognizances before the Mayor of the Staple at Westminster and Recorder of London for the Time being; and that at the Time of every such Acknowledgment the respective Persons, before whom such Recognizances shall be taken, and also the Party and Parties acknowledging the same, shall also sign their respective Names to the Roll or Enrollment of every Recognisance so taken under the Inrolment thereof, as well as sign and seal the same Recognisance; and that all the said three Rolls so signed shall at the End of every Year be fixed together, and be thereby made Ckrk of the Re one Roll, as accustomed, and be and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Recognizances, or his cognizances to Deputy, in his Public Office in London or Middlesex, who dial) keep a Docket to refer to the said Roll or Rolls, for the Benefit of Searches by Purchasers and others (as used to be) to which Docket also shall be added the Day, Month and Year of every such Acknowledgment.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Loss or Damage shall happen to any such Recognisance, the same shall and may, from any of the said Rolls, so to be kept in the Custody of the said Clerk, or his Deputy, in order to have Proeefs thereon, be by him or them, by Certificate

keep a Docquet for Searches.

Any Loss happening to such Recognisance, shill be certified by the Clerk, 01 his Dsputy into Chancery

23 H, 8 C 6, A Traaiscript of the Entry to be annexed to such Certificate 5

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii R

V cq'is.

C 25. 413

under his or their Seal, certified into Chancer in like Manner as Recognizances by the said recited AI are directed, and as if the said Recognisance had not been lost or damaged; and that to such Certificate, and all other Certificates of such Recognizances, shall be annexed a true Transcript of the Entry of such Recognisance to be taken from the said Roll or Rolls in his or their Custody; and further, that in case of any such Loss or Damage, a like Certificate, with such Transcript annexed as aforesaid, shall be made, and be left and remain with the Clerk of the Petty bag office in Chancery, and shall be as good and effectual as if the said Recognisance under Seal had been left in the same Office, as hath been used upon the i (Thing out of Process in the same Office; and that in order to prove such Statutes and Recognizances, in case of any Loss or Damage, a true Copy or Copies from the said Roll or Rolls, in the Custody of the said Clerk, or his Deputy, made and signed by the said Clerk or his Deputy, and duly proved, shall be deemed good Evidence of such Recognizances, and be of the same Validity, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said original Recognizances were produced under Seal.

III. And whereas by the said Statute of the twenty-third of King Henry the Eighth, there was due to his Majesty a See of one halfpenny in the Pound (according to the Value or Sum entered into and contained in every such Recognisance) to be paid on sealing the first Process on evey such Recognisance,

as in the said Act is appointed, which is very heavy on every Prosecutor on every such Recognisance

by Reason such Sum so entered into, is sometimes only intended as a Penalty for the Payment of a Idler Sum, or for securing Damages for the nonperformance of Covenants, or otherwise; whereas the Sees and Charges taken or demanded by Sheriffs in getting an Extent or Execution, and Liberate and Possession or Seisin, executed on every such Recognisance, are very expensive, in regard the same are not settled For Remedy in all and every the said Cases, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prosecutor of every such Recognisance shall, at the Time of suing out the first Process, ora Writ of Extent thereon, deliver in to the Officer (who shall make out such Process or Extent) a Note in Writing under his Hand, testifying the Sum or Value of the Damages thereby intended to be extended or levied thereon, which Sum or Value the said Officer shall insert in the said Writ to be only extended or levied thereon, and no more; and that the said Poundage of one halfpenny payable on all Process as aforesaid, shall be taken and paid only for every Pound, according to the said Sum or Value so inserted, and intended to be extended or levied as aforesaid, and not otherwise.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall, at any Time or Times, before or after the Filing or Returning of any Liberate or Liberates sued out on any such Extent or Extents, be made appear to the Court of Chancery, that sufficient has not been extended and levied, or furficiently extended and levied, to satisfy such Recognisance, or that any Omission, Error or Mistake has happened in making, suing out, executing or returning any of the said Writs, or any Process thereupon; or should it happen that any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall hereafter be cvidled from any Person or Persons, who shall have extended the same by Virtue of any such Writ or Process as aforesaid; then and in every such Case the said Court of Chancery shall and may award one or more re extent or re extents for the satisfying the same as aforesaid, and that Writs of Liberate or Liberates may be sued out thereupon; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise not vrithftar.ding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff of any County shall take for the Extent and Liberate, and Habere facias Possessionem or Scifinam, on the Rea! Estate, and levy on the Personal Estate, by Virtue of such Extent, any more than the same Fees as are appointed by an act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs, and for ascertaining their Sees, and the Fees for suing out tkeir Patents and puffing their Accounts, for executing a Writ of E legit and Habere facias Possessionem or Scifinam, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and to be in like Manner recovered against every Sheriff or Person therein offending, as the same are mentioned and appointed in and by the same Act.

VI. And whereas the Provision which by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, was made for setting down the Day of the Month and Year of signing Judgments in his Majesty's Courts of Westminster', hath proved very beneficial to Purchasers, but hath not yet been extended to the Courts of" the Principality of Wales, or of the Counties Palatine Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, any judge or Officer of any of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or Courts of Session in the Counties Palatine otchefer, Lancaster and Durham, that shall sign any Judgments, shall at the signing the same, without Fee for doing the same, set down the Day of the Month and Year of his so doing, upon the Paper Book, Docket or Record which he shall sign, which Day of the Month and Year shall be also entered upon the Margin of the Roll of the Record where the said Judgement shall be entered, and that such judgments, as against Purchasers bona fide for valuable Conficierarion of Lands, Tenements or Plereditamets to be charged thereby, shall in Consideration of Law be Judgments only from such Times as they shall he so signed, and shall not relate to the first Day of the Session whereof they are entered, or the Day of the Return of the Original or Filing the Bail; any Law, Usage or Course of any Court to the contrary notwithstanding.

and in case of I a) 1*5, j Copy from thr Roll, signed, Arc.

Ou II be good Evidence of Such Sca'utc.

23 H. S. C 6. The Prosecutor shall deliver int; o the Office a Note testifying the Sum intended to be extended.

One halfpenny per Pound only, to be taken as Poundage.

In what Cases the Chancery may award re extents.

No Sheriff hall take more Fees than are appointed by the Act 3 Geo. 1. c. 15* fest. 16.

29 Car. 2. c. 3. fest. 14.

How Judgement shall be signed in the Courts of the Grand Session in Wales, and in the Courts of Session in the Counties Palatine, and from what Time they shall relate. Farther concerning pj^alcs, Jee 6 Geo. 2. c. 14, and 20 Geo. 2. f. 42.

CAP. XXVI.

414 C 26, 27.

A.D. 1721. Anno octavo Georgii Regis.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for better supplying the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, with Water.

WHEREAS by Reason of the great Increase of buildings and Inhabitants in and about the City of Westminster, the Liberty thereof, and diverse other Places in the County of Middlesex,

there are greater Occasions for Water, for the Safety and necessary Uses of the said Inhabitants than are supplied by the waterworks now in Being, and for Want thereof, many great and dangerous Inconveniencies, do happen, which would be remedied, and great Advantages accrue, if new waterworks were erected in convenient Places for providing and supplying the said Inhabitants with good and whole some Water from the River Thames, by one or more Cut or Cuts to be made at any convenient Place or Places between the Grounds belonging to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Houses or Grounds,

commonly called the Neat Houses, in the County of Middlesex, into Canals and Ponds proper for receiving the same; and from thence to convey and raise such Water into convenient Reservatories, to be erected or made at any Place or Places, between the Places called Oliver's Mount and Hyde Park, for the Purposes of this act * may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted, fife.

"Commissioners appointed for supplying the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent with "Water from the Chelsea waterworks. Persons interrupting, pulling down, itfe. the waterworks "forfeit to the Commissioners treble Damages, e. The Crown may by Letters Patents incorporate the Commissioners, who may purchase Lands not exceeding io001, per Annum. The Crown "may likewise by Letters Patent empower them to make Bylaws, and inflidv Penalties for the Breach "thereof. The Commissioners may maintain and cleanse their water courses, make new Ponds, C "calling into the water courses, C any Filth, e. or doing other Annoyance thereto, shall "40 s. with double Damages and full cols of Suit. Commissioners, before they intermeddle with "any Lands, e. shall first agree with the Proprietors. They may lay Pipes in Highways, but shall "the same. They may lay Pipes through any Streets or common Grounds about Westminster, "making good the same, and carrying away the Rubbish. At the Request of the Inhabitants the Com "shall setup Pipes upright in the Likeness of Pumps, for conveying Water into Fire engines. "Locks to be fitted to such Pipes, and Churchwardens to keep the Keys. This Act shall not hinder the "New River Company, C from enjoying all lawful Rights, tiff. No Proprietors of waterworks "hinder, tsfe. the laying, ttfe. of the said Pipes, (sc. No Sharer shall transfer his Share till Water "be brought into the Reservatory intended to be made near oliver's Mount." P. R.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the better preventing Abuses committed in weighing and packing of Butter in the City of York.

Tor firmer Prc ' I. T? Orafmtich as Butter is one of the chief Commodities of the Product of several Parts of the County iun'r ' JL York, ard County of the same City, and great Quantities thereof are brought into the City of

Ed. C c. 21.4'York, from thence to be transported beyond the Seas, and otherwise disposed of: And whereas there hath,

21 jac. c.iz.*Time out of Mind, been within the said City a free Market for Butter, which for many Years last past 13 & 140, 2, ' hath been kept in Mieklcgate in the said City: And whereas the bringing of Butter to the said Market,

( zb. 32 Cor. ' where the same was searched and weighed, hath been found to be the most effectual Means of prevent

5*ing weighing ard packing of Butter, and did formerly gain a great Reputation, both at Home

w r. 7. C anj Abroad, to Butter brought to the said Market; but of late Years several Farmers of Dairies, Owners,

and other Traders in Butter, the better to conceal the false weighing and packing of their Butter, to be by them disposed of, have neglected to bring the same to the said Market to be searched and weighed, by Means whereof not only the Traders in the said Commodity at Home, but Foreigners also have been greatly deceived in the Weight, Goodness and Soundness thereof, and thereby the said Commodity yields not that Price, nor is sold in such Quantities, as otherwise it would be: For Remedy whereof, and for the better incouraging the said Butter Trade, and (in order thereunto) for the better preventing the ( Frauds and Abuses in the weighing and packing of Butter May it please your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Request of the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City) That it may be enacted, Cfe.

(e After March 25., 172:. Micklegate, or any other Place in York, (at the Election of themayor, Cfc.) hall every Day in the Week, except Sundays, be a Free Market for Butter. All Butter brought to York to be sold, exported, C shall be weighed, searched and sealed at the Market at one halfpenny a Firkin, "tifr, Dairy farmer, C selling or transporting Butter before it be brought to the Market to be "viewed, e. shall forfeit for every Firkin, 157. 3 s. 4 d. One Half to the Poor, where, ftfc. the other to the Informer, If any Firkin, cof Butter, shall be faulty in Quantity or Quality, the Owner hah "liable to the Forfeitures in i & Car. 2. C 26. Prosecution to be in four Months. The Mayor tc "appoint the Searcher, who shall be sworn at Easter Sessions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to Quarter "whose Determination shall be final. This Act shall not extend to any Vessel, containing £' only four Pounds or under, " P, R.

A.D. 1721.

C 28 — 31. 415

Anno octavo Georgii Regis.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for supplying the Records of the Commissary Court of Aberdeen, burnt or lost in the late Fire there.

WHEREAS an accidental dreadful Fire happened within the Town of Aberdeen, on or about*W the thirtieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, whereby the Office, commonly called the Commissar Clerks Office, was suddenly confirmed, and at the same Time the Registers and Records therein of all Testaments and Confirmations, all Acts of Curacy, Judicial Renunciations. Ratifications, Decreats, Dispositions, Bonds, Bills, and other Writs and Evidences, together with the Principal Writings themselves, then in the said Office as the Warrants of Extracts and Precepts, were entirely burnt and destroyed, whereby many Persons are and will be in great Danger of losing their Rights, by Reason the Extracts of such Writings and Precepts as are in their Hands, will not be sufficient, as the Law now lands, to defend them against Actions of Improbation For relieving the refore of such Persons, and for preventing any Inconveniency or Prejudice that may at any Time happen to them from such Actions of Improbation, Be it enacted, Uc.

"This Act is made more effectual by 9 Geo. t. C 25. Persons who before March 25, >723. shall be pof "felled of any Extract or Precept given out of the Commissary Court of Aberdeen since October 30, 1621. "and before October 30, 1721, may, before March 25, 1723. tender the same to the Clerk of the Jommif fariot, which shall be marked by the Commissar, who, together with his Clerk shall signa iminute, C 44 which shall be of the same Authority as the old Extracts before they were burnt. The Extracts delivered in lit all remain in the Office. Extracts produced in Process shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy the Production in any Action of Improbation, iac. The Lords of Session are to find the Production satisfied in any Action of Improbation, by the deposited Extract. The Lords of Session shall make up the Tenor of such Writings, as they think sufficient Evidence that such Writings were recorded. 44 The Clerk or his Deputy to give Notice to Persons interested in Writings so burnt." PR.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for preventing Delays in the Execution of the Trust reposed in the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter honfe, at the Charges of fhomas Sutton, Esquire, for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

WHEREAS the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded'm Charter honfe, within 4 V the County of Middlesex, at the humble Petition and only Costs and Charges of Thomas Sutton, Esquire, are a Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Governors of the Lands, Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter honfe within the County of Middlesex, at the humble Petition and only Costs and Charges of Thomas Sutton, Esquire: whereas the Number of the said Governors is sixteen, and consequently whilll the said Number is full, by Law there muff: be nine of the said sixteen present to make any corporate Assembly, or do any corporate Act:

And whereas by Reason of the great Quality and Stations of several of the Governors, and the Distance of their respective Habitations and Places of Abode, it is by Experience found difficult to get an Afffcm bly of nine, so often as the Affairs of the said Corporation do require; and inasmuch as by Law the Consent of five is sufficient to do a corporate Act, supposing nine be present:: 'it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, is'e.

The Acts and Deeds of any five of the Governors of Charter honfe, duly assembled there, hall he deemed the Acts and Deeds of the Corporation, as if done at a corporate Meeting by all the Governors." P. R.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at whitechapel Church in the County of Middle «oceo. sexto Sheffield, and to the furtherinofl Part of the Parish of jvoodford, leading to the Town of Epping in the County of ejj'ex. PR. V

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to veftthe Ground, Wharf nd Key, called jvcoll Key, in the Parish of All saints Barking n the City of London, with the Buildings and Warehouses thereupon, in Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs and succdtors forever, subject to an Agreement made on his Majesty's Behalf with the Wardens and Assistants of the Free school in Sevenoake in the County of Kent.

2. C 36.

WHEREAS illiam Sevenocks Citizen and Grocer of London, by his last Will and Testament, preaniye reci bearing Date the fourth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand four hundred and ting the last Will thirty-two, did give and bequeath all his Lands and Tenements, and the Buildings thereupon, with all of William southeast their Appurtenances, which he then lately had by Feoffment from Margery Walton, in Petty ipales street venocks. in the Parish A All saints Barking, near the Tower of London, to the Rector, Vicar, Churchwardens 3 4 and

Recital of the Letters? Patent of Queen Elizabeth.

Recital of the 39 Eliz.

N.B. This is a private Act.

Anno octavo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1721.

nml other Parishioners of the Town of Sevenocks in the County of Kent for ever, upon Trull out of the Rents and Profits thereof, to find and maintain' for ever one Mailer well (killed in Grammar, and a ' Bachelor ot Arts, who should keep a Grammar school in some convenient House within the Paid Town of Sevenocks, to be purchased with his Goods at the Discretion of his Executors; and likewise out of the said Rents and Profits forever, to give and pay to twenty poor Men and Women of the said Parish quarterly, ten Shillings apiece, who should live within the said Town in Houses to be purchased for them by his Executors, and for other charitable Purposes in the said Will mentioned: And whereas her late Majesty Elizabeth Queen of England, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England,

bearing Date the first Day of July in the feeond Year of her Reign, did grant, That there Should be for ever in the Town of Sevenocks aforesaid, a free Grammar school, called the Grammar school of Queen Elizabeth, for the Education, Institution and inllruhion of Children and Youth in Grammar and other Learning; and that in the Parish of Sevenocks there Should be an Incorporation, to conlilt of two Wardens of the said Parish of Sevenocks, and of the Free school, and of four Assistants, Inhabitants of of the said Town and Parish, by the Name of the Wardens and four Assistants of the Town and Pa 4 rill of Sevenocks, and of the Eree school of Queen Elizabeth in Sevenocks, and afterwards by an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty ninth Year of the said queen's Reign, intituled, An Act concerning the school of Sevenocks, therein reciting. That for many Years there had been in the said Town and Parish of Sevenocks one Hospital or alms house for Relief of the Poor, and one Free school for the teaching of Youth, which had been at first erected by the said William Sevenocks, Citizen and Grocer of London, who by his last Will and Testament endowed the same, as therein mentioned, and that such Endowment had been afterwards augmented by others; it was enabled. That for the better Establish merit of the said Incorporation, every Article and Clause in the said Letters Patents should for ever be and remain of Force and Validity in Law, according to the true Meaning and Purport thereof; and that the said Wardens and Assistants, and their Successors for ever, Should quietly have and enjoy, to the Use of the said School and poor People, the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents and Hereditaments, on them bellowed, with the Appurtenances, without any Let or Evidlion whatsoever, according to the charitable and true Meaning of the Founders and Benefactors: And whereas several Warehouses or other Buildings have been eretled upon Part of the Lands in the said Parish of All saints Barking near the Tower of London, which were devised by the said William Sevenocks for the charitable Purposes afore mentioned, and the Remainder thereof hath been converted into and used as a Wharf or Key for land ing Goods on, and the lame Warehouses, Wharf or Key, have been usually let, from Time to Time, by Leases from the Wardens and Assistants of the said Town and Parish of Sevenocks, and of the Free School of Queen Elizabeth in Sevenocks, all which are now expired: And whereas it would prove of great Advantage to the said Charity, if the said Wardens and Assistants were enabled to raise, by the Disposition of the said Warehouses, Wharf or Key, a competent Sum of Money to be employed in re building, repairing, furnishing and sitting up the said Free School, and Hospital or alms houses, all which are much out of Repair, and in enlarging the same, and for other charitable Uses appointed by the said Will; and likewise obtain a settled Revenue for the better Support and Maintenance of the said Charities in all Times to come; and it would be likewise for the Service of his Majesty and the Publick, if the said Warehouses, Wharf and Key, might he purchased for the Use of or in Trull for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as lying contiguous to his Majesty's present cullom house, whereby the same may be built or fitted up for Warehouses, Offices or other Convenieneies for Merchants, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and Officers employed in the managing or collecting the Revenue arising by the said Customs; whereupon his Majesty, out of his pious Inclination to promote so useful and beneficial a Charity, and to advance the public Good, hath graciously been pleased to signify his Royal Pleasure, That the said Wardens and Assistants should at present be paid two thousand five hundred Pounds, with Interest, 'as herein after mentioned, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and Should for the future receive the yearly Rent of five hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to them and their Successors, for the Maintenance of the charitable Uses intended by the said Founder and Bene 4 fa£lors, in all Times to come, in case the see simple and Inheritance of and in the said Warehouses, Wharf or Key, herein after more particularly described, be conveyed and allured unto, or to the Use of proper Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, subject to the Payment of the said annual Rent; whereunto the said Wardens and Assistants most readily assented, and are willing the see simple and Inheritance of the Premises should be conveyed accordingly, so as the said annual Rent be effectually secured to them and their Successors for ever, for the perpetual Support and Maintenance of the Charities aforementioned, but are not able to make such Conveyances or Affu ranees without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enabled, lie.

The Piece of Ground called Harts horn Key, &c. veiled in Tultees for the Use of the Crown. Charge able with the Payment of 2500l. with Interest, and the annual Rent of 550 1. for the Purposes in the al. Payable to the Wardens, cof Sevenocks. Interest of the said Sum to be computed after the Rate of 4l. 10s. per Annum. Payable out of the Customs. The said 2500l. and Interest to be paid to the said Wardens, Lie. before March 25, 1722, who are to expend the lame in rebuilding, fife, the School, Lie. Saving Clause to the Crown, CV PR,

A.D. 1722.

C 1 — 3. 437

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magna: Britannia, Francis) Sc Hibernia), nono.

£ AT the Parliament begun and Held at Westminster jr thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in the ninth Year o

the ninth Day of Octoberylt; no Domini one

____ _, uh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, IV being the first Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. r.

An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect

ring again! his Person and Government.

EXP.

ire conspi

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three. EXP. zs. in the Pound.

Cap. II r.

An act for continuing the Duties on Male, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three.

C XXXV AND whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her Recital of Part ±\. late Majesty Queen Anne, for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder of is Ann. ejc. ' and Perry, and for other Purposes therein contained, several Provisions were made for Allowance for Da ' t ' mages sustained by the Proprietors of Malt, sunk or cast away in any Veiled or Lighter, on Transpor tations from one Part of this Kingdom to another, or burnt or damaged by Eire; which Provisions have maged, C

proved sufficient to answer the Intentions of the said Act Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty Further Relief three, and after the Duties by the said recited Act imposed on Malt, and hereby continued, are paid by for Proprietors of the Maltster or Maker of Malt, if any Quantity of Malt hall unfortunately happen to be destroyed or da c lost maged by Fire, or hall perish or shall be damaged by the carting away of, or by any inevitable Accident beanl°trans or happening to any Barge or Vessel, in which the said Malt shall be transporting or transported from any tati on from one Part of this Kingdom to another, or put on board for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for partof the king the respective Proprietors of such Malt to make Proof thereof on Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, domto another, of the respective Malfters, Makers or Owners thereof, having paid the said Duty, either before the Ju &c' llices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division where such Malt was loaded or put on board, or made or kept at the Time of such Loss or Damage happening, or next adjoining to the Place where such Accident shall happen, at their Quarter sessions, or before the Commissioners of the Duty of Excise for the Time being or the major Part of them, who are hereby severally and respectively empowered, in Cases where Proof shall be made that such Malt was entirely lost or totally destroyed, and that the Duties thereof were paid, to grant a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of the Duty of such Malt so lost or destroyed; producing of which Certificate to the Officer appointed to collect the said Duty, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Malt, out of the Duties arising by Malt, so much Money as the Sum certified to have been paid for the Duty of the Malt so lost or destroyed shall amount unto; and in Cases where the Malt shall not be totally lost or destroyed, but damaged only, they the said Justices and Commissioners, in such Cases, are hereby respectively empower ed, upon Proof of such Damage and of Payment of the Duties, to determine and settle the Qjiantnm of such Damage, and to give a Certificate under their respective Hands and Seals of the Sum allowed for and in respect of such Damage; which Allowance, where the Malt is so damaged only, shall hear the same Proportion to the whole Duty of the Malt so damaged, as the said Damage shall appear to bear to the Value of the said Malt before it was so damaged; which Certificate being produced to the Officer appointed to collect the said Duty, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Malt so damaged, out of the Duties arising by Malt, so much Money as the Sum certified as aforesaid, hall amount unto.

XXXVI. Provided always, That the Person or Persons who shall have sustained such Loss or Damage

or their Agent or Agents, shall give or leave Notice thereof in Writing with the Collector of the cmjcctor KC Excise of the Division or Collection next adjoining to the Quarter sessions of the Justices of the Peace, to Dajsat least which such Person or Persons intend to apply for such Allowance or Certificate, or to the Solicitor of t fore quater and for the Excise, of such Loss and Damage, and Intentions to apply to such Justices or Commissioners, Sessions, s. C for an Allowance in respect thereof, six Days at least before the Beginning of such Quarter sessions nr^jn*°arre* Application to such Commissioners; and shall apply for such Relief in the Premises, within one Month iu, nthafter after Loss or Damage happening. loss.&c.

XXXVII. Provided also, That after any of the said Justices or Commissioners shall have once ex Loffts, caf

amined and ascertained such Loss or Damage, the same shall never after be examined into by any other of certaintd in Jtithe said Justices or Commissioners. n "', C be

examined by any

Vol. V Hlth "Moneys

Persons fu fouling Eols, &c. to leave Motice with Collector, C

4i 8 C 4, 5. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Cnaming Malt, "Moneys due on unsatisfied Certificates of Malt at 7 Geo. I. Stat. i. C 20. to be made good, C EXP —

Gf*. fe farther'

lzceo. if. 33 Cm. 1. 7. 2 Geo. 2. f. i. 8 Cm. 2, C z. 15 Cm, 2. C 1. 20 Cm. 2. r. 5. 27 Cm. 2. r. 2. 33 Cm. 2. C 3 and see annual Malt Acis,

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for redeeming certain Annuities, now payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

ils AY it nleafe your most Excellent Majesty; in and by an Act of Parliament, made

1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. 4 xvii and passed in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum

per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and to authorise a Treaty concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar houses in Scotland, a certain yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds was established to be a distinct and separate yearly Fund, for answering and paying certain An act' nuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which were then to be purchased upon the same Ad, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament; and the said yearly Fund was thereby directed to be issued at the Exchequer, to the first and chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for Payment of the said An 1 nuities, which were to be purchased upon that Ad; and it was thereby enacted, That the Moneys which should be contributed on the same Ad, for or towards the Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds therein mentioned, should be deemed to be a Capital or Joint Stock, on which such An act' nuities Should be attending; and the same Joint Stock, and the proportional Annuities attending the

5 same, were thereby made transferrable and devisable in the Manner thereby prescribed; and in the said Act is contained a Proviso, That, at any Time upon one year's Notice, and Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be advanced upon the said Act, unto the respective Contributors of the same, or to such Person or Persons as by,

from or under them, should then be entitled to the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Cen turn per Annum, in respect of the Money so advanced, according to such Interests as they respectively should then have in the same Annuities; and also upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, (if any such Should be then due) then, and not till then, the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

created by that Ad, Should cease and determine. And whereas the Contributions on the said Act did amount to the said full Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, and the Annuities, which became payable in respect of the same, did amount to the yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas since the making of the said Act, as much of the said Capital Stock as amounted to seven hundred six thousand one hundred seventy five Pounds and fifteen Shillings, and as many of the said Annuities attending the same, as amounted to thirty-five thousand three hundred and eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence per Annum, have been subscribed into the Capital Stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and as much of the said Capital Stock created by the Ad, in Part before recited, as amounts to two hundred three thousand eight hundred twenty-four Pounds and five Shillings, and as many of the said Annuities as amount to ten thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds four Shillings and threepence per Annum, in respect thereof, do still remain transferrable at the Bank, or deviseable as aforesaid, and are payable by thedaid Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being: And whereas in and by certain Clauses contained in ano there Act of Parliament, made and passed in the said first Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled, An

i Geo. j, fiat, 2. C y for enlarging the Capital Stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and for Japplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, to public Uses; and for raising one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities upon diverse Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty, for Encouragement of such Persons and Corporations as would advance, for the Service of the Public, any Sum ot Sums of Mo 4 ney, not exceeding the further Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, a certain yearly Sum ' of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds was established to be a distinct or separate Fund, for answering and paying Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which were there by to be purchased, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament; and the said yearly Fund or Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, was thereby directed to be issued at the Ex 4 chequer, to the first and chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for Payment of the said Annuities not exceeding eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum; and it was thereby enacted, That the Moneys which should be so contributed or advanced for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, should be a Capital or Joint Stock, on which the Annuities last mentioned should be attending; and the same Joint Stock, and the proportional Annuities attending the same,

1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. 4 were thereby made transferrable and devisable in the Manner thereby prescribed; and in the Ad last al mentioned there is contained a Proviso, That at any Time, upon one year's Notice anu Repayment by

Para.

D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 5. 419

Parliament, of the said Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be advanced on the Act last mentioned, unto the respective Contributors of the same, or to such Person or Persons as by, from or under them should be then entitled to the same Annuities, after the Rate

of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the Money so advanced, according to such Interests

they respectively should then have in the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment and Satisfac tion of all Arrears of the same Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, if any should be then due; then, and not till then, the said last mentioned Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum., should also cease and determine: And whereas the Contributions upon the Clauses in the Act last mentioned for such Annuities aforesaid, did amount to the said whole Sum ' of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds; and the Annuities which were payable in respect of the same, did amount to the said yearly Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, and since the making of the Act last in Part before recited, as much of the said Capital Stock last mentioned, as amounted to one hundred thirty seven thousand five hundred twenty six Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, and as many of the same Annuities attending the same Stock as amounted to six thousand eight hundred seventy six Pounds six Shillings and fourpence per Annum, have been subscribed into the Capital Stock

and Fund of the south-sea Company, and as much of the said Capital Stock of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds as amounted to thirty-one thousand four hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, and as many of the said Annuities attending the same as amounted to one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, still remain transferable at the Bank, and deviseable as aforesaid, and payable by the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being; 'Now we your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Confmons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being fully determined that the said Annuities or Sums, amounting to ten thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds four Shillings and threepence per Annum, and one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, severally payable after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, by the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, shall be redeemed at the End Annuities pay of one Year next after the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary in the Year of our Lord able by th, e Ca" one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, by paying to the said Cashier for the Time being, the said b^0&'ciew|, erl several Sums of two hundred and three thousand eight hundred twenty-four Pounds five Shillings, and redeemable, C thirty-one thousand four hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence; and such Arrears (if any) as shall then be due upon the said Annuities, amounting to ten thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds four Shillings and threepence per Annum, and one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, for the Use of such Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, as shall then be entitled to the same, according to such Interest as they respectively shall then have therein, do most humbly pray your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on or before the said Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary in the Year one Speaker of the thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the present, or then Speaker of the House of Commons, may House of com give or leave Notice in Writing at the Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, mon n°tlfv That the Honourable House of Commons will, at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed virgin^r ti a"he'm Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, redeem the said Annuities amounting to one thousand Time of re five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum. demption, CII

And it is hereby enacted, That such Notice so to be given or left, and the Notice which the said This and former Speaker of the said House of Commons did, on the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven Notices to be hundred and twenty-two, pursuant to an Order of the same House, give or leave at the said Office, for d and fuf" redeeming all such Annuities, purchased after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Act jgm'i.siat.i. first above recited, as had not been subscribed into the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, shall C, by Force and Virtue of this Act be and be deemed, adjudged and taken to be good and sufficient Notice, within the true Intent and Meaning of the said several Acts of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for redeeming as well the said Annuties, amounting to ten thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds four Shillings and threepence per Annum, as the said Annuities amounting to one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, at the said Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and the same shall be redeemable accordingly; anything in the said Acts of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the third Year of your majesty's 3 Geo. 1. 0.7. '.reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal and Inter ejl on the Orders made forth on four Lottery adis passed in the ninth and tenth Years of her late Majesty's' Reign -, and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the hereditary Excise, according to a ' former Act in that Behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of An act' unities at several Rates, to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; but also to raise Money for such Proprietors of the said Orders, as shall chase to be paid their Principal e and Arrears of Interest in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this 1 Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Linseed imported and British Linen exported, in and by which Act (amongst other Things therein contained) a certain yearly Sum, amounting to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one

9 Ann. C 6.

10 Ann. C 19 & 26,

3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

3 Geo. 2. c. 7.

3 Geo. X 1 C 7,

204.7861. 3 s.

4 d. 1 hree Farthings, out of the Sinking Fund for the Year 1722, C applied to Payment of Part of

3.204.7861. 3 s. 4 d. three Farthings, to the Bank of England, CC

5. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

thousand seven hundred and seventeen, by or out of such Duties, weekly Payments and other Provisions as are therein mentioned, was settled and established to be a general yearly Fund, for and towards the answering and paying such several and respective Annuities and Payments as were thereby charged or chargeable thereupon, in such Manner as is therein mentioned: And whereas (amongst other Payments which were provided for by the same Act) certain Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting in the whole to four hundred seventy LIX thousand seven hundred seventeen Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, were pursuant to that Add charged upon the said general yearly Fund, as well in Lieu and Discharge of several Lottery orders, made forth by several Adds of Parliament of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

(of blessed Memory) as also of certain Orders or annual Payments, which had been charged upon the hereditary Excise, which Annuities, amounting to four hundred seventy six thousand seven hundred seventeen Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, so charged on the said general yearly Fund by the said Add of the third Year of your majesty's Reign, were thereby made likewise payable by the Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being; and the Proprietors thereof, by Virtue of the same Act, were entitled in respect thereof to a capital Sum,

amounting in the whole to nine millions five hundred thirty-four thousand three hundred fifty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, which was also transferrable at the Bank of England, or deviseable as in the same Act was directed: And whereas fmee the making of the said Act £ of the third Year of your majesty's Reign, as much of the said Capital Stock of nine millions five hundred thirty-four thousand three hundred fifty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, as amounted to eight millions three hundred twenty nine thousand five hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, and as many of the said Annuities attending the same as amounted to four hundred and sixteen thousand four hundred seventy eight Pounds eleven Shillings and sixpence per Annum, have been subscribed into the Capital Stock and Fund of the south-sea Company, and as much of the said Capita] Stock of nine millions five hundred thirty-four thousand three hundred fifty ' seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, as amounts to one million two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, e and as many of the said Annuities attending the same as amount to sixty thousand two hundred thirty nine Pounds six Shillings and twopence per Annum, do dill remain transferrable at the Bank, and payable by the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being j 5 which Annuities, amounting to sixty thousand two hundred thirty-nine Pounds six Shillings and two Pence per Annum, are nevertheless subject to a Proviso contained in the said Act of the third Year of your majesty's Reign; whereby it is provided and enacted, That at any Time upon Notice to be given or left at the public Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England., at any of the quarterly Feast days therein mentioned, for Payment of the Paid Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament of their respective principal Sums, for which the said Annuities (hold be payable by the said Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being, and whereupon the said respective Annuities' were to be computed by that Act, to such respective Persons and Corporations as should be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the same Annuities ' (if any such (hold be then due); then, and not till then, the same Annuities should cease and deter mine: And whereas the Honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, did on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, pur' ' suant to an Order of the said House, grounded upon a certain Clause contained in the said Act of the'5 third Year of your majesty's Reign, give or leave Notice in Writing at the public Office of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for redeeming all such of the Annuities payable by the Act la ft mentioned, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as have not been subscribed into the Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being resolved to redeem the said Annuities, amounting to sixty thousand two hundred thirty-nine Pounds six Shillings and twopence per Annum, so remaining payable at the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by paying to the said Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the said principal or capital Sum of one million two hundred and (our thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings (for Payment whereof Provision is herein after made by this Act) to and for the Use of such Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, as at the Time of such Payment made to the said Caftiier, shall be entitled to the same, according to such Interests as they respectively shall then have therein, and by Payment of all Arrears of the same Annuities due at or before the last preceding half yearly Feast day, (it any such shall be due) and upon Payment of such Arrears as shall be computed by the Day upon the same Annuities, from the End of such preceding half yearly Feast day until the Time of such Payment of the Principal to the said Cashier as aforesaid, and being desirous thereby in some Measure to ease the preterit Burden of the public Debts and Encumbrances, do further humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of such Moneys as are or shall be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called, the Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise for the Year ended at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, or for any Time preceding the same Feast day (such Payments as have been directed to be made at or before the same Feast day, by Authority of Parliament, out of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, always excepted and fore, there shall be issued and paid the Sum of two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C. 5. 421

Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, in Part of the said principal Sum of one million two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, to the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, now or for the Time being, by way of Impressed and upon Account, to be by him applied and paid over, with such other hinnies to be raised as is hereafter mentioned, for discharging the said principal Sum of one million two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, and for redeeming the said Annuities payable after the said Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting in the whole to sixty thousand two hundred thirty-nine Pounds II Shillings and twopence per Annum as aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the Time being, do cause the said Sum of two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, to be issued and paid to the said cafhic r accordingly, without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had or obtainej in that Behalf; any former Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And to the End and Intent that sufficient Adonics may be raised to make up the said Principal Sum of one million two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, and to complete the Redemption of the said Annuities amounting to sixty thousand two hundred thirty-nine Pounds six Shillings and twopence per Annum; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they respectively are hereby authorised and im (powered t prepare and make, or cause to be prepared or made at the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer bills containing one common Sum or different Sums in the Principal Moneys, so as all the Principal Sums to be contained in such Bills to be made forth by this Act, do amount to one million of Pounds Sterling, and no more.

Treasury so iflns

out Exchequer Hills r.f't exerting i, occ, cco 1.

"Which Bills are to bear an Interest of a d. percent. per Diem, C and be numbered arithmetically,

"(fc. Bills prepared by Virtue of this Act to be placed as Cash in teller's Office, tsc. Bills amount "to one million in Principal to be ift ued out of the Exchequer to the Bank, cac. towards discharg (t ing the Principal of 1, 204, 786l. 35. 4d. s. Uncancelled Bills, C to pass as current Money in "Payment to and from Collectors, C Receiver, iac. refusing to exchange such Bills for current Mo "Ac. liable to Action, is'e. Tallies to be delivered for Payment or Loan of Bills, &c. Interest "

"such Bills, C Bills re ilfuable out of the Exchequer, sv. Receivers General, C to keep "Books of Account of Moneys received, OV. New Bills to be made forth in lieu of Bills filled up or de j "faced, fife. Treasury may cause Bills not exceeding 5000l. to be made forth, and placed as Cafii in the "Exchequer, tsc. Forging or counterfeiting Exchequer bills, fac. Felony."

EXP.

XX. And whereas the several Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Adonies, commonly called the said 3 Gc0 C " ' Fund (which in and by the said Act made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign were appropriated to and for discharging the Principal and Interest of such National Debts and Encumbrances,

as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen,

1 and were declared to be National Debts, and were provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as Should be directed or appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, to be discharged therewith or out of the same) have usually been computed at or about the Feast of sainx. Michael the Archangel in every Year and the last Computation of the clear Produce thereof, now lying before the Honourable House of Commons, did terminate at or about the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two: 'Now to the End, Intent and Purpose that all the Exchequer bills to be made forth by Virtue of this Act, not exceeding as aforesaid, may be paid off and discharged in such Course and Order as are hereafter in and by this Act appointed in that Behalf; and to the End the same Bills, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged, may the better obtain a Currency for such Time as they or any of them are hereby intended to be current, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall from henceforth cause the clear Produce of the said several Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Produce of Adonies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, to be computed and stated half yearly (to wit) at the Seal n^o"j! ta of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary and the Feast: of Saint Michael the Archangel in every yearly" " until all the Exchequer bills to be made forth by Virtue of this Act shall be fully paid off and discharged, or Adoney sufficient shall be reserved for completely paying off and discharging the same: The first of which Accounts so to be stated of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Adonies shall terminate at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and the subsequent Accounts thereof shall be mide up and adjusted at every of the said half yearly Feast days, or as soon after as the Accounts of the public Revenues, whereupon such stated Accounts are to be formed, can be collected for that Purpose.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys of the said Surplusses, how applied, Excesses and Overplus Adonies, called the Sinking Fund, which were produced at or before the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, which Aral! remain over and above the said Sum of two hundred and four thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds three Shillings and

Moneys arising from Sinking Fund, how appropriated, C

X Geo. i. Stat. 2* o, 24.

j Geo. 1. Stat. z. C 35.

v3 Geo. 1. c. 17.

C 5. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

and fourpence three Farthings, to be issued out of the same as aforesaid, (if any such be) and all the Moneys from time to time arising of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, called the Sinking Fund, which hereafter shall or ought to appear upon the making up and adjusting every half yearly Account or State of the Produce of the same as aforesaid, (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any other or former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and shall be payable or demandable before the End of every such half year respectively) shall, from time to time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt of Exchequer, be issued to such Paymaster as is herein after mentioned, by way of Impressed and upon Account, for and towards the paying off and discharging the said Exchequer bills, which shall have been made forth by Virtue of this Act, in their due Course and Order as they shall be numbered and Hand in the said Register, and for or towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the said Bills or any of them, and for or towards such other Payments as are in and by this Act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out of the same, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, until all the said Bills shall be paid off, discharged and cancelled, and the said other Payments shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for those Purposes.

Treasury to appoint Persons to discharge Principal, arising in Course of Payment, upon Exchequer "(Sc. Surplusses, fife, applied to the Discharge of Exchequer bills, &c. Bills to be registered in Course, &c. No undue Preference in Payment. Treasury to appoint Salaries, &c. Treasury may " contrail with Persons for circulating and exchanging Bills for Money, &c. Contrails to be registered, 44 (Sc. Contractors not liable to Bankruptcy, &c. for that Cause only. No Fee, &c. to be taken in the' 44 Exchequer for anything the re done in Pursuance of this Act, &c. Interest upon Bills not^d be paid to any Sum less than a Penny, &c. Treasury may pay out of Sinking Fund, the Charges of making "forth new Bills, &c. Moneys due upon Bills lost, burnt or destroyed, to be satisfied upon Oath, &c. 44 Bills paid off to be cancelled, &c."

EXP.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arisen or to arise into the Exchequer of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys thereof as are by this or any Act or Acts of this or any former Session or Sessions of Parliament, specially charged upon the said Sinking Fund, or to be paid out of the same, or out of any Revenues or Branches composing the said Sinking Fund) shall be appropriated, reserved and employed, to and for discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and Encumbrances as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven and sixteen, and are declared to be such national Debts as may be redeemed, and are provided for by Act of Parliament; in such Manner and Form as shall be directed and appointed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be discharged therewith, or out of the same, and to none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled,

4. An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine and Jiate the Debts due to the Army, several Persons i 4 therein named were constituted Commissioners for taking and stating the Accounts, Claims and De*tnands therein mentioned, which Act was to endure from the tenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the tenth Day of Septeihber one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and by another Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to appoint a Comrsiijfioner for taking, examining and sating the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith, Eft; deceased; and for continuing the former Ail until the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, several Persons therein named, were constituted Commissioners, with Power to proceed in the examining and stating the Accounts, and to do other Things therein mentioned, from the ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the tenth Day of March then next following: And by an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, )late and determine the Debts due to the Army, it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful for his Majesty to grant to any Persons (whom his Majesty should think fit, not exceeding the Number of seven) his Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, with full Power, at any Time before the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, to take, examine and slate the Debts then remaining due to the Army; and that it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners so to be constituted, or any four or more of them, to proceed to determine such Accounts, Claims and Demands, as had been taken and stated by the Commissioners appointed by the said former Acts, or any four or more of them, and also to take, slate and determine such of the said Accounts, Claims and Demands, as were not so taken and stated, and after such Determinations respectively, to certify the same to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, or to the then late Paymaster or Paymasters for such respective Times as they were employed or concerned in the Payment of her late majesty's Forces, and in which the said Debts, Claims or Demands became due and were contracted, and what should remain due upon such respective Accounts, Claims or Demands, and to whom the same was respectively due, in order to the said Paymasters making out Debentures to the Officers, Engineers, Gunners, and other Persons, to whom the Moneys so certified to be due should respectively belong, which said Debentures the said Paymaster or Paymasters respectively, were thereby directed and required to make out accordingly: And that the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, should order and appoint such a 4 Form and Method of making out the said Debentures, as might bell tend to prevent the counterfeiting

4 01

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 5. 423

of the same: And whereas on the eighth Day of February one thou find seven hundred and seven tern,

James then Lord Viscount Stanhope, (afterwards Earl Stanhope,) Thomas Lord Torriiigton, John I Fa Hop, l' Esquire, (now Lord Lhnington) and George Baillie, Esquire, then Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea fury, did by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands, pursuant to the Power to them given by the said Add of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, approve a Form and Method of making out Dcben 3 Geo. 1. c. 17. 4 tures in the Manner thereby described, and did order and appoint the said Method and Form according 4 ly: And whereas by several Adds of Parliament made and passed fmee the said Act of the third Ye n of 4 C a ' C 9.

his majesty's Reign, several Persons therein respectively named have been constituted commissione s to Fp.' ' 1 C 4 ' examine, slate and determine the Debts due to the Army, who were by the same Adds respectively im C 4 powered to add in Performance of the Trusts in them respectively reposed, without obtaining any new (. 30\"*'

Commission under the said Great Seal in that Behalf: And whereas by one of the said subsequent Acts,

which was made and passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, That all Certifi 5 Geo. 1. c. 14. 4 cates made out by Virtue of that Add, should be directed to the Right Honourable James Earl of Car tiarvon (now Duke of Chandos) or his Deputy, or such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, should think fit to nominate and appoint; and the said Earl of Carnarvon, or his Deputy, or the said Person or Persons so to be nominated, were thereby directed and authorised to issue the Debentures accordingly, as well for such Sum or Sums of Adoney, as should appear to have arisen to become due to the respective

for any Time, during which he was Paytnafder, as for any Time or Times before or since:

And whereas by an Instrument in Writing, bearing Date the fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, under the Elands and Seals of John Aljlab'ie, Esquire, John I Fa Hop, Esquire, (now Lord Lhnington) George Baillie, Esquire, and William Clayton, Esquire, then Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, Thomas More, Esquire, (who had added and then continued to add as Deputy to the said James Duke of Chandos, in all Cases where Debentures had heretofore been, or were by the said Add of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, authorised to be made out by the said Duke, as late Paymaster General of the Army, or his Deputy) was constituted and appointed to make out Debentures on all and every the Certificates whatsoever, that were, should or might be ifl ued by the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, upon or by Virtue of the said Add of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign: And whereas

by an Add made and passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign (being one of the Adds for ap 7 geo- i stat.i. 4 pointing Commissioners to examine, slate and determine the Debts due to the Army) it was enacted, C 3°>

That all Debentures made out, or to be made out by any Paymaster or Paymasters, or his or their De 4 puty or Deputies, in Pursuance of any Certificate authorised to be made out by the Commissioners by Virtue of that or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for dating and determining the Debts due to the Army, should carry an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and that the same Annuities should be payable out of the Adonies arising or to arise from the Customs and other Duties and Payments,

commonly called the General Fund, established by an Act of Parliament of the third Year of his Ma 3 Geo J CI 7»

jesty's Reign, amounting to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, and the High Treasurer for the Time being, are thereby authorized and empowered, upon producing any such Debenture or Debentures made forth or to be made forth upon any such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, to issue Standing Orders for paying at the said Re 4 ceipt of Exchequer, the said Annuities for the Principal Sums contained in the said Debentures respectively, to the Persons named in such Debentures, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, which Annuities are nevertheless redeemable, according to a Proviso in the said Act of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign contained in that Behalf, as by the said several Acts and Instruments, 7 Geo. i.stat, 1. 4 Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the said Thomas More hath made C 3°forth several Debentures in the Form prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, upon the said Commission under the Great Seal, which was founded upon the said Act of the third Year of his Ma 3 Ge CI 37,

jesty's Reign, and some Doubts have arisen or may arise, whether the Certificates made forth by the several Commissioners for stating and determining the Debts due to the Army, pursuant to the said other Acts, or some of them, and which Certificates have been delivered to the said Thomas More, were delivered to a proper Officer or Person in order to have the Debentures made forth thereupon; and whether the said Thomas More, to whom such Certificates were delivered, was strictly authorised in all Cases, to make forth the Debentures upon all such Certificates so delivered to him; and whether the landing Or 4 ders for such Annuities as aforesaid, payable at the Exchequer, or some of them, have been well grounded upon all the Debentures signed by the said Thomas More as aforesaid Now for the obviating all such Doubts for the future, it is hereby declared and enacted, C

Debentures, &c. already made forth, or to be made forth, C deemed good and valid. Altering or counterfeiting Debentures, C Felony."

EXP.

XXXVII. And whereas since the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty and two, several Sums of Money have been called for to be issued for paying off and cancelling such of the Exchequer bills as then remained to be cancelled, pursuant to an Act made and passed in that Behalf in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and several Sums, 8 Gw C 3: ?' 4 amounting to twenty-three thousand one hundred thirty-eight Pounds eleven Shillings ten Pence three Farthings, Part of the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, which remained in the Exchequer at the said 1 4 Feast:

424 C 6. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

C Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred twenty-two, have since been issued 01 ' directed to be issued pursuant to the Act raft mentioned, for or towards paying off and cancelling th( ' said Exchequer bills, which then remained undischarged Now to the End the complete Redemption of the said Annuities, amounting to sixty thousand two hundred thirty-nine Pounds six Shillings and twc Redemption of Pence per Annum, may not be obstructed or delayed; It is hereby provided and further enacted by the au the Annuities, thority aforesaid, That for making up the abovesaid Sum of two hundred and four thousand seven hun 6, sad. rec e*gbty six Pounds three Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, by this Act intended to be applied per Annum, "'towards the Redemption thereof, the Sum of one hundred ninety two thousand two hundred seventy fom how to be Pounds sixteen Shillings one Penny and fourteen twentieth Parts of one Penny, remaining undisposed oi

made, Sec, the said Sinking Fund, computed at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred

twenty and two, ball and maybe issued and applied according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act above expressed; that any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole twelve thousand five hundred eleven Pounds seven Shillings threepence and one twentieth Part of a Penny, shall and may be taken and issued out of the first Money arising of or by the said Sinking Fund, to be computed for any Time after the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the'l ime being, are hereby authorised and directed to issue or cause to be issued the same accordingly; anything in this or any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

7 Geo. i. Stat. 2 fest. 2.

Farther Provisions relating to the Matters in this A

£ 2. Stat. 2,

C 8.

3 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Geo. 2. c. 5.

Repeal of a Clause in the Act 7 Geo. 1. Srat. 2. for nuking seven 1 i'jwifionsj C

CAP. VI.

An Act for reviving and adding two millions to the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company and for reviving a proportional Part of the yearly Fund payable at the Exchequer, and foi dividing their whole Capital (after such Division made) into two equal Parts or Moieties, and for converting one of the said Moieties into certain Annuities for the Benefit of the Members, and for settling the remaining Moiety in the said Company; and for continuing for one Year longer, the Provision formerly made against requiring Special Bail in Action: or Suits upon such Contracts as are therein mentioned.

I" A fi" it please your most Excellent Majesty; in an Act: of Parliament of the seventf ' i.vil Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making several Provjions to restore the Publick Credit, which suffers by the Frauds and Mismanagements of the late Directors of the south-sea Company and others, there is contained a Clause or Proviso in the Words or to the Effect following (that is tc say) Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said Feast of thf Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred anc twenty-two, the full Sum of two millions of Pounds Sterling, Part of the Capital Stock, which shall. ' then belong to the said Company, shall by Force and Virtue of this Act be and be deemed and adjudged to be reduced, sunk and annihilated for ever; and that a proportional Part of their Annuities or yearlj Funds, payable at the Exchequer in respect of two millions, shall by Force and Virtue of this Act ' from and after the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lore one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, be no longer payable, but shall from thenceforth for eve cease and determine, for the Benefit of the Public; any i hing in the said recited Acts, or either o X them, or any other Law, Statute or Provision whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding i as by the said Act, amongst diverse other Things therein contained, Pxelation being thereunto had, maj plainly appear: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being fully sensible of the intmenfe Loss and Damage which the said Company, commonly called the south-sea Company, have sustained by the many Frauds, Abuses and Breache: of Trust which were committed by the late Sub governor, Deputy governor and Directors of the faun company, and others in Confederacy with them, or some of them; and being minded to grant furthe

The two millions icvi and f d dead to theslocic

of sott«h St 1 Company, C

Geo. j. sati,

£ "fore 34 j'ine 1723. to oc di virird among the frop»ictt r? o' th capajli

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th Authority of the same, That the said recited Proviso and Clause be repealed, and the same are hereby de dared and enacted to be null and void accordingly; and the said Sum of two millions, by Force aj}< Virtue of this Act, is and feld! be revived and again added to the present Capital stock of the said South Sea Company; and that the proportional Part or Parts of the Annuities or yearly Funds of the said Company, payable, at, the Exchequer in respect of the sail two millions, together with all Arrears thereof, in tuned or grown clue since the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundry and twenty-two, shall also be revived, and again become payable at the Exchequer, as if no such Provif or clause had been enacted or contained in the said Ail of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; an Thing in th at Ail contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two millions, by this Act re

A.D. 17, 22. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 6. 42-5

Proportion to their several and respective Interests (.herein; and that Credit be given for the same re five. in the Books of the said Company.

III. And whereas on the reviving and adding the said Sum of two millions as aforesaid, the Whole Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company doth by computation amount to thirty-three millions eight £ eight hundred and two thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and a half p nny;

and upon reviving and adding the said proportional Part or Parts of the said Annuities or yearly Funds 1 in respect of the said two millions as aforesaid, the whole Annuities or yearly Funds of the said Company, payable at the Exchequer, dn respect of their whole Capital Stock, do by Computation amount as follows, (that is to say) For three millions eight hundred thirty-nine thousand three hundred fixed V ' three pounds thirteen Shillings and one Penny (Part of their said whole Capital) at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Sum of one hundred fifty-three thousand five hundred fevaity so'jr'Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence per Annum, and for twenty-nine millions nine hundred sixty three £ thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds and eleven Pence halfpenny (being the Rcftduc of their £ whole Capital) at the Rate of live Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Sum of one million four hundred £ ninety-eight thousand one hundred fifty six Pounds and a halfpenny per Annum, in all one million six hundred fifty-one thousand ("even hundred and thirty Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny £ Annum, payable until and for the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the bupti/i one thousand seven £ hundred and twenty seven; and from thenceforth the said Annuities oryearly Funds are to be computed on the said whole Capital Stock or Sum of thirty-three millions eight hundred anj two thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and a halfpenny, at the Rate of four Pounds per Cen ' turn per Annum, and no more, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, over and above the several £ of eight thousand Pounds pr Annum, and one thousand three hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence per Ann inn, already settled and allowed for Charges of Management, and several other Sums to be settled and allowed for Charges of Management, purl uant to several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf: And whereas it is judged to be advise able and necessary, that so great a Capital £ Stock, and such large Annuities and yearly Funds as are last mentioned, should be divided and fepa rated in such a Manner, that all and every the Members or Proprietors thereof may find their respective £ or Interests in each Part so divided and separated, and the Public, as well as the said Sciith Sea Company, may be. the better secured against future Frauds, Abuses, Errors and Mismanagements: '

Therefore we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, do further humbly pray, that it may be From 24 June enacted. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of 17*3-the whole June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the whole vided into two" Capital Stock of the said Company, called the south-sea Company, herein computed to amount to thirty equi] pars three millions eight hundred and two thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and < Farther divided an half penuy, as aforesaid, and the Shares of the respective Members and Proprietors of and in the same, ty 6 Geo. 2. shall he divided and separated into two equal Parts or Moieties, and the same from thenceforth are hereby C 2s, ' divided and separated, and shall be deemed and adjudged to be divided and separated accordingly; any former Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety or half part of the said 1', Io; ety ennyei t capital Stock so divided and separated, which Moiety or half part will by Computation amount to six t a Jomt teen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and a Farthing, shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be, and the same from thenceforth are hereby converted into a Joint Stock, attended with certain Annuities, payable out of the Funds of the said south-sea Company in Lieu of all the Dividends,

Profits and Advantages such Moiety is now entitled to, that is to say. With Annuities, after the rate of nve Pounds / rr Centum per Annum, from the said twenty-fourth Day of Jure one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, until and for the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint ysafl srr/tf'/f one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth with Annuities out of the same Funds, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum only, and no more, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this at j and that the same moiety so converted into such joint Stock, shall from thenceforth he called the Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities; and that the other Moiety or half part of the said whole Capital Stock, amounting to the like Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred forty one pounds seventeen Shillings and a Farthing, shall remain, continue and be in the said Company, called the south-sea Company, as a joint stock in their own Right, attended with the Residue of the said Annuities or yearly Funds payable in the Exchequer, 'for their said whole Capital as aforesaid, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, and also attended with the said several Sums already settled and allowed, and to be settled and allowed for Charges of Management, and with all the other Benefits, Profits of Trade, Privileges and Advantages now belonging to the said south-sea Company: And whereas the present Annuities or yearly Fund, now payable at the Exchequer to the said south-sea Company, for Or in respect of their whole Capital, exclusive of the said Sums settled and allowed, or to be settled and allowed for Charges of Management as aforesaid, doth and will until the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John bapt ijl one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, amount to the Sum of one mil lion six hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and thirty Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, as is before mentioned; and the Annuity or Interest of that Moiety which is hereby enabled to be converted into a Joint Stock of the south-sea Annuities being computed after the Rate or five Pounds per Centum per Annum, doth amount unto the yearly Sum of eight hundred fortyfive thousand sixty two Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence Farthing, which being deducted out of the said yearly aum of one million six hundred

426 C 6. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

fifty-one thousand seven hundred and thirty Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, the Residue thereof, which will be attending on the other Moiety hereby enacted, to remain and be the Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company as aforesaid, will be the yearly Sum of eight hundred and six thousand six hundred sixty eight Pounds nine Shillings and a Penny Earthing; and the said whole Annuity or yearly Fund, which from and after the said Feast of the Nativiy of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, will be payable for both the said Moieties of the Capital Stock so separated as aforesaid, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, will, as the same is computed after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, amount to the Sum of one million three hundred fifty-two thousand ninety-nine Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence halfpenny, and is from thenceforth to be divided between the said Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, and the said Capital Stock remaining to the said south-sea Company as aforesaid, in equal Moieties, over and besides the said Sums settled and allowed, and to be settled and allowed for Charges of Management as aforesaid, which allowances are to attend the said remaining Stock of the said south-sea Company; now as to, for and concerning the one Moiety or half part of the said whole Capital Stock of the said Company, commonly called the south-sea Company, so as aforesaid converted into a Joint Stock of south-sea an and into Annuities: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Members or Proprietors, nuities, for the having any Share or Interest, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and member°/&c twenty-three, of or in the last mentioned Moiety or half part of the said Capital Stock, amounting to' the said Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds seventeen

Shillings and a Farthing, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively (in Lieu and Recompense of and for such his and their Share or Shares therein, and of the proportional Annuities or yearly Funds, Dividends, Profits and Advantages, which belonged to every such Share or Shares, before the making of this act) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by Force and Virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy, one or more certain Annuity or Annuities, to be computed, after the said Rate of five Bounds per Centum per Annum, on the last mentioned Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and a Farthing, from the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenry three, until and for the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and from thenceforth, at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until such Redemption by Parliament, and proportional Annuities for any greater or Idler Sums, that such Shares in such Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities shall amount to, until Redemption thereof by Parliament as aforesaid; the said Company, called the south-sea Company, shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, have and receive, and be entitled by Virtue of this Act, to have and receive at the Exchequer, out of the Duties, Revenues and Incomes, charged with their whole Annuities or yearly Funds payable there, the said yearly Sum of eight hundred fortyfive thousand sixty two Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence Farthing, as the Annuity to attend the said Moiety or half part so as aforesaid converted unto the said Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, from the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, until and for the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth so much yearly, as the Interest of the same Moiety shall amount unto, at the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid, by weekly or other Payments, as the whole yearly Funds or Annuities of the same Company are payable to them, before the making such Division and Separation as aforesaid: in Trust and for the Benefit of the said Proprietors or Members, who shall be entitled to the said south-sea Annuities, according to their respee tive Interests therein; and the said Company, called the south-sea Company, from time to time, shall have and be entitled to the like Remedies, Ways and Means, for receiving and recovering the said Moneys, hereby intended for the Payment of the said south-sea Annuities at the respective Rates aforesaid, during the Continuance thereof, as they might have had or used for receiving or recovering their whole Annuities or yearly Fund's at the Exchequer, if no such Division and Separation were made; Nevertheless in T rust as aforesaid, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions, and other Advantages, and all Pains of Death, Penalties Forfeitures and Disabilities, and all Restrictions, Rules and Directions, and all Clauses, Matters and Things, which were enacted or provided by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, Laws or Statutes, which were in Force at or until the Time of making this Act, for better feeuring the whole Capital Stock, and Payment of the yearly Funds of the said south-sea Company, for the sole Use of the said Company, or preventing or punishing the foig ing or counterfeiting Transfers or Assignments, or Dividend Warrants, or any Powers relating thereto, shall be revived, continued, and be practised and put in Execution, for bet r feeuring the said Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, and the said yearly Funds hereby enacted to attend the same, in Trust, and for the Benefit of the said Annuitants, and for preventing or punishing the forging or counterfeiting any Transfers or Assignments of the said south-sea Annuities, or any Dividend Warrants made for the same, or any Powers relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if

all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions, and other

Advantages, Pains of Death, and other Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, Restrictions, Rules and Directions were again repeated, and particularly re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Quarterly and V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Joint Stock of Annuities, to half yearly Pay be called the south-sea Annuities, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they or any of them shall

ments of An he called or known, shall become due and payable, and be accounted to be due ard payable from

aum«s, s, the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, until and for the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel then next following, quarterly, and from thenceforth half

3 _ yearly.

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 6. 427

yearly, videlicet, on the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Feast of Saint Afichael the Archangel in every Year, by even and equal Portions, and at the respective Rates before mentioned, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Provisoes and Powers of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Deficiencies Hew Times hereafter, any Deficiency or Deficiencies shall happen in the Produce of all or any of the several rn3je6', d duties, Revenues and Incomes, charged with the Joint Stock of the said South sca Annuities as aforesaid, and Attendant on the said remaining Stock, and the said Allowances for Charges of Management, to be continued to the said south-sea Company in their own Right as aforesaid, then and in every such Case so happening, the said Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, in respect of their said yearly Fund, shall from Time to^fime bear one Moiety or half part of every such Deficiency, until the same shall be provided for and made goodbye Authority of Parliament, and no more; anything in this Add or any former Law,

Statute or Provision whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proportional Share Shires after 24 and Shares, which all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, upon such June 1723. to, Division and Separation as aforesaid, shall have and be entitled unto of or in the said Joint Stock of South br wri" tn 0, 1, Sea Annuities, shall after the said twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and twenty bosc^nd^en three, be written off front the present Books of the said Company, into a new Ledger or Ledgers, with trcj in to new the proportional Annuity and Annuities, which in pursuance of this Act, are to attend the same Share Lexers, arc. and Shares respectively, with proper Debits and Credits, so that the same Annuities intended to be

founded on this Act may be known and ascertained, and the future Transfers, and other legal dispositi ons thereof, or of any Part or Parcel, Parts or Parcels of the same, may from Time to Time plainly appear and be inspected.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That as well the said south-sea Annuities, intended to be founded on Annuities, &c', this Act, and all and every the Principal Sums for which the said several south-sea Annuities are to be tax free, payable, and whereupon they shall be computed pursuant to this Act, and every of them, shall be free

from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Persons and Corpora Tobc Pc! tions whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said south-sea Annuities, to be founded on this Act ^ve'rofo epn as aforesaid, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under them respectively, shall be polled Attachments, 11 CD thereof as a personal Estate, and the same shall not be defeendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable C

to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the principal Moneys in the said Joint pr; ncipnl Moneys Stock of the south-sea Annuities for which the said several and respective Annuities shall pursuant to this in Annuities, cast be payable as aforesaid, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on to be deemed ca which the same Annuities shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bo p'tai or Joint dies Politic and Corporate, in Proportion to such their respective south-sea Annuities, shall have and be Stoc'C deemed, reputed and taken to have a Share in such Stock; and that the same Capital or Joint Stock, or

any Share or Shares therein, and the proportional Annuity and Annuities attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs and not otherwise; and that the said Company, commonly And assignable, called the south-sea Company, shall cause to be constantly kept within same convenient Place within the City of London, an Office and a Book or Books, in which all Assignments or Transfers of the said Stock 9j*to of south-sea Annuities as aforesaid, and of the proportional Annuities attending the same or any Part or forpen"rv°"f ai parcel, Parts or Parcels thereof, shall he fairly entered and registered; Entry shall be contrived in some nts, C proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or (if the Party be absent) by his, her or tlyeir Attorney thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning or transferring the said Stock and Annuities to attend the same or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law: Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such south-sea Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or any Interest therein, may bequeath the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses, but that such Legatee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said will.as relates to such south-sea Annuity or Annuities, be entered in the Office last mentioned; and in default of such Transfer or Bequest, the Stock and Annuity or Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators.

XI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Stamp-duties whatsoever, shall be No Stamp du

ehargcable upon any the Transfers or Assignments of the said Joint Stock of the said south-sea Annuity tiesontranf or Annuities, to attend the same or any of them., ers' C

XII. And as for and concerning the other Moiety or half part of the said whole Capital Stock of the South sc, com said Company, commonly called the south-sea Company, so remaining and continued to the said South pmy, after 24 Sea Company as their Capital Stock, and all Sums settled and allowed, or to be settled and allowed for June >7*3-to Management as aforesaid, with all the other Benefits, Profits of Trade, Privileges and Advantages what duvofannuhies" soever belonging to the said Company before the making of this Act; Be it enacted by the Authority afore at the Ex'said, That the said south-sea Company shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou chequer till 24 sand seven hundred and twenty-three, continue to have, receive and enjoy, and be mtitled to have, receive June 17171 and enjoy, at the Exchequer, in their own Right, the Residue of the said Annuities or yearly Funds, computed in the whole to one million six hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and thirty Pounds

428 C 6.. > Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 172 2.

ten Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny per Annum, till the said feast of the Nativity of Saint John tsaptljl one thousand fever); 'hundred aiuhtwenty seven, andi to amount afterwards to one million three hundred fifty-two, thousand ninety-nine Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence halt penny per Annum, till Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid; said Residue till the find Feast of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, is computed at eight hundred and six thousand six hundred sixty eight Pounds nine Shillings and a Penny Farthing, as is before mentioned, and afterwards is to be, computed after the Rate of four Pounds per centum peer Annum, till Redemption as aforesaid, as the Annuity, or yearly Fund to attend the said remaining Moiety or half part of the said Capital Stock, hqrehy intended to be continued in the said s onth scn Company as aforesaid, till the Redemption thereof by, Parliament as aforesaid; final] also have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by. Virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy, the said, whole Sums of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and one thousand three, hundred ninety feveji pounds.nine Shillings and sixpence per Annum, already settled for Charges of Management, and all other Sums to be allowed for Charges of Management as aforesaid, during the Continuance thereof; and Arall be also entitled to hold, exerciseand enjoy all the Profits of Trade, and other Privileges and Advantages belonging to the said Company, before the making of this Act; and that all and every the Members and Proprietors, having any Share or Shares on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, in the said remaining Moiety or half part of the said Capital Stock, to be continued in the said South sen Company as aforesaid', his, her and their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to proportional Shares of and in the said Annuities or yearly Funds attending the same, and also all. Benefits of Trade and other Benefits, and all Dividends, Profits and Advantages whatsoever, belonging and remaining in the said south-sea Company, and the (hid Allowances made and to be made for Charges of Management.

Powers given to

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the said Company,

IR sru^tailed; the south-sea Company, and their general Courts, their Courts of Directors and Sub committees, ompany, C an(j all their Officers and Ministers whatsoever, for the Time being, as also all the respective Members of the same Company, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns for the Time being, in respect of the said remaining Moiety or half part of the said Capital stock, to be continued in the said Company as aforesaid, and in respect of the said Residue of the said Annuities, or yearly Funds attending, the same Moiety or half part, and in respect of the said Allowances made and to be made for Charges of Management, and in respect of all the several Shares and Interests of the said Members and Proprietors, of and in the same and every of them, and in respect of all Dividends, Profits, and Advantages belonging and remaining to the., said south-sea Company, shall and may have, exercise and execute, and shall be in titled by Force and Virtue of this Act, to have, exercise and execute all such and the like Powers and Authorities and Capacities, and to have, receive and enjoy such and the like Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions from Taxes and other Exemptions and Privileges, and such and the like Benefits of Trade, and other Benefits, Profits, and Advantages (other than in Cases touching which other Provisions or Directions are hereafter made and given in>and by this act) as the said south-sea Company, or their General Courts, their Courts of Directors, Sub committees, their Officers or Ministers, or the Members of the same Company, their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, might have exercised or executed, or might have had, received or enjoyed if this Act had not been made; subject never theless to fuel) and the like Restrictions, Rules and Directions, as they respectively were subject to before the making of this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions, Benefits of Trade and other Benefits, Profits and Advantages, and all Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and all Restrictions, Rules and Directions, and all Clauses, constitutions, Bylaws, Matters and Things whatsoever, which were enacted or lawfully provided or established, in, by or pursuant to any Act or Acts of Parliament, Laws, Statutes or Provisions whatsoever, which were in Force, at or until the Time of the making of this Act, for the better securing the whole Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company, or for securing and paying their whole Annuities or yearly Funds at the Exchequer, by weekly or other payments, or for, touching or concerning the assigning or transferring, the same, or any Shares therein, or for Payment of the said Allowances for Charges of Management, or for preventing or punishing the forging or counterfeiting any Transfer or Transfers, af signment or Assignments, or any Powers relating thereunto, or for securing the Trade of the said south-sea Company, or for any Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to the hid Company, or the members thereof, are and shall, by Force and virtue of this Act, be revived and continued, and be practised and put in Execution, in respect of the said remaining Moiety or half part of the said Capital Stock, hereby intended to be continued, and in respect of the said Residue of the Annuities or yearly Funds, hereby enacted to attend the same, and the Allowances made and to be made for Management as aforesaid, and in respect of the several Shares and Interests of the Members of the same Company for the Time being, of and in the lame Moiety or half part, and of and in the yearly Funds, Benefits, Dividends, Profits and Advantages attending the same, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said. Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, Benefits of Trade and other Benefits, Profits and Advantages, Restrictions, Rules and Directions were again repeated and particularly reenacted in the Body of this present Act, other than and except in such Cases, touching which other Provisions or Directions are hereafter made and given in and by this Act,

south-sea Com

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time or any tohear a Times hereafter any Deficiency or Deficiencies shall happen in the Produce of all or any the several Mi fiy of all Dirties, Revenues and Incomes charged with the said Joint Stock of the south-sea Annuities, and atten' urn ieikies, c dam on the said remaining Stock, raid the said Allowances for Charges of Management, to be continued 1 to

C 6. 429

Not to incur Usability for co II g anything In Pursuance of this Act, ca.

D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis.

-. p O.

; oath said South sen, Company in their own Right as aforesaid then, and in every such Case so happen i>g, the said: sw/nsvmcompan'y, upon Account and in respecti of the remaining Stock and the Allowances to be continued to them in their own Right as aforesaid, shall', from Time to Time, bear one Moiety, or half part of every, such Deficiency, until the same shall be provided, for and made good by Authority of Parliament, and no more; any 'Idling in this Act, or any former Law, Statute or Provision whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company, commonly called the south-sea Company or any Member thereof, fiiali not incur any Difiibility for or by Reason of their doing any Matter, or Thing in pursuance of this Act; nor final! the present Governor, Sufi governor or deputy governor, nor any of the present Directors, be deemed to be d.ifqu/.lifted to continue Governor, jsub governor, Deputy governor or Directors, after the Separation or Division of the said Captital shall have taken Place, for or by. Reason of their not having remaining in their own respective Names or Right, so much Capital Stock of the said Company, as they before the making of this Act were required, to have for the Qualification of such Governor, Sub governor, Deputy governor or Directors respectively, so as such Governor, Sub governor, Deputy governor or Director respectively, shall liavc and continue in his own Name and Plight, so much of the said J oint Stock of south-sea Annuities, as, together with the South sen Stock remaining in his own Name and Right shall! make up the Sum in Stock, which before the making of this Act was requisite for such respective Qualification, according to the Charter of the said Company or any Bylaws made in Pursuance thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time after upon R 'w the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint 'john Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord, one thousand^ca seven hundred and twenty seven, upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Company, commonly called. pitai sum of 1 the South seei Company, of the said whole Principal or Capital Sum of thirty-three millions eight hundred 33, 802, 483.1. two thousand four hundred cighly three Pounds fourteen Shillings and one halfpenny, is to say, 14s. one Half the Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred forty-one Pounds seventeen pennyqfter Shillings one Farthing, being one Moiety or half part of die.said whole Principal or Capital Sum, for company

the Use of such Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, as shall then be Proprie &'c. Annuities tors of the said joint Stock of south-sea Annuities to be founded on this Act, according to the Shares out of the ex and Interests which they respectively shall then have therein; and the remaining six teen millions nine chequer to hundred one thousand two hundred forty one pounds seventeen Shillings and one Farthing, being the other Money or half part thereof, for the Use and Account of the said Capital Stock, remaining and to be continued to the Company in their own Right as. aforesaid, and upon Payment of all Arrears which shall then be due for or upon the said Annuities or yearly Funds payable at the Exchequer attending the same respectively as aforesaid. upon Payment of all Arrears of the said yearly Sums, allowed or to be allowed to the said Company for their own Use, for Charges of Management as aforesaid; which Arrears, if any such be, shall, be computed and paid to the quarterly feast day then next preceding, and from thence shall he computed.and paid by the Day, till the Time of such full Payment? inadb) then the said yearly Annuities or Funds payable at the Exchequer to the said Company in truitfor the said south-sea Annuitants, and in their own Rights respectively. as aforesaid, as also the said yearly Sums to be allowed for Charges of Management as aforesaid, and every of them shall from thenceforth cease and determine., t.

XVII. And in regard it. is intended, that at any Time or Times after the said Fcnfi of the Nativity How Anmiider, 1 of.saint John baptist in the Year of our, Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, the prin 'c. payable at cipal or Sum Total, of, the said Capital amounting to thirty three millions eight hundred two thousand Exchequer,

four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and one halfpenny fiia'l be satisfied to the said to'"

Company called the soitth sc.a Company, by any Payments' not being less than five hundred thousand r.io^paid m ' Pounds at a Time; and that as the same Principal Money shall be so paid off, such Idler Payments shall, Fut ot pnn<i ' from Time to Time, be applied, either towards discharging the said Principal sums which shall then pk shallccafs.

belong to the said south-sea Company in their own Right, or towards discharging the said Principal Sums of the said South sea Annuities, or towards discharging, as well the said Principal Sums of the said Company, as also of the said south-sea Annuities, in such Proportions, Manner and Form as shall be prescribed by the respective Act or Acts of Parliament for furnishing such Idler Sums; and that, as the.

same Principal Moneys shall be paid oft', the respective Annuities or yearly Funds, payable to the said south-sea Company at the Exchequer, in their own Right or in Trust as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, proportionally fink and he abated; 'Be it therefore further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times after the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, on Repayment by Parliament to the said South sia Company, of any Sum or Sums of Money, not bing less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, in Part of the Principal Moneys of the said Capital Stock of thirty-three millions eight hundred two thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and one halfpenny, to be applied according to such future at or acts of Parliament as aforesaid, and upon Payment of all Arrears, which shall then be due, for or upon the same yearly. Annuities or Funds, payable at the Exchequer as aforesaid, or upon am

Part thereof, or so much of the said Arrears as shall bear a Proportion to the Principal Sums then remaining unsatisfied to the said Annuitants and the said Company in their own Right Tcspectively, and upon Payment of all Arrears then due of the said yearly Allowances for Management, for the sole Use and Account of the said Company (all which said Arrears, if any such he, shall he computed and paid to the quarterly feast day. then next preceding, and from thence shall be computed and paid by the Day, till the Time of such Payment made in Part as aforesaid) then from and after every such Payment so made,

43° C 7- Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

so much of the said Annuities or yearly Funds payable at the Exchequer, as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the Principal, shall ceaie, determine and be abated; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

afterrejemp

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the^rere' the Redemption of the said Capital or Principal Sums amounting to thirty-three millions eight hundred mies applicable tw0 thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and one halfpenny, and the said feve thereto still be ral yearly Funds or Sums payable at the Exchequer, according to the several and respective Provisoes and understood to be Conditions of Redemption in this Act contained for that Purpose, then, and not till then, so much of redeemed by Par the several Duties, Revenues and Incomes as are by this Act applicable thereunto, during the continu lament, canoe thereof, shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose without Authority of Parliament.

S Geo. 1. C1. '

XIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti

mwly made*"*tu^ed, An Act to noble the south-sea Company to dispose of the Ejfefts in their Handi by way of Lottery or against requiring Suhfription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Annuity payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Debts of the Special Bail, C ' said Company, and for Relief of such who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Act, touching payment.of. continued, ' ten per Centum, therein mentioned. It was among! other Things enacted. no Special Bail should be required in any Action or Suit, brought or to be brought upon any Contrast made or entered into since the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred anj twenty, for or concerning the Sale or Purchase of any Stock of the south-sea Company, or Delivery of any Interest or Receipt in any Subscription taken in by the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts in America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or any other Company or Corporation, or Farther Provi pretended Company or Corporation whatsoever, until the first Day of March which should be in the fians concerning Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two: And whereas it is thought necessary, this Company, < that the said Provision made by the said Act should he continued sometime longer Be it therefore 1 Geo T C 16 enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Special Bail shall be required in any Action or Suit brought bzo. 4gco.\ or to be brought upon any such Contrast, for any such Stock, or Interest as aforesaid, until the first Day of C 5.'5 z. March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three.

c. 17. 6 Geo. 2.

C 25 & 28. 7 2, r. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. z, e, 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24 Get 2. C 2 £? it. 26 Geo. 1. c. 16.

3 & 4 W. So M. C 11. f. 11,

For former hauls refer to 43 eue.z. 3 Car. I. C 5.

13 & tear. z. C 12. 22 & 23 Car. a. C 18.

I 'Jac. i. C 17. 3 & 4 IK ME. 11. 8©>9 TV. 3. 5- 30.9 & 10 IV 3. <., 1.

12 stnn. St. 1. C 18. 5 Geo. j. r. 8.

No Poor to be relieved till Oaih made of a reasonable Criule,

or longer than the Cause cor, tiiwcs,

CAP. VII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment and Relief of the Poor.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, it was provided, That in

every Parish a Book or Books should be kept, wherein the Names of all Persons who did or might receive Collections should be registered, with the 'i'ime when they were first admitted to such Relief, and the Occasion which brought them under that Necessity; and that no such Person should be allowed to have or receive Collection at the Charge of the Parish, but by Authority or under the Hand of one Ju ' ftice of Peace residing in such Parish, or if none there dwelling in the Parts near or next adjoining, or by Order of the Justices at their Quarter sessions, except in Case of pestilential Diseases, Plague or Smallpox: whereas under Colour of the Proviso in the said Act, many Persons have applied to some Justices of Peace, without the Knowledge of any Officers of the Parish, and thereby upon untrue Suggestions, and sometimes upon false or frivolous Pretences have obtained Relief, which hath greatly contributed to the Increase of the parish rates for Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, no Justice of Peace shall order Relief to any poor Person dwelling in any Parish, until Oath be made before such Justice of some Matter which he shall judge to be a reasonable Cause or Ground for having such Relief, and that the same Person had by himself, herself or some other, applied for Relief to the Parishioners of the Parish, at some Vestry or other public Meeting of the said Parishioners, or to two of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, and was by them refused to be relieved, and until such Justice hath summoned two of the Overseers of the Poor to show Cause why such Relief should not be given, and the Person so summoned hath been heard or made Default to appear before such Justice; any Thing in the said Proviso, or any Law to the contrary notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person whom any such Justice of Peace shall think fit to order to be relieved, shall be entered in such Book or Books so to be kept by the Parish, as open of those who is to receive Collection, as long as the Cause for such Relief continues, and no longer; and that no Officer of any Parish shall (except upon sudden and emergent Occasions) bring to the Account of the Parish any Moneys he shall give to any poor Person of the same Parish, who is not registered in such Book or Books to be kept by the said Parish, as a Person entitled to receive Collection, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant of any two or more Justices of the Peace of the same County, who shall have examined into and found him guilty of such Offence; which said Sum shall he applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, by Pireftion of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace,

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 7.

III. And for the greater Ease of Justices of the Peatc, whom his Majesty or his successors hath or shall by Commission authorise to act as a Justice of the Peace for any County of this Realm; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Justice of Peace shall happen to dwell in any City, or other Precinct that is a County of itself, situate within the County at large, for which he shall be appointed Justice of Peace, although not within the same County, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of Peace to grant Warrants, take Examinations, and make Orders for any Matters, which any jone or more Justice or Justices of the Peace may act in, at his own dwelling house, although such dwelling house be out of the County where northeast is authorised to act as a Justice of Peace, and in some City or other Precinct adjoining, that is a County of itself; and that all Inch Warrants, Orders and other Act or Acts of any Justice of Peace, and the Act or Acts of any Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, Overseer of the Poor, Surveyor of the Highways or other Officer, in Obedience to any such Warrant or Order, shall be as valid, good and effectual in the Law, although it happen to be out of the Limits of the proper Precinct or Authority: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give rower to the Justices of Peace for the Counties at large, to hold their General Quarter sessions of the Peace in the Cities or Towns which are Counties of themselves, nor to empower Justices of Peace, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, Borsholders or any other Peace officers of the Counties at large, to act or intermeddle in any Matters or Things arising within Cities or Towns which are Counties of themselves, but that all such Aftings and Doings shall be of the same Force and Effect in Law, and none other, as if this Act had never been made.

IV. And for the greater Ealc of Parishes in the Relief of the Poor, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor in any Parish, Town, Township or Place, with the Consent of the major Part of the Parishioners or Inhabitants of the same Parish, Town, Township or Place, in Vestry, or other Parish or public Meeting for that Purpose assembled, or of so many of them as shall be so assembled, upon usual Notice thereof first given, to purchase or hire any House or Houses in the same Parish, Township or Place, and to contrast with any Person or Persons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining and employing any or all such Poor in their respective Parishes, Townships or Places, as shall desire to receive Relief or Collection from the same Parish, and there to keep, maintain and employ all such poor Persons, and take the Benefit of the Work, Labour and Service of any such poor Person or Persons, who shall be kept or maintained in any such House or Houses, for the better Maintenance and Relief of such poor Person or Persons, who stall be there kept or maintained; and in case any poor Person or Persons of any Parish, Town, Township or Place where such House or Houses shall be so purchased or hired, shall refuse to be lodged, kept or maintained in such House or Houses, such poor Person or Persons so refusing shall be put out of the Book or Books where the Names of the Persons, who ought to receive Collection in the said Parish, Town, town ship or Place, are to be registered, and shall not be entitled to ask or receive Collection or Relief from the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish, Town or Township; where any Parish, Town or Township shall be too small to purchase or hire such House or Houses for the Poor of their own Parish only, it shall and may be lawful for two or more such Parishes, Towns or Townships or Places, with the Consent of the major Parc of the Parishioners or Inhabitants of their respective Parishes, Town, Township or Places, in Vestry or other Parish or Public Meeting for that Purpose assembled, or of so many of them as shall be so assembled, upon usual Notice thereof first given, and with the Approbation of any Justice of Peace dwelling in or near any such Parish, Town or Place, signified under his Hand and Seal, to unite in purchasing, hiring, or taking such House, for the lodging, keeping and maintaining of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships or Places so uniting, and there to keep, maintain and employ the Poor of the respective Parishes so uniting, and to take and have the Benefit of the Work, Labour or Service of any Poor there kept and maintained, for the better Maintenance and Relief of the Poor there kept, maintained and employed; and that if any poor Person or Persons in the respective Parishes, Townships or Places so uniting, shall refuse to be lodged, kept and maintained in the House, hired or taken for such Uniting Parishes, Townships or Places, he, she or they so refusing, shall be put out of the collection book, where his, her or their Names were registered, and shall not be entitled to ask or demand Relief or Collodion from the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor in their respective Parishes, Townships or Places; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township or Place, with the Consent of the major Part of the.pa tifhioners or Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township or Place where such House or Houses is, are, or shall be purchased or hired for the Purposes aforesaid, in Vestry, or other Parish or public Adecting, for that Purpose assembled, or of so many of them as shall be so assembled, upon usual Notice thereof first given, to contract with the Churchwardens and overseers of the Poor of any other Parish, Township or Place, for the lodging, maintaining or employing of any poor Person or Persons of such other Parish, Township or Place, as to them shall seem meet; and in case any poor Person or Persons of such other Parish, Township or Place, shall refuse to be lodged, maintained and employed in such House or Houses, he, she or they so refusing, shall be put out of the Collection book of such other Parish, Township or Place, where his, her or their Names were registered, and shall not be entitled to ask, demand or receive any Relief or Collection from the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of his, her or their respective Parish, Township or Place: Provided always, That no poor Person or Persons, his, her or their Apprentice, Child or Children, shall acquire a Settlement in the Parish, Town or Place, to which he, she or they are removed by Virtue of this act, but that his, her or their Settlement, shall be and remain in such Parish, Town or Place, as it was before such Removal; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

43 1

Justices dwelling out of a County, may grant Warrant, &c. Concerning ccs see farther Geo. 2. c. 18 If 19.

7 Geo. 2. c. 10.

1 5 Geo. 2. c. 24* j6 Geo. 2. c. 18. 18 Geo. 2. c. 20 24 Geo. 2. c. 44 & 55.

26 Geo. 2. c. 14 (f 27.

27 Geo. 2. c. 16 (f 20.

1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

Churchwardens, C may purchase, 6c C Houses to lodge or employ the Poor in.

Poor refusing to be lodged, care not in titled to Relief.

One Parish, Sec being too small for such Purchase, two may unite. See,

Churchwardens, &c. of oneparish may contract with those of another, ca

Settlement to be as before Removal.

43 2

C 8.

Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Paving Taxes to the Scavenger, gains no Settlement.

s9w. 3. c. 39.

Justices of St. Peter ami Hundred of nafla borough in North amptonfiiirfe may determine Appeals.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord oneffiioufand seven hundred and twenty-three, no 'person

Settlement, how or persons shall be deemed, adjudged or taken, to acquire or gain any Settlement, in any Parish or Place, to be acquired for or by Virtue of any Purchase of any ellateor Interest in such Parish or Place, whereof the Confide

by Purchase. ration for such Purchase doth not amount to the Sum of thirty Pounds, bona side paid, for any longer or further Time than such Person or Persons shall inhabit, in such Estate, and shall then be liable to be removed to such Parish or Place where such Person or Persons were last legally settled, before the said.purchase and Inhabitancy therein.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, who from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall be taxed, rated or assessed to the.scavenger or Repairs of the Highway, and shall duly pay the same, shall be deemed or taken to have any legal Settlement in any City, Parish, Town ortham let, for or by Reason oiftlriis, her or their paying to such scavenger's Rate or Repairs of the Highway as aforesaid; Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas there was a clnufe in the Statute made in the eighth and ninth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the applying same Defects in the Lavy for the £ Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, whereby it was enacted, That after the first Day of May one thousand £ hundred ninety seven., all Appeals against any Order for the removing of any poor Persons, should £ heard at the Quarter sessions of the County or Division, wherein the Parish or Place from whenee £ such Person shoull be removed, doth lie, and nouelfewhere, except the Liberty of Saint Albans; '. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatjit shall and maybe lawful for the.justices of the Peace within the Liberty of the Borough of Saint Peter and hundred of Nassaborough in the County of Northampton, to hear and determine all Appeals to them made, against any Order made for Removal of any poor Person, in their Quarter sessions, as they might have done before the making of the said last mentioned Act; anything therein or in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas several Disputes and controversies.have arisen and been concerning the Time of £ Notice to be given of Appeals front Orders of Removals of poor Persons, To prevent the same, as much as may be for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, no Appeal or appeals.front any Order or Orders of Removal of any poor Person or Persons whatsoever tfroni any Parish or place to iwfoname No another, shall be proceeded upon in any court or Quarter sessions, unless reasonable Notice be given tice is to be given by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, who shall make such Appeal, ot Appeals. ulito the Churchwardens oroverseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place from which such poor Person or Persons shall be removed; the reasonableness of which Notice shall be determined by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions, to which the Appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them that reasonable Time of Notice was not given, then they shall adjourn the said. Appeal to the next Quarter sessions, and then and there finally.hear and determine the same.

IX. And for the preventing of vexatious Removals, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from, and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, if the Justices of the Peace shall, at their quarter sessions, 'upon an Appeal before them there had concerning the settlement of any poor Person, determine in favour of the Appellant, that such poor Person or Persons was or were unduly removed, that then the said Justices shall, at the same Quarter sessions, Order and Award to such Appellant so much Money as shall appear to the said Justices to have been teafonably paid by the Parish, or other Place, on whose Bihalf such Appeal was made for or towards the Relief of such poor Person or Persons, between the Time of such undue Removal, and the Determination of such Appeal; the said Money so awarded to be recovered in the same Manner, as Costs and Charges upon an Appeal ate prescribed to be recovered by the said Statute made in the ninth year of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for applying same Drfefts in the Laws for the.relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

17 Gto 2. i. 3, 57 & 38. and 31 Geo. 2. C it.

CAP. VIII.

"An Act for continuing some Jf aws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and upon Juries; and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamens Wages, and the Preservation of Naval Stores, and Stores of War; and concerning the Militia and Trophy money; and against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found, useful and beneficial) are near expiring or expired; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the frith and seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for exempting apothecaries.front, serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries, which Act by subsequent

Justices, how to relieve the Appellant on undue Removals

9 w 3 o.

lining Fcor farther CO. 2. C 2.3 CO. 2. C 29.

6 & 7 W. 3. C 4.

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 8. 433

sequent Acts is continued, and being temporary, 'and near expired, shall be and is hereby made perpetual.

II. And whereas in an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties 4 & 5 w. k at.

King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Reviving, Continuing and Explaining several ci 24-c Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near Expiring, there are several good Clauses and Provi

C fions relating to Jurors, which were made temporary, and were afterwards continued by subsequent Acts;

and the said Clauses and Provisions, as well as several other Clauses and Provisions, relating to the Rc ' turns and Service of Jurors, made in an Act of the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her late Ma j&^ana. c.is. ' jesty Queen Anne (for making perpetual an Act for more easy Recovery of small Tithes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,) are further continued by an Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of her said 10 Anne', 4'

late Majesty (For reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned) but being near expiring, 'Be } (jc0' it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Clauses and Provisions relating to Jurors, and to Vuclz. C r the Returns and Service of Jurors, shall be and are hereby continued, and shall be in Force from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the first Year of his present »cco. t.siar.s. majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Diffurbances by Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores C i belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his majesty's Stores of jvar, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamens iwages, and for reviving and continuing an Act for the more effectual Supprejfvm of Piracy, as to so much thereof as is expired,

shall be, and is hereby revived from the hve and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and made perpetual: And whereas by an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the 9*10 w 3*

Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the bn c. 4u ' bezilment of his Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and ylbujes in paying Seamens tvcgcs,

a Penalty of two hundred Pounds, with Costs of rrofecution and Pain of Imprisonment, is inflicted upon Persons having in their Custody, Pcffefiion or Keeping, or concealing contrary to the said Act,

1 any warlike, naval or ordnance Stores therein mentioned, or any other Stores marked with the Broad Arrow, by Stamp, Brand, or otherwise: whereas it is necessary to give Power to mitigate the said Penalties, and to explain and amend the said Act, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be lawfully convicted of having in his, her or their Custody, any Timber, Thick Stuff or Plank, marked with the Broad Arrow, by Stamp, Brand, or otherwise, or of concealing any Timber,

Thick Stuff or Plank so marked, every such Person so offending shall suffer, forfeit and pay, as for having, keeping or concealing any other warlike, naval or ordnance Stores contrary to the said Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Judge, Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of any of the Crimes or Offences before recited, enacted or mentioned in this Act, to mitigate the Penalty for the same, as he or they shall see Cause, and to commit the Offender or Offenders so convicted, to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment be made of the Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this or the said former Actor mitigated as aforesaid, or to punish such Offender or Offenders corporally, by causing him, her or them to be publicly whipped, or committed to some Public Workhouse, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Months, or a less Time, as to such Judge, Justice or Justices, in his or their Discretion shall seem meet; anything in the said recited Actor in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Dispute shall arise between the Persons, upon whole Informations or Oaths, any Person or Persons offending in the Premises, or against the said former Act,

shall be prosecuted and convicted, touching any Right or Title to any of the Forfeitures or Penalties before mentioned, or any Part thereof, the Judge, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall examine the Matter and finally determine the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the first Year of his 1 Oco. i.stat.si present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called Eng C i4'

land, more useful; and for obliging an annual Account to be made of Trophy money, which is expired, shall he and is hereby revived, and shall be in Force from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the i then next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

VII. And whereas the Muskets for Foot Soldiers in the Militia, are by the said recited Act prescribed 1 Geo. i.stat.2; ' to be five Foot long in the Barrel, and the Gauge of the Bore for Bullets of twelve to the Pound, but f kans, C 1 more convenient Muskets may in many Places be provided: ' Be it enacted, That it shall and may be n'c'o.

lawful for the several Lieutenants, and their Deputies, in that Part of Great Britain called England, o

appoint the Length and Size of Muskets for Foot Soldiers in the Militia; and in ease of such Appoint Geos. C 25. ment, the Muskets so to be appointed, shall be provided, instead of those before mentioned, with such 31 Ca. C 26. other Arms and Accoutrements, as are directed by the said Act, under the Penalties therein mentioned; 32<a", 2( of anything in the said Act or any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding. 53 f f z

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act "^fj IU ' againf clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the

Cufoms, several Clauses therein mentioned, were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years,

from the several Times of Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

Vol. V j k k 1 of

Sefl. 3. Set. 4.

Sea. 6.

Sea. 7.

Sea. 3.

Sea. 10.

Sea. 2.

Sea. 5.

Farther continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 47.' and again by 33 Geo. 2. c. 16.

8 Geo. .1. C 15. Tea. 3.

These two laflr Seasons are continued to June 1754- by 20 Geo. 2. c. 45.

This Clause is enforced by n Geo. 1. c. 29. set. 3.

See 1 Geo. 2. Stat, 2. C 17. sea. 10,

This Clause is enforced by 11 Geo. 1. c. 29, sea. 3.

Concerning Silks jee fattber I Geo. 2. c. 17. 23 Geo. 2. C9(Sf 20. 26 Geo. 2. c. 21.

3 & 2 Ph. & M. C 14.

Manufacturers of Stuffs to be made Fiecmen.

C 9. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

of Parliament respectively, which are near expiring, and it hath been found by Experience, that several

the said Clauses are necessary to be continued, to prevent Frauds, which might otherwise be practised to the Prejudice of the Revenue and fair Trade je it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act as relates to such foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Veiled, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship, veftei or Boat; and so much of the said Act as relates to the Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships, and so much of the said Act as provides further Remedies against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, and so much of the said Act as relates to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound, and so much of the said Act as relates to Hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tuns, or under, and so much of the said Act as concerns the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported, as was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and so much of the said Act as relates to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels, not containing twenty Gallons at the lead; which was to continue in Force for three Years from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and to the End of the then next hefiion of Parliament, and so much of the said Act as relates to Certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be continued and be in Force, and put in Practice for the Purposes therein mentioned, from and after the Expiration of the several and respective Terms before mentioned, for and during the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Sec 2 Geo. 2. c. 28.

IX. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty (for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned)

certain Allowances or Sums of Money are to be paid to the Exporters of Stuffs made in Great Britain,

or Silks and Grogram Yarn, and also of Silk Stuffs made in Great Britain, mixed with Incie, Cotton or Worsted, as in the said Act expressed; whereas it is by the said Act provided that no Allowance shall be demanded or made for such of the said Manufactures mixed with Silk, when they are only mixed at the Edges or Ends of the Piece, which is found by Experience, not sufficient to prevent Frauds and Abuses in making those Manufactures, by mixing Silk, not with any Design to advantage the Sale of the Goods, but with an Intention to obtain the Bounty or Allowance on the Exportation, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act To Remedy which Abuses, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the making any Allowance on the Exportation of any the Manufactures aforesaid, mixed with Siik, except such, wherein at lead two third Parts of the Ends or Threads of the Warp (by which is meant the Length of the Piece) be either ail Silk, or else mixed or twilled with Silk in the Warp; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be found to enter or ship any of the Goods aforementioned, which are not mixed with the Quantity of Silk as is before mentioned, such Person or Persons shall not only forfeit the Goods so entered or hipped, but shall likewise be prosecuted for double the Value thereof; such Seizure and Penalty to be prosecuted, determined and divided in such Manner as other Seizures or Penalties are in and by the said Act directed and appointed.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the better Qualifying the Manufacturers of Stuffs and Yarn in the City of Norwich, and Libefties thereof, to bear Offices of Magistracy in the said City, and for regulating Elections of such Officers.

4 w7 HPR E AS anciently the chief Manufactures in the City of Nonvich and County of the same, Vy were Ruffels, Sattens, Sattens Reverses and Fustians, and the Makers thereof were, by an Act made in the first and second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, obliged to become Freemen of the said City, upon Pain of Forfeiture of their Manufactures contrary to the said Act; by

Means whereof there was a constant Supply of able Magistrates, and great Good did accrue to the said City in many Respects; the said Manufactures having been, for several Years pall, disused, and others introduced in their Stead, the good Designs of the said Act for the public Utility of the said

are wholly lost, and the Offices of Magistracy there often fall to Persons who are not the chief Manufacturers, or the most substantial Inhabitants; and frequent Disorders happen in their Elections,

occasioning great Riots and Tumults: 'For Remedy of which Mischiefs and Inconveniences, and preventing the like for the Future; May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ail Persons who now are, or hereafter shall be Manufacturers or Makers of any Sort of Stuffs made of Wool, or wherein there is any Mixture of Wool, and all Makers of Wool into Yarn, who are. not Journeymen or Servants for Hire, Master Weavers and Master Wool combers, and Persons dealing or trading as such, or employing Servants or Journeymen in any such Manufactures, or having any Interest, Stock, Share or Partnership in any such Manufactures, inhabiting or living; in the said City of Norwich or county of the same, shall be made Free of the said City and admitted freemen thereof, as is herein

3 after

A.D. 1722. Anno 110110 Georgii Regis. C. 9. 435

after mentioned, (that is to say) All Persons inhabiting or living in the fair] City or County of the same as aforesaid, now being such Manufacturers or M a kefs of Stuffs, or Makers of Wool into Yarn, Matter Weavers, or Mailer Wool combers, or Dealers, or Traders as inch, or employing Servants or Workmen in any such Manufactures, or having any Interest, Stock, Share or Pattnership therein as aforesaid, shall, upon their Request to be made at any Court of Mayoralty, or act mbly of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens and Commonalty to be held for the said City, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be admitted and made Free of the said City, paying only one and twenty Shillings for such Admission and Freedom; and all Persons, who hereafter shall be such Manufacturers in Manner as aforesaid, and living or inhabiting as aforesaid, being Foreigners, shall, upon their Request to be made at any Act'embiy of the said Corporation to be held for the said City, he admitted and made Free of the said City, paying a Sum not exceeding five Pounds for such Admission and Freedom, and all Persons to be admitted or made free as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of Admission, take the usual Oaths, or being Quakers, shall take the solemn Affirmation to the effect thereof.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person (Servants and Apprentices during their Service excepted) who now is or hereafter shall be any such Manufacturer, Dealer or Trader, or otherwise concerned or interested in any of the said Manufactures as aforesaid, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, presume to use or exercise any of the said Manufactures, or be concerned or interested therein in Manner aforesaid, not being admitted and made free as aforesaid; Person so offending being lawfully convicted upon a Prosecution to be commenced within six Months after the fact committed, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every Ka d. afers herein lendar Month such Person shall so unlawfully use or exercise any of the said Manufactures, or be con n( bclns flcl> cerned or interested therein as aforesaid, contrary to this act, next after the third quarterly afi embly of what to luc' the said Corporation, which shall be held for the said City; the said Sum of ten Pounds to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be brought by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Use of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens and Commonalty of the said City, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no ell oin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

III. And for better qualifying Persons to bear Office's of Magistracy in the said City, and for regulating

such Elections, and preventing false and fictitious Polling the rein, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person elected to be Sheriff of the said City and County thereof, at any Court of Mayoralty to be held in any Year, between the twenty-fourth Day of June and the tenth Day of A aby 3 Geo. 2. gitjl following, shall within fourteen Days after Notice in Writing given to him of such Election, make C 8-

Oath, or being a ijiiaker, take his solemn Affirmation, that he is not at that Time worth two thousand appointed^ia '3 Pounds in the World, his Debts being paid, which Oath or Affirmation the Mayor of the said City for ul hereof?*the Time being, or any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised to administer, such

Oath or Affirmation being made at, or transmitted to some Court of Mayoralty of the said City, to be held within fourteen Days after such Notice, every such Person shall for that Time or Turn be excused Who to be ex the said Office of Sheriff gratis; and that fifty Pounds, and no more, shall be paid as a Fine by any Per cujei the soil so elected, for not serving the Office of Sheriff of the said City and County thereof, if such Person or shsr, lt shall make or transmit as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, his Oath, or being a Junker, his solemn Affirmation, that he is not at that Time worth three thousand Pounds in the World, his Debts being

paid; and that eighty Pounds, and no more, shall be paid as a Fine, by any Person of greater Ellate so

elected, for not serving the Office of Sheriff of the said City and County.

IV. Provided always, That no Person, worth two thousand Pounds and upwards, shall be discharged In what Manner,

from bearing the said Office of Sheriff by the Court of Mayoralty, for any longer Time than one Year, for wh.jt

without the Consent of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled;

and that no Person after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall in any fro^ bearinl" Year be excused or discharged from bearing the said Office of Sheriff', unless such Person shall have been the fa: d Office, first elected to such Office, and have Notice thereof as usual, between the twenty fourth Day of June and the tenth Day of August ensuing.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every election to be made in Time to What to be come, of any Mayor, Sheriff, Alderman or Common Council man, in or for the said City of Norwich, 0 "nn ele?lon the Mayor or other Officer or Officers presiding at such election, in case a Poll be demanded by any of n case^pon be the Candidates, or any three or more of the Electors, shall cause a regular Poll to be taken of the Voters, demanded, and shall appoint a convenient Number of Clerks to take the same, which Clerks shall take the said

Poll in the Presence of such Mayor, or other presiding Officer or Officers, or such as he or they, accords ing to the Charters and Usages of the said City shall depute; and before they begin to take the said Poll, every Clerk so appointed, shall, by the said Mayor or other presiding Officer or Officers, be sworn truly and indifferently to take the same Poll, and to set down the Name of each Voter, with his Addition and Place of Abode, and for whom he shall poll, and to poll no elector who is not sworn according to the Direction of this act; and every Person before he is admitted to poll at the same election, shall first take jthe Oath herein after mentioned, or being a Quaker, shall solemnly affirm the effect thereof, viz.

O U shall Swear, or being a Quaker, you shall solemnly Affirm, that you are a Freeman of the

__ City of Norwich; or in Case of cm elesiion for an Alderman or Common Council man, That you arc

an Inhabitant in the Ward, for which such election is made, and have not been polled at this election.'

Which

43^ C xo. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, or other presiding Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy

or Deputies, or such sworn Clerks by him or them appointed to take the said Poll as aforesaid, is and

are hereby authorised to administer; and at every such Election upon closing the Poll, the Number of Voters in each Poll shall be publicly proclaimed; and if a Scrutiny of any such Poll shall, within four and twenty Hours after closing the same, or Proclamation made thereof as aforesaid, be demanded by or on Behalf of any Candidate, or by any three or more of the Electors voting at such Election, such Scrutiny shall be proceeded in with Effect; and in order thereto the Mayor or other Officer or Officers presiding at such Eiedlion, shall, within seven Days after Demand thereof, deliver to the Person or Persons requiring such Scrutiny, or same of them, a true Copy of the Poll taken at such Election, paying only reasonably for writing the same, not exceeding the rate of sixpence for the Names and Additions of twenty Voters; and such Scrutiny shall begin within twelve days, and not in less than ten Days next after closing or finishing the Poll, and shall be publicly proceeded in at the Place of Election, or as near as conveniently may be, without any unnecessary Delay.

Mayors, C re

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Mayor, or other Officer or Officers presiding at any such fofuig to deliver Election, refufuig to deliver Copies of the Polls, being demanded as aforesaid, or wilfully offending in the Copies of Polls, premises, shall for every wilful Offence contrary to this Act, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to

oriei. 5001. the Party or Parties agrieved, together with Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint

or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to be brought or commenced within six Months after the Offence committed; and in any such Action or Suit, no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege or Imparlance shall be admitted or allowed.

VII. And whereas it hath sometimes happened, that upon the Death of an Alderman of the said City,

theeledtion of another in his Place hath been deferred for a long Time, to the great Prejudice of the Inhabitants of the said City Be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March

On Death, cone thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, upon the Death or Removal of any Alderman of the said new ma 0rt' "be > The Mayor, or his Deputy appointed by him, shall within the Space of five Days at the longest, chosertwitliin anc not f°°ner than two Days after such Death or Removal shall happen (and the said Mayor or his De

five Days." puty have Notice thereof) proceed to the Election of a new Alderman, giving first to the Freemen of the

Ward, for which the Election is to be made, twenty-four Hours Notice at least, before such Election shall begin: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Limits of the Palace of the Bishop of Norwich, or the Precincts of the Cathedral Church of Norwich.

This a public

VIII. And be it enacted that this Act shall in all Courts and Places be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices and others, are to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X

An Act for Clearing, Depthning, Repairing, Extending, Maintaining and Improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for Depthning and making more Navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for Preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven, from Accidents by Fire.

WHEREAS the ancient Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, bordering upon the Sea, hath by long Experience been found to be of great Importance, for advancing his Majesty's Service and Revenue, Trade in general, more especially the Fishery, and for breeding and em ploying many thousands of skilful Mariners and Seamen: And whereas the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Borough, have been, and still continue obstructed by Sands thrown up by the Sea in such sort, e as the Benefit accrewing thereby muss be wholly lost, if not timely prevented and preserved by Clear ing, Repairing and Maintaining the same; the great and unavoidable Charge whereof being insupport able by the Inhabitants of the said Borough, they the said Inhabitants, from time to time, have been aided and relieved by several successive Acts of Parliament: And whereas the Powers and Authorities of

20 & 11 w. C the Eft Act, made and ordained for and concerning the said Haven and Piers in the tenth and eleventh C j. ' Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (of glorious Memory) are determined and

expired, and, unless renewed and continued, the great Sums of Money already expended and laid out in and about the said Haven and Piers, pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, will prove useless

ineffectual, and the said Haven and Piers muff inevitably fall soon into irreparable Decay, and the Harbour, so beneficial, become inaccessible, to the great Detriment of his Majesty and his Kingdoms,

Trade in general, utter Ruin and Impoverishment of the said Inhabitants and adjacent Counties: For preventing whereof, and to the End the said Haven and Piers, and the Jettees on the north side thereof may be cleared, depthned, repaired, extended, maintained and improved, and the Channel of that 1 Part of the River Tare, leading from Great Yarmouth to Norwich aforesaid, called Braydon, and so much of the said River Yare as lies between the new Mills in Norwich and hardy cross in Hardly, in the County of Norfolk; and also the Rivers Waveney and Bure, commonly called the North River, which empty themselves at the said Town of Yarmouth, be depthned and made more navigable for Boats and Keels usually passing the same, and Timber and other Materials for that Purpose provided and furnished,

from time to time, as Occasion shall requirebs it enacted, C "

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 11, 12. 437

From the 25th of March 17z3, for twenty-three Yetfrs, and to the End of the next Session of Parlia Revived fcrz ment, there shall] be paid by every Matter of any Ship unlading within the Haven of Great Yarmouth or b 20, "in Yarmouth road, from the South Part of Scratby in Norfolk to the North Part of Gorton in Suffolk, for ot0'2'c' '|0'

"every Chalder of Coals, Winchester Measure, Latt of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt or other Gin, and for every Weigh of Salt, and for every Tun of other Goods (Fish excepted) such Sums of Money,

"not exceeding twelve Pence, as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses and Commonalty of the Borough of "Great Yarmouth in Common Council shall appoint, viz. 6d. for clearing and improving the Haven,

"Piers, and Jettees; one Penny Halfpenny to the Chamberlain of Norwich for clearing and depibning the Channel of the River Yare, between the new Mills in Norwich and Hardly croft; one hali pcmiy 1 "to Persons yearly named by the Quarter sessions at the Castle at Norwich, for eleaiini and depthning £' the North river; one plalf penny to Persons yearly named at the Quarter sessions at Beetles, for clear "and depthning the River jvavcney; one halfpenny unto such as the Mayor, csc. of Yarmouth, in "Common Council shall appoint, for repairing the Bridge and the Keys; and threepence for clearing "and depthning the Channel of the River Yare, called Braydon. Twelve Commissioners appointed to! "inspect Accounts, &c. Fish, Oil, &c. exempt from Payment of Duty." P R. and

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull in Dunfable in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shajford house in the County of Hertford.

The Toll granted by this Act is to have Continuance from 1 June 1723, for 21 Years. [Farther con ' 3 Geo. 2. en

tinued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 10,] P R. io Geo. 2, cz.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the more easy Assigning or Transferring certain redeemable Annuities, payable at the Exchequer, by Endorsemencs on the Handing Orders for the same.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament of the sixth year of his present Majesty's Reign, 6 Geo. 1. C n,

(for laying a Duty on wrought Plate, and other Purposes therein mentioned) amongst other Things it was enacted, That the Contributors for the Purchase of the Annuities thereby directed to be sold, should, upon Payment of their whole Purchase money, have Orders for the Payment of their said Annuities, until Redemption thereof by Parliament: And whereas by another Act of Parliament of the 6 Geo. 1. c. 17, ' said sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing commissioner.s to examine,

fate and determine the Debts due to the Army, and to examine and fate the Demands of several foreign Princes and States, for Subsidies during the late War; and also in and by another Act of Parliament of the seventh 7cfc i Stat. i 4 Year of his said majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, flats and dec, $°- termine the Debts due to the Army, amongst other Things it was enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury should be empowered to issue standing Orders for paying at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Annuities for the Principal Sums contained in the Debentures by the said two last mentioned Adds respectively directed to be made forth: And whereas by another Aidd of Parliament of the go. ic,

eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (For paying off and cancelling one million of Exchequer f'

Bills, and other Purposes therein mentioned) amongst other Things it was enacted, That the Commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury should be empowered to issue standing Orders for paying at the Receipt of Exchequer, the Annuities for the Principal Sums contained in the Debentures therein re cited to have been made forth for the Sufferers at Nevis and Saint Christophers; and by the said several Adds it was enacted, That the said several Annuities should be deemed to be personal Estates, and the respective Proprietors thereof should have Power to assign or devise his or their Estate of and in any such Annuity, or any Part thereof, and so toties quoties; and that no such Alignment should be revocable, so.

as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will should be made in Books kept for that Purpose, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, within three Months after such Assign mentor Death of the Devisor; that upon producing such Alignment or Will, or Probate thereof,

in the said Office of Receipt to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing t'ne same, should bring therewith an Affidavit, taken before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the said Assignment or Will; which Affidavits should be severally filed in the said Office, as by the said Acts of Parliament (Relation to them respectively being had) more fully may appear: And whereas the Method prescribed by the said Acts for assigning the said Annuities, and producing therewith Affidavits taken before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of such Assignments, is found to be chargeable, troublesome and inconvenient to the Proprietors thereof, and tis doubted whe there Assignments by Endorsements on such Orders are good and available in Law; which has occasioned large Discounts^ thereon, to the Prejudice of publick Credit: 'For'remedy thereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem Assignments may poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the be made by ik respective Proprietors of the said standing Orders, made forth or to be made forth, in Pursuance of the dorfciiunt cache laid Acts, or anyor either of them, shall or may from time to time, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed on his, her or their Order, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order or Orders to any other Person or Persons; which being notified in the Office of Auditor

438 C 12. - Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

for of Receipt aforesaid, the Officers there shall, without producing such Affidavit as aforesaid, cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the Book of Registry for such Orders, without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry made, such Alignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Adit inistrators, Successors or Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who have or hath made such Assignments, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof; anything in the said former Acts, or any or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

IE And forasmuch as it may happen, That several of the said Orders, which at first were made out for final] Sums, may in Time come into the Hands of one and the fan e Person, who may be willing and desirous to have several of the said Orders for small Sums exchanged for, and turned into one or more Order or Orders for larger Sums, which may be an Ease and Convenience, not only to the Owners of such Orders for final] Sums, but also to the Officers of the Exchequer, in the Payment thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for Oidets for small the Time being, may (if he or they shall so think fit) direct the turning several Orders for small Sums fumeatoor ^ve ^lun^rec^ Pounds principal Money apiece, or under, into one or more Order or Orders for larger ders for »reater. Slims, and may cause to be made forth and signed new landing Orders accordingly, for and in Lieu of such Orders for small Sums; in which Case the said former Orders for small Sums, so to be turned into an Order or Orders for larger Sums, shall be delivered up and cancelled; and the said new Order or Orders, to be made out in Lieu thereof, shall be made payable to the Person or Persons, who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Orders for small Sums so delivered up and cancelled at the I Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid: the said Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid shall constantly take Care, on the making of such new Orders, not to mix any Order or Orders made out in Pursuance of any one of the said Acts of Parliament, with any Order or Orders made out in Pursuance of any other of the said Acts of Parliament, to prevent any Confusion in the Accounts to be kept thereof; and that such Entries and Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being made out in Lieu of such Orders for small Sums delivered up and cancelled, and as may secure the Public against any double Payment, for or by Reason of the making out or iiluing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

New Orders may be made out in )Lieu of such as ars defaced, C

Counterfeiting Orders, x7elony.

III. And whereas it may so happen in Process of Time, that several of the said landing Orders may become defaced, obliterated or incumbred with many Assignments endorsed thereon, and by Reason thereof, or some other Defects therein, it may become necessary that the said defaced, obliterated, in cumbred or otherwise defective Orders should be taken in and cancelled, and new Orders made forth and delivered to the Owners and Proprietors of the Orders so to be cancelled in Lieu thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any of the said Cases any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, may (if he or they shall so think fit) from time to time cause to be made forth new landing Orders for and in Lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbred, or otherwise defective Orders, so as such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Order or Orders be at the same Time delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in Lieu thereof, he made payable to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so delivered up and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid shall always take Care, that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being made out in Lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Public against any double Payment, for or by Reason of the making out or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And for the preventing all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said Handing Orders, or any Assignments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due thereon; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the second Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Order or Orders made forth or to be made forth in Pursuance of any the before mentioned Acts, or of this present Act, or any Assignment or Assignments of such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or of any Receiptor Discharge to the Exchequer for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such landing Order or Orders, or of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument to transfer, assign, alien or convey any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully Act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders in' or to any such pretended Assignment, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by Virtue of any such forged or counterfeited Receipt, Letter of Attorney, in strument or Authority, or final falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any the said Order or Orders, and thereby assigning or endeavouring to assign any of the said Order or Orders, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietors, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof;, then and in every or any such Case, all and every

r,

439

A.D. 1722. Anno aono Georgii Regis. ct, 14.

jch Person and Persons (being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law) shall be adjudged guilty f Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horseshoe house, in the Parish of Stoke Ooldington in the County of Bucks, awl the Town Northampton; for repairing the Road from the North bridge Newport Ptgnel in the County of Bucks, to the said Horseshoe house.

ay this Act the Toll granted by the private Act S Ann. C 2. which commenced from 1 April 1710. and vas to have Continuance for 21 Years, is farther continued from t May 1723, for the Term of fifteen Fears. [Farther continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 6.]

PR.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, (for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty port Customs there) and for making the said Act more effectual.

WHEREAS the City of Edinburgh, being the Metropolis and Seat of the Government of scot f land, was thereby subject to all the Alterations and Changes of the State; and whereas the said City hath, ever since the Reformation, been remarkably zealous in supporting and defending the i' Protestant interest, and thereby, and by other inavoidable Occasions, was involved in very confiuera ble Debts, far exceeding what the common Revenue of the said Town could discharge; therefore to This al CX ' enable them to pay off these Debts, and for other Purposes, an Act was past in the Parliament of Scot plained by j Geo. ' land of the thirteenth of June one thousand six hundred and ninety three, giving to the said Town of J: stat C t" i' Edinburgh, and Community thereof, and to the Magistrates and Town council of the same, and their nu^by^ Geo. ' Successors in Office, for their Use and Betioof, an Imposition of two Pennies Scots (over and above the zfc King's annexed Excise, and additional Excise imposed in that Session of Parliament) upon the Pint of P all Ale and Beer, either brewed, brought in or vended, tapped, and sold within the said Town and Sub ' urbs, and Liberties thereof, viz. canon gate, South and North Leith, jvejlport, Pctterow and P leaf ants,

and the other Pertinents, to be paid to the said Town, Magistrates and Council thereof, by the Brewers, Venders, Sellers and Tapsters of the said Ale or Beer, during the Space of fifteen Years and further,

not exceeding the Space of thirty Years, commencing from the nrft of July one thousand six hundred and ninety three, to be paid, uplifted and collected weekly, monthly and quarterly or otherwise, as the Magistrates and Twon council should think fit to prescribe and order; excepting only from the said Act all such Ale and Beer, as should be brewed in the Country without the Liberties of the said City,

1 by Heritors or Proprietors on their own Lands, and brought in by them (during the Time they aftu ally inhabited in the said Town) to be consumed and made use of for their own Use and the Use of their Families only; and also excepting all Ale and Beer vended within the Precincts of Holyrood House and Castle of Edinburgh from the said Impositions: And whereas since the Union there hath been a gra dual, but very sensible Decrease and Decay of the Revenues of the said City, and that several of their public Works, which were highly necessary to be carried on and finished for the Service of the said City, had been very much neglected, and could not be carried on without a considerable Sum of Mo ' ney: And whereas the said City was so far from being able, at their own Expense, and out of their proper Revenues, to carry on and finifti the same, that the Debts owing by them were confidently ini' ereased, partly occasioned by the late unnatural Rebellion; therefore by an Act of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth 3 Cco r C 5 ' Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that jbah be vended or sold within the City ofea in; ' burgh, and Pi ivileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City; and for discontinuing the Payment of the Dues commonly called the Petty port Custoras at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of this Aci, the said Duty and Duties so imposed by the before recited Act of the Parliament of Scotland are further continued and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates and Council of the said City of Edinburgh for the Time be ing, and their Successors, for the Use and Behoof of the said Town, for and during the full Term of nineteen Years, to be collected and levied in the same Manner, as the same was, by the said Act of Parliament in Scotland, limited and appointed, and the Money arising thereby was directed to be applied and disposed of to the Uses following, viz. for renewing the Water pipes, and helping the Conduits, which carry Water to the Town, for enlarging the Plarbour and deepning the Channel of Leith, for building a: ' new, Key at Leith, for settling an annual Fund of three hundred Pounds towards employing and maintain j ing the Poor of Edinburgh and adjacent Counties, from and after the first oijuly one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, for settling a Salary on the Profeifor of Law in the University of Edinburgh, and his Successors in Office, not exceeding one hundred poundsannum, commencing from the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, for rebuilding the City walls, and causeying the Highways leading to the said City, for building two new Churches, and settling Stipends for the Ministers thereof, and for two French Ministers, for paying and applying four hundred and fifty-two Pounds

44° C 14. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

annually, in Aid of the Deficiency of the present ordinary Revenue of the Town, and for Payment of the whole Debts of the said City, that should be due and owing on the first of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, other than the Debts provided for and to be discharged by the Duty arising by the Act of Parliament of Scotland, with a Power to the said Magistrates and Council of the said City, to borrow Money for the better enabling them to carrry on the several Purposes in the said Act menti oned, and for securing the Repayment thereof, to assign over the said Duty or any Part thereof, for e the Whole or Part of the Term by the said Act granted: And whereas the Magistrates and Council of the said City, agreeable to the said last recited Act of Parliament, have at very great Expense collected the Springs, renewed the Pipes which convey Water to the Town, rebuilt the Fountains in the High Street, in the most approved and advantageous Manner, have begun to enlarge the Harbour of Leith,

5 and deepen its Channel, have built six hundred Foot of a Key there, of very sufficient Workmanship,

have built one of the two new Churches, have made a large provision of Causey stones, and other Ma ' tcrials for paving their whole High streets and Ways leading to their City, have made a good Highway k from their City to their Port oi Leith, have built and repaired a large House, for accommodating the Poor to be employed in Manufacture; for performing whereof, and for Payment of the Interest of their Capital Debts due on the said first of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and for satisfying the other annual Payments directed by the said last recited Act of Parliament as aforesaid, they have borrowed Money: And whereas though all the Money borrowed upon the Security of the said Grant,

has been duly and regularly applied to the several Uses, Intents and Purposes in the said last recited Act 3 C L C 5- mentioned and directed, yet the same, with what further the said Grant for the Term aforesaid may pro duce, will not be sufficient to answer the said Purposes, and enable the said Magistrates and Council to carry on and fmish the said Designs to Perfection; so that unless the said Duty is further continued in order to raise more Money, great Part of what has already been laid out will be entirely lost, and the Intention of the said last recited Act in a great Measure frustrated, which would be a very great Preju dice to the whole united Kingdom: And whereas it will be greatly for the Interest of the said City and adjacent Country, that not only the several Dcjrgns already begun, be carried on and finished, but that the several other Purposes herein before mentioned, be carried on and finished, which would not only be of great Service for beautifying and for the Ornament of the said City, but will contribute much to the Preservation of the Health of the Inhabitants, and otherways be of great Advantage: And whereas it is impracticable either to finish what is already begun, or carry on these other advantageous Views and Purposes now intended, but by continuing the Payment of the said Duty for a longer Term: And 1 whereas a great many Brewers have of late retired out of the city's Liberties, and erected Breweries in the Confines thereof, in order to elude the Payment of this Duty, and to the great Prejudice of the City otherways: And whereas for the Encouragement of Breweries within the said City of Edinburgh, and preserving an Equality of Trade betwixt the Brewers in the said City and the Brewers in some of the adjacent Parishes, and to prevent Frauds by importing Ale brewed in the said adjacent Parishes without paying the said Duty, it will be necessary to extend the said Duties, and subject the several Brewers within the Parishes of Saint Cuthberts the Canon gate, and South and North Leith, to the Payment of the like Duties, as the Brewers within the said City and Suburbs thereof: Wherefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Provost, Magistrates and Council of the said City of Edinburgh,

in Behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City, and the Heritors and Freeholders of the Shire of Edinburgh, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such and the like Rates, Duties and Impositions, as are by the said last in Part recited Act of Par

3 Geo. 1. c. 5. Lament of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, laid, granted and imposed upon all Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped or sold, within the said City of Edinburgh, Suburbs and Liberties thereof, hall, from and after the Commencement of the said Term by the said Act granted, be raised, levied, collected, paid and made payable to the said Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh for the Time being, and their Successors, for the use and Behoof of the said Town, upon all all Ale and Beer and Beer brewed, brought in for Sale, tapped or sold within all or any of the said Parishes of Saint in St, Cuthberts Cuthberts, Canon gate, South and North Leith, for and during the Space and Term of nineteen Years by and ciiion gate. the said last mentioned Act granted; and that the same be levied, collected and paid, by the same Means and Methods, and by and under such Rules and Directions, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed, mentioned and expressed in the said recited Acts of Parliament, for levying, raising and paying the same within the said City of Edinburgh and Suburbs thereof, in as full and ample Manner, as if the said Parishes had been by the said Act particularly subjected to the Payment thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such and the like Rates, Duties and Impositions, as are by the said Act of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, laid, granted and imposed upon all Ale and Beer brewed, brought in for Sale, vended, tapped or sold, within the said City of Edinburgh, Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term by the Such Duties pay said Act granted, be further continued, raised, levied and collected, and payable to the Provost, magi alte 10 the 1'ro strates and Council of the said City of Edinburgh for the Time being, and their Successors, for the.use volt ot Edm and Behoof of the said City, upon all Ale brewed, brought in, tapped or sold, within the said City of lor Edinburgh, the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and likewise for all Ale and Beer brewed brought in, tap '"cuiufnusd by p d or sold, within all or any of the said Parishes of Saint Cuthberts, Canon gate, South and North Leith,

15 Geo. 2. C for and during the Space and Term of nineteen Years more; and that the same shall be levied and paid by

1 the

A.D. 1722; all110 nono Georgii Regis. C 14.. 441

she same Means and Methods, and by and under such Rules and Directions, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures and Powers, as are prescribed, mentioned and express eil in the Acts of Parliament aforesaid; and that both the said Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, and the Act made in the third, Geo. i. C 5. Year of his Majesty's Reign, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, J shall be of full Force and ed eci to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly and at large exploded, repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act, for the lnore.eilectual levying and raising Payment of the said Duty and Duties within the said City of Edinburgh and Liberties and Suburbs thereof, and within the said Parishes of Saint Cuthbert's, Canon gate, South and North Leith, for and during the said new and additional Term of nineteen Years hereby granted, and to and for the several purposes and Intents in the said Acts or either of them particularly mentioned, except in so far as is hereby altered and varied.,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That what Money (Trail be due and payable by Virtue of this at, and what shall arise by the said Duty during both the said Terms of thirty-eight Years granted by this and the said former Act, shall be applied, disbursed, laid out and disposed of, to and for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein after declared (the rea Money payable sonable Charges expended or to be expended in or about, or by Reason of passing this Act of Parliament by <tm Act, how being fird deducted) as the same shall be dated and allowed by the Overseers after named, or the Majority to beapphed. of them present, at one of their General Meetings under mentioned: And the said Magistrates and Council of the said City are hereby empowered and authorised to apply, lay out and dispose of the same, to and for the Intents and Purposes herein after mentioned, videlicet, for distributing the Water brought or to be brought into the said City, in such Way and Manner, as may be most for the Public Ule and Conveniency of the said City and the Inhabitants thereof, for (Applying the Canon gate, South and North Leith with Tv ater, for fuddling and completing the said Harbour or Pier of Leith., for causeying or laying with Free Stones (in such Places where it may be found proper and necessary) the High Streets,

Areas, Courts or Squares, Lanes and By streets that are or shall be within the said cjity, with the Highways and Avenues leading to and from the same, for repairing the City Walls, for building another of the new Churches directed by the former Act to be built, for satisfying the respective annual Payments appointed by the said recited Act of Parliament of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, videlicet, for maintaining and employing the Poor, for Payment of the Miniders Stipends, for Payment of the Sum granted in Aid of the Deficiency of the town's Revenue, for Payment of the Professor of the Civil Law his Salary; and also for and towards Payment of a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling annually and every Year, to be applied by the Magistrates and Council of the said City, for and towards the Relief of such of the poorer Sort of the Inhabitants of the said City, as are or ought to be taxed for the maintaining and paying of the Guard of the said City, at or below the Rate of four Pounds Scots each, in such Way and Manner, as to the said Magistrates and Council shall seem most jud and equitable; which said Sum of five hundred Pounds is hereby enacted to commence, grow due and be payable from and after the fird Day of 'july one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and the fird half year's Moiety to be payable the fird Day of January thereafter; and likewise that the said Duty and Money aiifing thereby shall be applied and laid out, for and towards narrowing the noxious Lake on the north side of the said City commonly called the North Lock, into a Canal of running Water, and making a Communication Street or Way to the Fields and Grounds belonging to the said City, on the north side thereof, and for purchasing such Houses and Grounds, as shall be by the said Magistrates and Council with the Approbation of the Overseers judged proper and necessary to be bought and purchased for making the said Street or Communication Way betwixt the said City and the said Fields on the north side thereof, and likewise for purchasing such Houses and Grounds, as may be thought proper and necessary as aforesaid, for making a convenient Area for building the said new Church, and for building a proper Flail or other Conveniences, for accommodating the Court of Judiciary, and what Conveniences may be found necessary for accommodating the other Courts of Justice, that meet in the said City, and the Offices thereunto belonging, a Hall or convenient Place for keeping the Records under the Charge of the Lord Regider of Scotland, convenient Offices for lodging the Records, Writs, Securities and indru ments, which are under the Care of the several Clerks of Session, the Clerks of Judiciary, and commission for Valuation of Tiends, the Clerks of the said City, the Sheriff' and Commiflar Clerks of Edinburgh, the Keepers of the Signet, Chancery, Privy Seal, Great Seal, General Regider of Safins, General Regider of Hornings and Inhibitions, for Payment of a Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds yearly, to The Sum of a Professor of Universal Civil Hidory, Greek and Roman Antiquities in the said Univerdty, and for Pay 1001. payable to ment of a Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds yearly, to a Professor of Scots Law, both to commence a.professor of eland grow due from the fird of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; which two Professions vllh story, cof Universal Civil Hidory, Greek and Roman Antiquities, and of Scots Law, the Magistrates and Council, of the said City are and shall be authorised and empowered to inditute and edabiifli, and to nominate and appoint the fird Profedors, who shall enjoy the said Salaries, and be indituted to the whole Privileges and Immunities, that the other Profedors of the said Univerdty enjoy and are entitled to.

IV. And to the End that these Professions may be in Time coming always supplied with proper and qualified Persons, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Vacancies who to supply hall happen in any of the said Professions, that the Faculty of Advocates shall nominate and present two Vacancies in the Persons, whom they shall judge qualified for supplying such vacant Profession, to the said Magistrates Professions. and Council, and that the said Magistrates and Council shall admit and appoint 011c of the two Persons 'so nominated and presented to supply the Vacancy.

442

What Powers to be enjoyed by the profeitor of Civil Law,

Matters teaching other liberal Arts, to be provided for.

Duties how to be levied.

What Brewers ate fuhjetst to tl Jurisdiction of the City.

C 14. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

V. And whereas it hath been found useful and necessary to institute a profeitor of Civil Law in the Paid University, for whom a Salary is provided by this and the other in Part recited Act of Parliament; ' Be it further enacted, That the said profeitor, and his s'liccessors in Office, shall enjoy the same Powers, Privileges and Immunities, with the other professors in the said University, and that when and as often as any Vacancy shall happen in that Office, the same shall be supplied in the same Way and Manner, as is before cirefled concerning the professors of Universal Civil History, Greek and Roman Antiquities, and of Scots Law. For Payment of forty-four Pounds ten Shillings annually to Ministers of South Leith, to be proportioned betwixt them at the Sight of the Overseersj so as to make their Stipends equal, and for Payment of thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence annually to the Treasurer of the Canon gate, for Payment of an additional Stipend to their Ministers, to be proportioned betwixt them at the Sight of the Overseers, so as to make them equal; both to commence and grow due from the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the first Moiety thereof payable the eleventh of November following, and for paying what other Salaries shall be found necessary by the Magistrates and Council, with the Consent of the Overseers, for Matters and Profellbrs to be instituted and appointed, with the Consent of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to teach other Liberal Arts and Sciences in the said University, and Exercises in the said City: For Payment of the Sum of fifty Pounds yearly, additional Salary to the profeitor of Divinity in the College of Edinburgh, and his Successors in Office, to commence and grow due from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the first Moiety thereof payable the first Day of January following: And for making and paying Augmentations of Salaries to other professors already established, and not diffidently provided for: And for Payment of the Interest of the whole Capital Debt due by the said City, which hath been borrowed in Pursuance of the said in Part recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty, or hath been enlisted amongst the Debts of the said City, with the Approbation of the Overseers, as a Charge upon the Duty thereby continued, or which may be borrowed on or before the first Day of July next, with the Approbation of the said Overseers, or which may be borrowed in Pursuance of the Powers given by this present Act: And for defraying the Charges that shall be approved of by the Overseers for collecting and applying of this Duty, and other necessary incident Charges concerning the same, and for paying off the frtid Capital Debt of the said City; and if any more Money shall arise by the Imposition hereby granted and continued, than shall be found necessary to pay off all the said Debts, and discharge the annual Payments, and execute the Purposes that remain to be completed as aforesaid, that Overplus Money shall be and is hereby directed to be laid out and applied for carrying on such public Works as shall be found necessary and useful for the Service of the said City, as the same shall be settled and agreed upon by the Magistrates and Council thereof, and by the Overseers, to whom the same shall be proposed, at one of their four Meetings herein after mentioned and appointed; it being always hereby declared, that any Proposal so to be made, shall not be approved by them, or any Directions given about the same, until there be another Meeting, and the same Proposals by them in such subsequent Meeting considered and approved of, and then and not till then, Direction shall be given for the Execution thereof.

CVI. And for the better explaining and establishing the Way and Manner of levying the said Duty and Imposition within the said City of Edinburgh, Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and within the said Paroches of Saint cuthbert's, Canon gate, South and North Leith, with their and every of their Appur tenances, and for avoiding the Multiplicity of Oaths, and keeping an Equality among the Brewers,

and preventing their being over charged Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty and Imposition shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in the same Way and Manner, as his Majesty's Excise is now raised and levied within the said City and Liberties thereof, and the Charges made by his Majesty's Officers for levying and coliefling of such Excise, or an Abstract thereof, under the Hand of the Accomptant for the Edinburgh Brewery for the Time "being, shall and are hereby declared to be the Rule for levying and collecting the said Duty and Imposition hereby granted: Provided always, That the said Magistrates and Council for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby impow ered and required to make to the said several and respective Brewers as aforesaid, in collecting the said Duty or Imposition hereby granted, the several Allowances, Discounts and Mitigations which are now made to the said Brewers by the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, cr their Officers thereto duly authorised; the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, are hereby authorised, di refled and required to appoint their proper Officer or Officers, or the said Accomptant for the Edinburgh Brewery, from Time to Time, and so often as the same shall be delircd by the said Magistrates of the said City, or their Collector or colleaors, true and exafl Copies or A'oftrafls attested and signed by the said proper Officer or Officers or Accomptant, of the several and respective Charges given up by the said Officers of Excise, upon the several and respective Brewers hereby subject to and made liable in Payment of the said Duty and Imposition, and that without any Fee or p^eward; and that the said Charges given up, from time to time, by the said Officers of Excise as aforesaid, shall be the only Rule and Method of charging the said several Brewers in Payment of the said Duty.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Brewers only as shall live and reside within the said City and Liberties thereof, shall, by Virtue hereof, and on Account of the Premises, be subject to the Jurisdiction of the said City; and that such of the said Brewers who shall live without the said City and Liberties thereof, shall, after Commencement of the said Duty, and during the Continuance thereof, be and continue to be subject to all Suits and Processes, which may happen concerning the said Duty and Imposition, to such Judge or Judges only, who, before the making this Act, were competent and proper to determine in any Suits against the said Brewers;

44-3

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 14.

and the porms and Methods of proceeding in such Suits and proccftes shall be in the same Manner, as by the in Part recited al of the Parliament of Scotland is mentioned and directed.

VIII. And whereas the present Magistrates and Council of the said City have, in Behalf of the said City, entered into Bonds of Arbitration for making such reasonable Satisfaction to such Proprietors of the said Parishes of Saint Cuthbert's, Canon gate, South and North Leith, as shall fuftuin any Damages by Reason of extending the said Duty or Imposition, and subjecting the Ale and Beer brewed, brought' in, and sold within their respective Properties in the said respective Parishes, to the Payment of the said Duty, as shall be awarded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Dalhoufie, James Erskine of Grange and David Erskine of Dun, Esquires, two of the Senators of the College of Justice, and Sir John Clark of Pennycook, Baronet, and George Dalrymple of Dalmahoy, Esquire, two of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland: And whereas the said Magistrates and Council are not otherwise able to perform the said En ' gagements on their Part, but by the Application of some Part of the Money which shall arise by this Duty or Imposition, for and towards the Satisfaction of such Damages as shall be so awarded, and it being just and reasonable such Satisfaction Should be made out of the said Money, and that some Part thereof Should be so applied Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates of the said City for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered and required, by and out of the Money arising by and from the said Duty or Imposition hereby granted and continued, to make such Satisfaction to such Proprietors as aforesaid, and for Performance of the said Engagements by the said Magistrates and Council of the said City for that Purpose entered into, as the same shall be awarded by the said Arbiters, or any three or more of them, on or before the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; anything in this or any other Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas all the Proprietors of the said Parishes of Saint Cuthbert's, Canon gate, South and North Leith have not entered into the said Bonds of Arbitration, and that nevertheless it is reasonable they Should receive Satisfaction for the Damages they may sustain by subjecting the Ale and Beer brewed, brought in and sold within their Properties to the said Duty and Imposition Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Proprietor of the said Parishes, Brewers excepted, who hath not as yet entered into any Bond of Arbitration with the Magistrates and Council of the said City, for the End and Purpose abovementioned, shall be at Liberty by any Writing under his Hand lawfully executed (Notice thereof being given to the Lord Provost of Edinburgh, or any of the Bailies, on or oefore the first Day of May next) to submitand refer his Claim of Damage on the Account aforesaid, to the Arbitrators before mentioned, and that in case of his so doing, he shall and is hereby appointed to receive Satisfaction for such Damage, in the same Manner as if he had been originally a Party in the said Bonds of Arbitration: And whereas it will extremely conduce towards the better carrying on the several Designs mentioned, that the said Magistrates and Council of the said City, Should purchase the Property and Superiority of the Lands and Mills herein after mentioned, videlicet, The Property of the Caltoun Hill and Leith Mills, and the Superiority of the Caltoun and of the Back of the Canongate; whereas the said Magistrates have entered into an Agreement to purchase the same from the Right Honourable the Lord Balmerenocb Proprietor thereof, and in order to aajuft the Price of the same, have entered into a sub million to Jeunes Erskine of Grange, and David Erskine of Dun, two of the Senators of the College of justice to determine the same; and whereas the said Magistrates and Council are not able to pay the Price of the said Premises, otherways than by Application of some Part of the Money which shall arise by this Duty or Imposition; it being greatly for the Interest of the said City, that the said Purchase be made, and it being just the Price thereof Should be paid out of the Money arising out of the said Duty, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates and Council of the said City far the Time being, and they are hereby empowered, authorised and required, by and out of Money arising by and from the said Duty or Imposition hereby granted and continued, to pay and satisfy to the said Lord Balmerenocb, or other Persons interested therein, such Sum or Sums of Money as and for the Purchase of the said Lands and Mills as aforesaid, as the same shall be awarded and determined by the said James Erskine of Grange, and David Erskine of Dun, so as, the said Award or Determination be made on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; anything in this or any other Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, That the said Awards and Determinations to be given by the said James Erskine of Grange, and David Erskine of Dun, and by the said Earl of Dalhouftt, said James Erskine of Grange, David Erskine of Dun, Sir John Clark of Pennycook, and George Dalrymple of Dalmahoy, or any three of them, in the several Cases, and in Pursuance of the several Bonds of Arbitration before recited, and the Sums to be by them awarded, in all and each of the several before recited Cases, shall be approved of by the said Overseers, and that the Sums so by them to be awarded, shall only be a Charge upon the Duties arising by this and the before recited Acts of Parliament, in so far, as the same shall be approved of by the said Overseers at one of their General Meetings, and such Approbation recorded in their Books.

XI. Provided also, That the Bonds of Arbitration before recited, and the Awards to follow upon them, shall be no ways binding or obligatory upon the Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, or any Parties Submitters therein, further than the same Awards and Sums to be awarded, shall be approved of by the said Overseers in Manner before directed; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas for the better and more advantageous carrying on the several Purposes herein be sore n entioned, particularly for building a proper Place for keeping the public Records, and for ma king a new Area for the Church hereby directed to be built, and for making a Communication street to

Ills the

Proprietors of the Parishes of St. Cuthbert, chow to be latte lied.

Such Proprietors Curtaining Damage, to whom to refer their Claim.

Purchase Money of Caltoun Hill and Lieth Mills, chow to bz paid.

444 C 14.

Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Purchase, to be paid lor out of Duties granted by this Act.

Money arising by the Purchases how to be applied.

Magistrates not chargeable for Misapplication of the mo.iey.

Duties not to be farmed,

the Fields and Grounds situate on the North Side of the said City, and for building a proper Hall for the Court of Judiciary and for the public Offices, it will be necessary to purchase several Houses,

Lands, Tenements and Shops, some of which may be the Estates of Infants, Femes Covert or other Persons, who by Law are disabled to alien or convey the same; to prevent therefore any Inconvenien cies that may arise by, from or on Account of such Disability, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and Council of the said, City of Edinburgh for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered and authorised by and with the Approbation of the Overseers in this Act mentioned, or the Majority of them present at any one of their Meetings hereby appointed and directed, to treat and agree for the absolute Purchase of all such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Shops as they If all think proper and most convenient for the Purposes herein before mentioned, with the several and respective Owners thereof, and other Persons therein intereded, being of full Age; and in Cases of Infancy, then with the Parents, Tutors or Curators for and on Behalf of any such Infant; and in case of Coverture, then with the Husbands or Trustees of such Wise, if there shall be any: And it is hereby declared, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every such Parents, Tutors, Curators, Husbands and other Trustees, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Feme Covert or others, who are or shall be possessed or seized of, or intereded in any House or Houses, Shop or Shops, Lands or Tenements so to be agreed for as aforesaid, to sell and convey any such Houses, Lands, Shops and Tenements to the said Magistrates and Council of the said City for the Time being, with the Approbation and Authority of the proper Judges, who are hereby authorised to give their Consent to such. Purchases in a summary Manner; and that such Contracts, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magistrates and Council of the said City for the Time being, to pay or cause to be paid to the several or respective Person or Persons hereby directed and empowered to receive the same, and to make Conveyances of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements and Shops, the several Sums of Money so to be agreed for as aforesaid, for the Purchase of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements and Shops, out of the Money arising by and from the said Duty or Imposition hereby granted and continued, and that upon such Payment of the said Magistrates and Council of the said City, and their Successors, shall or lawfully may quietly hold and enjoy the Houses, Lands, Tenements and Shops so to be by them purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, for and during the several Fdates and Intereds so to be by them purchased, notwithstanding any Coverture, Infancy or other Disability in the Law whatever, in the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Persons therein intereded, to sell the same, or make a good Conveyance thereof without the Adidance of this present Act.

XIV. And to the End that no Person or Persons intereded in the said Houses, Lands, Tenements or Shops so to be purchased as aforesaid, may be defrauded of their respective Shares of the said Purchase 1 Money; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Parents, Tutors, Curators, Husbands and other Persons whatsoever, to whom the said Purchase Money is herein directed to be paid, and they are hereby directed and required, as soon as conveniently may be, by and with the Approbation and Direction of the Lords of Session in Scotland, to lay out and dispose of all the Moneys arising by such Sale or Sales, in the purchasing of other Houses, Lanas, Tenements or Shops, in Places most convenient for the several Persons interested and concerned, to be settled in the same Way and Manner, and under the same restrictions, and to the same Purposes, as the said Houses, Lands, Tenements and Shops that shall be sold or disposed of by Virtue of or in Pursuance of this Act were settled, limited and appointed, or otherways liable to at the Time of such Sale or Sales, and to no otherufe, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; shall in the mean Time and until such Purchase or Purchases can be had or made, by and with the Approbation of the said Lords of Session as aforesaid, lay out the same upon good real and personal Security, and apply and pay the Interest: thereof, from time to time, to such Person or Persons, and to such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements and Shops, so to be by them, purchased as aforesaid, would, if purchased, belong or be payable.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said Magistrates and Council of the said City, shall not in any way be made chargeable with or accountable for the Application or Misapplication of the said Money, or any Part thereof, it being hereby declared, that the Receipt, Discharge or Acquittance of the several Person or Persons hereby empowered to receive the said Purchase money, shall be in all Events a sufficient Exoneration and Discharge to the said Magistrates and Council of the said City, and their Successors for ever.

XVI. And for the more effectual Application of the Money that shall arise from the aforesaid Duty 1 or Imposition, to the several Uses, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not he in the Power of the said Magistrates and Council, at any Time during the Continuance of the said Duty, to Farm, but they shall and are hereby restrained and prohibited from fanning the said Duty or Imposition, or any Part thereof, for the Terms for which the same is herby granted and continued, or for any Part thereof, but that the same shall be levied and collected by such Person or Persons as shall be from time to time appointed by the said Magistrates and Council, and the Money arising thereby shall, from time to time, as the same shall be recovered and received, be applied and disposed of to the several Purposes aforesaid, according to the Direction of this and the former Acts,

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 14. 445

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates and Council shall or apl j have the Administration of the Money arising by the Duty or Imposition hereby granted and continued, tl?ja

to the Uses, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned; but they are hereby strictly prohibited and re ff y 11, 5 drained from applying the same or any Part thereof to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, but such as are hereby directed and appointed.

XVIII. And in order to their making the most proper Application of the said Money; 'Be it also Magirtntei to further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and Council shall proceed with all mp?of convenient Diligence, to the Execution of the Purposes in this Act mentioned, and particularly for build th(] e^cai ioaof ing proper Repositories for keeping the public Records; and that they shall, and they are hereby di this Act. reeled and required to advise with, and employ Men of the hest Skill and Knowledge III such Matters as they are or intend to carry on agreeable to this Act; and the Opinion and Advice so given by such skilful People, shall and is hereby directed, from time to time, to be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Magistrates and Council for that Purpose.

XIX. And it is hereby further declared, That it shall not be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and Council to enter into any Contract or Agreement, or set about the Execution of any of the Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, or any Part of them, before and until the said Design or Part of the Method of carrying it on, and the Expense it may probably cost, be laid before the Overseers, by the said Expenses, tec. Act of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and this present Act named, atone of their pub to be laid before lick Meetings; and that the same be express, agreed unto by the said Overseers, or Majority of them C ?'ointedb present; and that such their Approbation shall be (together with all other the Proceedings of the said, j Overseers at their several Meetings) entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose.

XX. And that no Time may be lost in carrying on the several useful Purposes and Designs by this Act An! anertimate directed, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and Council shall of it laid before once every Year, during the Winter Season, lay before the said Overseers, a general List or Estimate of year y. the Designs intended and proposed to be carried on and executed for the ensuing Year, in order to have the Approbation of the said Overseers; and in case the same is by them approved of, they shall then be at Liberty to proceed and go on with the same, but in case the same shall be disapproved of by the said Overseers, then they shall lay some other Design before them, in order to their Approbation, it being always intended that no Work shall be carried on without having had first the Approbation of the said Overseers; the said Magistrates and Council shall lay likewise before the said Overseers, on the first lawful Day of the Month of March every Year, an Account of what has been done for the preceding Year and what Money has been laid out, to be considered and approved of, or disapproved of by the said Overseers; and no Articles in such Account shall be allowed of, but such as shall by the said Overseers, or the Majority of them, be approved.

XXI. And that no Delay may be occasioned by the Overseers not meeting to give the proper Direc tions about carrying on the Purposes aforesaid Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers shall and may, and they are hereby required and directed to meet at lead four Times in Overseers to every Year, viz. On the first lawful Day of the Months of August and March, and the first Tuesday of meet tour Times the Months of June and December every Year, with Power to adjourn themselves from time to time, and a Year meet oftener, if they hall see Cause, or shall be so desired by the Magistrates and Council of the said (Sty of Edinburgh; and shall at each of the said Meetings call for and peruse the several Books and Accounts directed to be kept by the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City concerning the Premises; the said Magistrates and Council are hereby directed to lay such Books, and likewise an Account of all the Contrasts or other Proceedings concerning the premisses, from time to time, before the said Overseers, in order to be perused and approved of by them.

XXII. And for the more regular keeping the Accounts of the Money arising by this Duty, and afeer tnining the Uses to which the same shall be applied; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Account of the said Duty, and the whole Management thereof, shall be exactly and distinctly, regularly and fairly entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose, separate and distinct from the other Affairs of the An Account of said City, with the Approbation of the Overseers; and the said Magistrates and Council of the said Duties, C to City are to appoint a proper Person or Persons for keeping the said Books; that in such Books shall be c£ved.'"a entered distinctly and clearly. Copies of the several Charges delivered in by the Officers of his Majesty's Book 5 lle*' Excise, upon the several and respective Persons subjected to the Payment of the said Duty or Imposition, and bow much the Produce of the same, from time to time, amounts to, and how the same, and every Part thereof, has been and shall be disposed of and laid out, to and for the Uses, Intents and Purposes in this Act mentioned, and what has been done, and how much laid out for every particular Purpose; the Accounts of the Amount of the said Duty, and what shall be expended thereout, with the several Charges affecting the same, shall be annually and every Year balanced on the third Tuesday of February, until all the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, are fully and completely satisfied and executed; all which said Books, as well as the Sederunt Book of the Overseers, shall be kept at the ordinary Office to be appointed for that Purpose, and shall be open and patent for the Inspection and Perusal of any of the Burgesses of the said City, or any of the Heritors or Proprietors in the Shires of Edinburgh,

Haddington and Linlithgow; and the said Persons shall have free Access, at lead one Day in every Fortnight, at the usual Office Hours, to inspect the said Books, and to take any Notes or Memoranda therefrom, and that without any Fee or Reward, which Day shall be named and fixed by the said Magistrates and Council, by the Approbation of the said Overseers, and public Notice thereof given in such Manner as they shall direct.

3 Geo. i. C $. Overseers to be clioien annually.

A compleat State of the Money arising by this ai, when to be made.

Notice to be given by Biewers importing Beer, C

English or Foreign Ale how to be imported.

Ale, C for private Use not subject to Duty.

C 14. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

XXIII. And whereas by the said Act of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign; certain Over seers were to be named the fecorid Tuesday of the Month of June every Year, to oversee and control the Management of the said Magistrates and Council concerning the skid duty be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers named the second Tuesday of the Month of June last, shall be and continue Overseers of the said Duty or Imposition by this Acb granted and continued, till the second Tuesday of June next, and upon that Day, and so forth annually upon every second Tuesday of June every Year, Overseers shall be chosen and named, as in the said luff: recited Act is mentioned, who, together with the Commissioner to Parliament from the four Shires of Edinburgh, Haddington, Linlithgow and Fife, shall be and continue Overseers, with the same Powers, and to the same Purposes, as by the said last recited Act is more particularly mentioned

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates and Council of the said City for the Time being, shall upon the third Tuesday of the Month of July which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, make a full, complete, and perfect State of all the Money that shall have been then arisen, by and from the said Duty or Imposition hereby granted and continued, and of all Sums of Money laid out, from time to time, for the several Purposes in this Act mentioned, and of what Debts shall be then owing upon the Accounts aforesaid, that it may thereby appear, if there remains any Overplus; and in case there shall be any Overplus, it is hereby directed to be laid out by and with the Approbation of the Overseers for the Time being, according to the di redlions by this Act laid down and made.

XXV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, a LI ' berty is given to the Persons, not subjected to the Payment of this Duty, to import Ale and Beer into the City, upon Payment of the said Duty for the Ale and Beer imported only; and whereas that has been a great Discouragement to the brewers subjected to the Payment of the said Duty, and has been the Occasion of great Frauds, and should it continue, might in great Measure fru(irate the good De ' sign and Intention of this Act: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Liberty and Clause in the said Act, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, it shall not be lawful for any Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, who is not subjected to the Payment of this Duty or Imposition for all he shall Brew, to import or sell any Beer or Ale into the said City, Suburbs, or Liberties thereof, or into the said Parodies of Saint Cuthberts, canon gate, or South and North Leith, or any Part thereof, unless he or she do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, or to their Collector of the said Duty, at their Office in Edinburgh, and agree to be subjected to and charged with the Payment of this Duty, for all the Drink he or she brews, in the same Manner that Brewers, subjected by this Act to the Payment of this Duty, are made chargeable therewith; and that any Brewer or Brewers, who shall import or sell any Ale or Beer into the said City, Suburbs, or Liberties thereof, or into any Part of the said Paroches of Saint Cuthberts, Canon gate, South and North Leiths, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed as aforesaid, shall be charged with and liable in the Payment of the said Duty for all Ale and Beer brewed by him or her, during the twelve Months immediately preceding his or her committing such Offence, and in all Time coming, during the Continuance of this Act, in the same Manner that the Brewers, by this Act subjected, are made liable for the Payment of the same.

XXVI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or prohibit the Importation of English or Foreign Ale or Beer into the said City, Liberties, and Suburbs thereof, or into the said Parishes of Saint Cuthberts, Canon gate, South and North Leith, but that it shall and may be lawful to import the same into the Places aforesaid, upon Payment of the Duty at present payable for the same.

XXVII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder any Person residing in the said City, or any other Place, subjected to the Payment of the said Duty, who is not a Brewer or Seller or Retailer of Ale or Beer, from brewing, or from importing Ale or Beer for the Use of his own Family only, but that it shall and may be lawful for such Person to brew or import Ale or Beer for the Use of his own Family only, without paying the said Duty for the same; anything in this Act or any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas by the in Part recited Act of the third Year of the King it is provided. That the Magistrates and Council with the Consent of the Overseers, may borrow any Sum or Sums of Mo ' ney for fulfilling the Purposes thereof, and subject the Duty aforesaid, as a Security for Payment of such Sums to be borrowed; and it being meant and intended by this Act, that Provision should be made from the Money arising from the said Duty, or Imposition hereby granted and continued, for Payment of the said city's Debts, which hath been borrowed in Pursuance of the said recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty's reign, or hath been enlilfed among the Debts of the said City, with the Approbation of the Overseers, as a Charge upon the Duty thereby continued, or which may be bor rowed on or before the first Day of July next, with the Approbation of the said Overseers, or which may be borrowed in Pursuance of the Powers given by this present Act: And whereas the Moneys to be collected annually by the said Duty, may not raise such a Stock or Sum of Money, as may be sufficient

the speedy and effectual carrying on and finishing the Designs aforesaid, and that it therefore may be necessary after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, to borrow a Sum ' or Sums of Money to carry on the Purposes aforesaid, but it being likewise reasonable to restrain the said Magistrates and Town Council of the said City for the Time being, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, from borrowing very large Sums of Money, and

thereby increasing too much the Capital Debts of the said citybe it therefore further enacted by the Authority

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 14. 447

Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful so and for the Magistrates of the said City for the thes.imof Time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from and after the said first Day of July one5 co' m.jy thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the pon this lju'y Whole the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, and for securing the Repayment thereof by any wri |ing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the Duty or Imposition hereby granted and continued,

|0 such Person or Persons who flail lend or advance the same, which said Money so borrowed shall be so ipplied and disposed of, as the said Duty or Imposition should have been applied and dispos. d of by this Act, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. Provided always, That the said Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds shall not be borrowed all but at <iiffcrcnt lit once, but at several and different Periods and Times, and that not sooner or within Lfs than the Space 'I,; n, cs

)f five Years next after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and that he same be borrowed at such Times and in such Manner only, as the said Overseeis shall see neceslury or the better carrying on all or any of the Purposes aforesaid: And it is hereby declared, That it shall lot be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and Council of the said City for the Time being, to borrow, it any Time or Times after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, fois to increase the Capital Debts of the said City, any Sum or Sums of Money exceeding the Sum of wenty five thousand Pounds as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money arising from the said Duty for thefird 'Duty hereby granted, during the first Term of nineteen Years, shall be annually applied for Payment ol ]9 'ow the whole annual Payments hereby appointed as aforesaid, with the Interest of the said city's Capital to be ai K'Debt that shall be due on the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and

or extinguishing of five hundred i'ounjs annually of the said Capital Debt, and what Overplus thereof hall remain over and above the paying of the annual Payments aforesaid, with the Interest of the said Japital Debt, and of five hundred Pounds annually towards the extinguishing of the said Capital Debt,

"hall be applied for the Purposes before by this AI directed; and that during the second Term of nine How on the fe; een Years hereby granted, the Money arising from the said Duty shall be applied annually for paying con Term of: re aforesaid annual Sums hereby appointed, with the Interest of the Remainder of the said Capital Debt, 19 yearst ind two thousand Pounds at least annually towards extinguishing and satisfying the Remainder of the f.iid Capital Debt, and what Overplus of the said Duty shall remain over and above satisfying the annual pay nents aforesaid, with the Interest of the Remainder of the said Capital Debt, and two thousand Pounds it least annually for extinguishing the said Capital Debt, shall be applied towards the carrying on and uerfebling the whole public Works aforesaid; that the Persons and Estates of such of the said ma »>istrates and Council, who shall be accessary to the increasing the said city's Capital Debt to any greater pum than what is hereby allowed, during the said Space of thirty-eight Years, from and after the said '11st Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall be subject and liable to the said City in Relief of such Sums as shall be borrowed by them, more than what is hereby provided and allowed.

XXXI. And it is hereby provided and declared, That by the Provision for extinguishing the city's Capital Debt by the Sum of five hundred Pounds annually, during the first Term of nineteen Years, and by the Sum of two thousand Pounds at least annually, during the second Term of nineteen Years, it is to be understood, that the Debts which shall be owing by the said City on the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, together with the Principal Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, which they are hereby empowered to borrow in Manner aforesaid, shall be really and truly lef iened the Sum of forty seven thousand five hundred Pounds of Principal, during the Currency of this

Grant; and that it shall not be in the Power of the Magistrates and Council of the said City, with or debtsbjthisaa without the cor.sent of the Overseers, again to replace or revive, by any new Borrowing or under any extinguished, not Colour or Pretext whatsoever, any Debt or Sum extinguished by the annual Payments hereby appointed to be reviv<: d to be made towards the sinking the said Capital Debts of the said City.

XXXII. And in case any Embezilment, Misapplication, Negligence or other Misdemeanour, Mifma nagement of or concerning any Part of the Premiifes shall happen, for which it may be proper and rca sonable to sue before a Court of Justice:: 'Redressing thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be in the Power of the said Overseers, or any three of them, or any six Burr misapplications gelfes of the said City of Edinburgh, who have been in any Office of Magistracy in the said City, with of the Moneys Consent of any two of the said Overseers, to commence and carry on such Suit by way of Summons or by arifins by this summary Petition, to which the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to appear and answer within d to* eight Days at most after Citation or Service used against him or them; and in case such Suit or Complaintre re e'be against the Magistrates or Council, a Citation used or served against the Lord Provost of Edinburgh for the Time being, or against any two of the Bailies, shall be a sufficient Citation and Service against the whole Magistrates and Council of the said City, and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs prevail in their Suit, or any material Branch or Part thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in the said Suit shall pay the whole Expenses, which the said Pursuers shall upon Oath declare they bellowed, in so far as the same dees not exceed what is ordinarily bellowed and laid out in the like Cases, by reason of a Suit before that Court; which Expenses shall be allowed and decerned for, without any Manner of Deduction or Abatement; any Regulation, Practice, Custom or Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if the Defendant or Defendants be acquitted from every material Part or Branch of the Suit, they shall, in like Manner and as fully and amply, recover their whole Expenses and Costs of Suit from the Plaintiffs in the said Cause.

448 C i 5.

Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Freeholders of

XXXIII. Provided also, That it shall be lawful to any four Freeholders of the Shires of Edinburgh,

Edinburgh, Haddington, Linlithgow and Fife, in case of any Embezilment or Misapplication of the Duties arising by

sri esc for Act, or the acts in Part before recited, to sue the Magistrates and Town council, or others guilty Misapplications. of such Misapplication or Embezilment, in the same Form, Manner and Way, and under the same pro vifocs, as is before directed in relation to Prosecutions at the Suit of the Burgesses, and that with or without any Consent of the Overseers.

XXXIV. Provided, That nothing in this Act: shall be condrued to subject: any Ale or Beer, brewed and consumed within the Precincts of Holyrood House and Cadle of Edinburgh, to the above Duty and Imposition,

XXXV. Provided also, That no Sums or Debts contracted or borrowed in Pursuance of this Act, and for the Uses and Purposes above recited, shall any ways affect or be a Charge upon the Estates Personal or Real of any of the Burgesses or Inhabitants of the said City of Edinburgh; but nevertheless, that the Debts lawfully contracted in Pursuance of this and the other Acts in Part recited, shall and may be lawfully charged upon the Property and Personal Estate belonging to the said City of Edinburgh and Body Corporate thereof; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided also, That the Estate Personal or Real of any Magistrate or Counsellor, who shall be convicted to be guilty of any Malversation done or committed contrary to the true Intention of this and the acts in Part recited, shall be subject to refund and repay such Damage as shall be adjudged to have been incurred by such Malversation, at the Suit of any of the Persons, who by this Act are im powered to sue or prosecute the Magistrates and Council of the said City in case of Malversation or Misapplication of the Duties arising by this and former Acts in Part above recited.

XXXVII. And whereas by the said recited Act of Parliament of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign it is enacted, That from and after the hid Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three certain Dues, paid and commonly known by the Name of Petty pert Cuflams, payable at the Ports of the said City of Edinburgh, should be discontinued and cease during the Continuance of that Act, and no longer; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dues and Petty Customs shall

discontinuedi du be discontinued and cease during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer; anything in this Act or iing this Act. any of Parliament, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Annual Pay'And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the annual Payments before men roents, how long tioned, with which the aforesaid Imposition is burdened by this Act, shall continue and endure only till to continue. the first Day of July which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and no longer; anything in this Act or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, of which Notice shall by all Courts in this Kingdom be judicially taken, and all Judges, Justices and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such.

Holyrood House and Edinburgh Castle exempt from the Duty. Corporation. Estates chargeable with Debts con traded in Pursuance of this Act.

Estates of Magistrates anl wer able for Misapplication.

of'ettv Customs

This a public Act.

See 1 Geo. 2. c. 22.

26 Geo. 2. c. 36.

Cap. XV

An Act to inflict: Pains and Penalties on John Plunket.

I. I WHEREAS in the Years one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, a detestable and horrid Conspiracy was formed and carried on by diverse Traitors for invading your majesty's Kingdoms with Foreign Forces, for raising an Insurrection and Rebellion against your Majesty, for seizing the Tower and City of London, and for laying violent Hands upon your majesty's most sacred Person, and upon his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in order to subvert our present happy Establishment in Church and State, and to place a Popish Pretender on your Throne: And whereas for the better concealing and effecting the said Conspiracy, diverse trea fonab'c Correspondencies were, within the Time aforesaid, carried on by Letters written in Cyphers, Cant Words, and Fictitious Names; which Conspiracy, had not Almighty God in his great Mercy dif appointed the same, would have deprived your majesty's Kingdoms of the Enjoyment of their Religion, Laws and Liberties, involved them in Blood and Ruin, and subjected your People to the Bondage and Oppression of Romish Superdition and Arbitrary Power; For which execrable Treason Christopher Layer hath been indicted, tried, convicted and attainted. And whereas John Plunket hath been a principal Actor in the said horrid and detedable Conspiracy, by traitorously consulting and corresponding with diverse Persons, to raise an Insurrection and Rebellion against your Majesty within this Kingdom, and to procure a foreign Force to invade the same, with a Dellgn to depose your Majesty, and to place the Pretender on your Throne, by traitorously corresponding with the said Pretender, and by engaging in a most execrable and villainous Design of laying violent Hands upon the sacred Person of your Majesty 4 (whom God long preserve) Therefore to manifed our jud Abhorrence of so wicked a Conspiracy, and our Zeal and tender Regard for the Preservation of your majesty's Person and Government, and for the Protedant Succession in your majesty's Royal Family, the solid Foundation of our present Happiness and future Hopes; and to the End that no Conspirator may, by any Contrivance or Practice whatsoever, escape Punishment, and that all Persons may be by the Justice of Parliament for ever hereafter deterred from engaging in any traitorous Conspiracies or Attempts, We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, J3V. P R,

3

A.D. 1722.

C 16, 17. 449

Anno nono Georgii Regis. cap XVI

An Act to inflict Pains and Penalties on George Kelley alias Johnson

WHEREAS in the Years one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, a detestable and horrid Conspiracy was formed ami carried on by diverse Traitors for invading your majesty's Kingdoms with Foreign Forces, forraifing an insurrection and Rebellion against your Majesty, for seizing the Tower and City of London, and for laying violent Hands upon your majesty's most sacred Person, and upon his Royal Highness the Prince of ifalcs, in order to subvert our present happy Establishment in Church and State, and to place a Popish Pretender on your Throne: And whereas for the better concealing and effecting the said Conspiracy, diverse treasonable Correspondencies were, within the Time aforesaid, carried on by Letters written in Cyphers, Cant Words and Fictitious Names; which Conspiracy, had not Almighty God in his great Mercy difap pointed the same, would have deprived your majesty's Kingdoms of the Enjoyment of their Religion, ' Laws and Liberties, involved them in Blood and Ruin, and subjected your People to the Bondage and

Oppression of Romijl) Superstition and arbitrary Power: For which execrable Treason christopher Layer hath been indicted, tried, convicted and attainted. And whereas George Kelley alias 'johnson hath been ' a principal Actor in the said horrid and detestable Conspiracy, by traitorously consulting and correspond ing with diverse Persons to procure a Foreign Force to invade this Kingdom, and to raise an Insurrection and Rebellion against your Majesty within the same, with Design to depose your Majesty, and place the Pretender on your Throne; for treasonable Practises in which Conspiracy the said George Kelley alias Johnson being arrested, and diverse Papers then found about him seized, in Pursuance of a Warrant un( aer the Hand and Seal of one of your majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for seizing and apprehend ing him the said George Kelly alias Johnson, together with his Papers, and the said George Kelley alias Johnson being in Custody of a Messenger by Virtue of the said Warrant, did by Force and Violence,

with a drawn Sword, make an Assault upon and resist the said Messenger, with an Intent to destroy the said Papers, and did burn the same Therefore to manifest our just Abhorrence of so wicked and abominable Conspiracy, and our Zeal and tender Regard for the Preservation of your majesty's Person and Government, and of the Protestant Succession in your majesty's Royal Family, the solid Foundation of our present Happiness and future Hopes; and to the End that no Conspirator may, by any Contrivance or Practice whatsoever, escape Punishment, and that all Persons may by the Justice of Parliament be for ever hereafter deterred from engaging in any traitorous Conspiracies or Attempts, We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, &c.

PR.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to inflict Pains and Penalties on Francis Lord Bishop of Rochester.

I. "ITT WHEREAS in the Years one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, a detestable and horrid Conspiracy was formed and carried on by di vers Traitors for invading your majesty's Kingdoms with Foreign Forces, for raising an Insurrection and Rebellion against: your Majesty, for seizing the Tower and City of London, and for laying violent Hands upon your majesty's most sacred Person, and upon his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in

order to subvert our present happy Establishment in Church and State, by placing a Popish Pretender on your Throne: And whereas for the better concealing and effecting the said Conspiracy, diverse treason able Correspondencies were, within the Time aforesaid, carried on by Letters written in Cyphers, Cant Words, and Fictitious Names; which Conspiracy, had it not been disappointed by the Goodness of

Almighty God, would have deprived your majesty's Kingdoms of the Enjoyment of their Religion,

Laws and Liberties, involved them in Blood and Ruin, and subjected your People to the Bondage and Oppression of Romish Superstition and Arbitrary Power: for which execrable reason christopher Layer hath been indicted, tried, convicted and attainted. And whereas Francis Lord Bishop of Rochester, notwithstanding the many solemn Assurances by him given of his Faith and Allegiance to your Majesty, by ta king the Oaths by Law appointed to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, which Oaths he had likewise taken at sundry Times, during the respective Reigns of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and notwithstanding he had frequently abjured the Pretender, hath, in direct Violation of his said repeated Oaths and Obligations,

and to the great Scandal of Religion, and his holy Function, been deeply concerned in forming, direct ing and carrying on the said wicked and detestable Conspiracy, and hath been a principal Actor therein,

by traitorously consulting and corresponding with diverse Persons to raise an Insurrection and Rebellion against your Majesty within this Kingdom, and to procure a Foreign Force to invade the same, in or der to depose your Majesty, and place the Pretender on your Throne; and by traitorously correspond ing with the said Pretender, and Persons employed by him, knowing them to be so employed Therefore to manifest our just Abhorrence of so wicked and abominable a Conspiracy, and our Zeal and tender Regard for the Preservation of your majesty's Person and Government, and of the Protestant Succession in your majesty's Royal Family, the solid Foundations of our present Happiness and future Hopes; and to the End that no Conspirator may, by any subtle Contrivance or Practice whatsoever, escape Punish

Voj., V'Mmm ment.

3 Geo. j. Stat. 2 C 50.

See 13 Geo. 1. t. 2s.

i Geo. i.stat, 2 5. 50.

1 Geo. 1. Stat, 2,

55-

C 18. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

ment and that all others may by the Justice of Parliament be for ever hereafter detericd from engaging in any traitorous Conspiracies or Attempts, We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, cp R. and

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by laying a Tax upon Papists, and for making such other Persons, as upon due Summons shall refuse or neglect to take the Oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the said Tax, for reimbursing to the Public Part of the great Expenses occasioned by the late Conspiracies; and for discharging the Estates of Papists from the two third Parcs of the Rents and Profits thereof for one Year and all Arrears of the same, and from such Forfeitures as are therein more particularly described.

I. "A MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas your Majesty in the first Year of your Reign was gra jlvj. ciously pleased to signify, by a Message to the House of Commons then in Parliament assembled, your Royal Consent, That the two third Parts of the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases and Farms of all and every Person and Persons, who was, were or should be a Popish Recusant or Popish Recusants convict, which by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm then in Force were or might be ft ized or taken into your majesty's Hands for such Recusancy, might be raised, levied and applied towards your majesty's Supply for suppressing the unnatural Rebellion then lately made: And to the End the said two third Parts of the said Estates, and the yearly and other Values of them, ' and every of them, might be better discovered, known, described and ascertained, and that the Public '* might have the Benefit of your majesty's'gracious Condescension in relation to the same, by Perception of the Rents and Profits thereof, or by laying some Tax or Charge in Lieu thereof, or otherwise, as should afterwards be determined in Parliament to be reasonable, one Act was made and paited in the said first Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Efiatcs of certain Traitors, and of Pop if Recusants, and of Rjiates given to superfitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Uje of the Public, In Pursuance of which Act certain Commissioners therein named were appointed (amongst other Things) to inquire concerning the said Estates, aiirl the Values of them, and the two third Parts of the same, liable to Seizure for the Use of the Public; and particularly what Popifa Recusants or Papists, or Persons educated in the Popish Religion, or whose Parents should be Papists, or who Should use or profess the Popifn Religion, should riot take the Oaths, ' and make and subsevibe the Declaration prescribed by any other Act of that Session of Parliament, ' within the respective Times thereby appointed, or in Default thereof should not register. or procure to be registered, his, her or their Names and Estates, in the Manner and Form prescribed by such other Act

within the respective times_thereby limited in that Behalf, and to do such other Matters and Things,

5 as by the said Act first mentioned were authorised by the said Commissioners to be done and performed, by which Act all the Moneys to arise to your Majesty by, for, upon or out of the several and respective Estates and Interests thereby intended to be inquired into (except as therein is excepted) are appropriated to the Use of the Public, and should be applied thereunto by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise: whereas in and by another Act made ami passed in the said Session of Parliament, held in the said first Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to regi/ier their Names and real Estates, reciting, that the Papists within this Kingdom, notwithstanding the tender Regard that had been flrewn them for many Years then last past, and their Enjoyment of the Protection and Benefit of the Government, had all, or the greatest Part of them, been concerned in stirring up and supporting the then late unnatural Rebellion, by which they had brought a vast Expense upon this Nation, and that it manifestly appeared by their Behaviour, that they take themselves to be obliged, by the Principles they profess, to be Enemies to your Majesty and the present happy Establishment, watching all Opportunities of some nting and stirring up new Rebellions and Disturbances within this Kingdom, and of inviting Foreigners to invade it; and that it was highly reasonable that they should contribute a large Share to all such extraordinary Expenses, as were or should be brought upon this Kingdom by their Treachery and Instigation; to the End that by paying largely to the great expences which they had brought upon this Nation, they might be deterred, if possible, from the like Offences for the Future, and that this Nation might have the Benefit of your majesty's most gracious Condescension, in giving your Interest in the said two third Parts, by ftizing the same, or by laying some Tax or Charge upon their Estates in Lieu thereof, in such Proportions, and in such Manner as should be determined to be reason able in Parliament, It was thereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, not having taken the Oaths therein mentioned before the last Day of Trinity term one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, having any Estate or interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or who afterwards should have my Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, who was or should be a Popish Recusant or Papist, or was or should be educated in the Popish Religion, or whose Parent or Parents, was, were or should be a Papist or Papists, or who should use or profess the Popish Religion, should, within such several and respective Times as are thereby LI 4 snited, take the several Oaths, and repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the same Act prescribed, in

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 19. 45 L

such Court as is therein mentioned, or in Default thereof should register or cause to be registrcj the same, within such Time, and in such Manner and Form as are thereby directed, under the Penalties

and Forfeitures therein e. prel'ed: And whereas on the nineteenth Day of February one thousand seven commissionsrt hundred and nineteen, a Report, signed by seven of the said Commissioners, was presented to the then Report 19 Feb.

House of Commons, with an Appendix containing the Names of the Papists who had before that Time7*9registered their Estates, and the Amount of the yearly Rents, as by them rcl peftively set forth; which yearly Rents, so set forth for such Estates so registered, do amount in the whole to three hundred eighty,

four thousand nine hundred and fifty Sounds six Shillings and six Fence three Farthings per Annum, or thereabouts, over and above large Sums arising from time to time, for Fines payable ami paid by the Leasehold and Copyhold Tenants to such of the said Papists as have so registered their Estates; ' Fines so entered by them in the said Registers, do amount to a very great Sum in the Whole, and may justly be esteemed to produce a considerable Profit Communibus Annis, and over and above the yearly Values of a great Part of their registered Estates, whereof no Values are set down by them in their said

touching which yearly Values last mentioned, another Appendix or Book was, on or about the said nineteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, presented to the then

House of Commons by the said Commissioners, and the same do amount to a very considerable Value in the Whole, not comprehended in the said Sum of three hundred eighty-four thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds six Shillings and threepence three Farthings per Annum; and it is higly probable that several Persons, who, since the making of the Act last in Part before recited, ought to have registered their Estates, have wholly neglected so to do, or have not duly and faithfully registered the same, and have been guilty of such Omissions, Frauds and Concealments, that the true Values of the Estates of

Papists registered or not registered, or the two third Parts of them, or any of them, cannot as yet be af certained: And whereas it is notorious, that since the making of the said Acts in Part before recited,

the Papists and their Abettors, or many of them, have given several fresh Instances of their Readiness and Zeal in forming Plots and Conspiracies, and in some nting and stirring up Rebellions and Disturb ances for the wicked Ends and Purposes abovementioned, which Conspiracies and Disturbances have brought a further great Expense and Burden upon your majesty's good Subjects; therefore it is thought reasonable, that in Satisfaction of such Share as they ought to contribute towards the extraor dinary Expences brought upon this Kingdom, and in Lieu of the two third Parts of the Rents and Pro fits of the said Estates to grow due to your Majesty within and for one Year, commencing from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and all Arrears of the said two third Parts incurred or to be incurred before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and in Lieu of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereafter in and by this Act intended to be discharged, there shall be raised, levied and collected the full Sum of one hun died thousand Pounds upon such Papists and others as are herein after described, and upon their respective Estates, in such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form as are herein after directed; 4 that the same shall be paid to your Majesty for the Use of the Public Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and do by this present Act give and grant to your Majesty, the Rates and Assessments herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted, C

EXP.

roo, oooo/. to be afiefted on all Papists of 18 Years of Age, over and above the double Taxes by the Land c?"tlar?'nfp?-

Tax. If the full Sum charged be duly paid it shall discharge Papists Estates from the two thirds of the cb.zgi njic,

Rents thereof for one Year and from all Penalties for Recusancy, C Lands, Cfc. registered, since G. 1. C 4.

veiled in Protestants, either by taking the Oaths, or by Death, or Alienation before 25 Dec. 1722, or u Gm. z. c. 17; 44 veiled in Infants, Comiriifiioners to certify it into the Remembrancers Office, and that Part shall bec3* 44 discharged. Lands, C liable to Rent Charges, fist'c. Owners may Deduct the Tax. Jointures, tsc.

out of registered Estates discharged.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Moneys; and for Relief of William late Lord Widdrington, and to prevent foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom, and for ascertaining the Duties on bound Books imported, and for issuing Certificates and Debentures for Arrears due to five Regiments, to be satisfied by Annuities therein mentioned, and for discharging the Duties of Rock salt lost on the Rivers Weaver and Mercy, and for limiting the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Estates in England and Scotland respectively, for appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament; and to rectify Misnomers and Omissions of Commissioners for the land-tax in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three.

I. MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; 'Whereas great Benefit and Advantage did accrue to ' ivi Eng i.md by one Act of Parliament, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty iscar. 2. C 5, King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and continued by another Act made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles, entitled An Act 25 Car. a. C 8. ' for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage; both which laid Acts were revived by an Act made in the

45 2

1 Ja. 2 C 7. 4w. Sc M. c. 24. 12 & 13 W. 3. «. 21.

7 Ann. C 24. L Geo. 1. Scat, a. C 43.

The Aa for encouraging the Coinage continued for seven Years from 1 March 1723, and to the End of the next session of Parliament.

18 Car. 2. C 5, Farther continued from March 1730, for seven Years by Geo. 2. c. 12.'Farther continued by 19 Geo. 2. C C 14.

And Farther for 7 Years by 27 Ge

15,000l. for defraying the Expenses of the Mints of England and Scotland yearly.

Clause for Relief of William late Lord wid irington,

C 19. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second; and were continued by an Act made in the fourth Year of King William and queen Mary, of blessed Memory; and were further conti nued by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King William; and were fur there continued by an Act made in the seventh Year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, and then extended to Scotland, and were further continued by an Act made in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, to be in Force for seven Years, from the first Day o(march one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following and no longer; so that unless the said Acts be revived and continued the Encouragement given thereby will cease, and this Kingdom be deprived for the Future of so great a Good, as it hath for many Years last past enjoyed Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term and Time herein after expressed, and do humbly pray, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and the like Rates, Duties and Impositions, as, by the said Act of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, were granted, and by the said subsequent Acts were continued for and upon the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy and Strong Waters imported during the respective Terms or Times therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy and Strong Waters, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain within or during the Space of seven Years, to commence from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following and no longer; and that all the said former Acts, and all other Acts of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every Clause, Article and Sentence in them, or any of them contained, now being in Force, shall be and arc, by Virtue of this Act, revived and continued, and shall be in Force, and be duly put in Execution, for and during all such Term and Time, as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; any former Law, Statute, Provision, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

0., 2, C 11. and again by I Geo. 3. c. 16.

II. And to the End the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of Englattd and Scotland respectively, may not be discouraged by any de£ciency of the Revenue by this Act settled for defraying the Coinage thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out of the Moneys arising by this Act, or out of any other the public Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, to cause so much Money to be applied, as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of the said Mints of England and Scotland respectively, by way of Impressed and upon Account of that Service, so as the same, together with the Coinage Duties arising by this Act, do not exceed in any one Year the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Moneys be ifilied out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the Master of the Mint in England, and the Master of the Mint in Scotland respectively for the said purposes.

III. And whereas all the Real and Personal Estate of tvdliain late Lord Widdrington, attainted of High Treason, was, by one or more Act or Acts of Parliament veiled in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, and by the Sale thereof, and the Rents and Profits received before the same was sold, the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds and upwards, hath been raised, and the greatest Part thereof hath been since paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer: And whereas the said William late Lord Widdrington, having for these seven Years last past been destitute of all necessary Subsistence, has contrafted considerable Debts, for the Support and Maintenance of himself and his Family: 'Now in Companion to the deplorable Condition of the said late Lord Widdrington and his Family, we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do humbly pray, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, out of the Money arisen or to arise at the Exchequer, from the Sale or Produce of all, every or any the Estates forfeited for Trbafon in the late Rebellion, which Estates by one or more Act or Acts were veiled in Trustees, to be fifild for the Use of the Public, shall and may be taken, if jued and applied, for and towards the future Support and Maintenance of the said William late Lord Widdrington and his Family, and for the Payment of his Debts, without Account, Impressed or other Charge to be set upon him for the same, or any Part thereof; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised, empowered and directed to cause the said Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, ami every or any Part thereof, to be issued and paid to the said William late Lord Widdrington or his Assigns, accordingly, without any Abatement for Fees or Charges, or other Deduction or Abatement whatsoever; former Law or Statute to the contrary, or any Incapacity by Reason of the Attainder of the said late Lord Widdrington notwithstanding.

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 19. 453

IV. And whereas in order to elude the many good Laws made for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, feto prevent veral evil disposed Persons have of late presumed to erect and carry on several Lotteries, upon Pretence !'ftcisn lotte, irt and Colour of some Grant or Authority given by foreign Princes or States; 'For the better preventing in^hnkinedjrn". of which illegal Practises for the future, Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if n, frr, 0v, i any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty 1y. 3. <. 17. three, by Virtue or Colour of any Grant or Authority from any foreign Prince, State or Government9'*»> t. 6. /. whatsoever, ercdl, setup, continue or keen, or shall cause or procure to be created, setup, continued ^j/lrl C r or kept, any Lottery or Undertaking in the Nature of a Lottery, under any Denomination whatsoever, c. 4'

or shall make, print or publish, or cause to be made, printed or published, any Proposal or Scheme for 5 C 1. C 9. any such Lottery or Undertaking, or shall within this Kingdom sell or dispose of any Ticket or Tickets f 43-in any foreign Lottery, and shall he convicted of any the said Offences, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or* C 2-

more credible Witness or witness'cs, by two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Division or LI -- '- 361 berty where such Offence final 1 be committed, or the Offender shall be found (which Oath such Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to administer) the Person so convicted sir all, for every such Offence (over and above any former Penalties inflicted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament made pe«by. against unlawful Lotteries) forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; one third Part thereof to his Majesty, See farther 6 Geo. his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part thereof to the Informer, and the remaining third Part thereof 2. c. 35.' to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; the same to be levied by Distress and ti Geo. 2. e.z %. Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices before whom such gm 2 C9. Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, and shall also for every such Offence by such Justices be commit r92g" '4' c. 1' ted to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one whole Year and'/' from thence till the said Sum of two hundred Pounds, so forfeited as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person, who shall think him or herself aggrieved by the Judgement Appeal to quar or Determination of such justices in any the Cases aforesaid, shall have Liberty to appeal to the next Quarter sessions. ter sessions to be held for the County, City or Place where such Judgement or Determination shall be made or given, and that the Judgement to be given by the Justices of the of the next Quarter sessions shall be final.

VI. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament, several Duties are payable upon the Importation of Books bound Books bound, which Duties being payable ad Valorem, have been found inconvenient; 'For Remedy imported, '°pw whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties payable ad Valorem, for all ?etrbun<lie Books bound, which shall be imported from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in ws'6 the Year of your Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall cease and determine, and instead thereof there shall be payable and paid to his Majesty his Heirs and Suceftors, for all bound Books which shall be imported into Great Britain, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the Sum of fourteen Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every hundred Weight, and foin Proportion for any greater or lester Weight, which Duty shall be paid down in ready Money by the respective Importers of such bound Books, from Time to Time, before the landing of the same respectively.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty upon bound Books imported, Howto berailed, shall be raised, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into the Exchequer, by such Rules, Ways,

Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form as the Duties upon bound Books hereby taken away, or any of them, might or ought to have been raised, levied, recovered or paid, before the making of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty to arise and appropriated, upon the Importation or Books bound pursuant to this Act (the necessary Charges of Management de

tludled) shall be appropriated and applied, as near as maybe, to the same Uses and Purposes to which the former Duties upon bound Books, by this Act taken away, were applicable or ought to have been applied, if this Act had not been made.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That the Duty by this Act charged upon bound Books Redeemable by imported or any Part thereof, shall be redeemable by Parliament, in the same Manner as the said former Parliament. Duties on bound Books hereby taken away or any of them, were redeemable; and in all Cases where the said former duties on bound Books or any of them, were to cease or determine, the Duty hereby granted, See farther a or a proportional Part thereof shall cease or determine. Geo. 2. c. 36.

"Clause for issuing Certificates and Debentures for Arrears due to five Regiments, to be satisfied by An act"Felony to counterfeit such Debentures. No Disability for putting this Act in Execution.

"Clause for discharging the Duties of Rock Salt loft: on the Rivers jveaver and Mercy. Clause for )i "the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Estates to as April 1724."

EXP.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the forfeited Estates in England, Forfeit Estates by any former Act or Acts of Parliament vested in the said Commissioners and Trusttes, which shall re L nlden°lan<!c)m.* main unfold from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, .*d?o' three, are hereby diverted out of the said Commissioners and Trustees, and vested in the King's Majesty, his Majesty for his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public; anything in the said Acts of Parliament, or any the Use of the former or other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Public,

"His Majesty, under the Sign Manual, may appoint any six surviving Commissioners to act in Scotland,

"in room of Commissioners dead, be. No Disability for acting" "

Anno nono Georgii Regis,

A.D. 1722.

sold on 26 june 1724, vested in his Majesty for the Use of the Public.

Decrees of the Court of Delegates in Scotland.

Appropriation of thesupplies granted this Session.

9 Geo. 1. c. 2.

454. G. 19.

forfeited Estates

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the forfeited (Estates in scot r "I land by any former Act or Acts of Parliament vetted in' the said of and Trustees, which on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four shall remain unsold, shall be, and hereby are diverted out of the said Commissioners and Trustees, and verted in the King's Majesty, his Pleirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public; anything in this or the said former Acts, or any former or other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Salvo for his Ma

XIX. Saving and reserving nevertheless to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, full Power, jesty's Right of Liberty and Authority, to appeal according to the Laws and Usage in Scotland, and as by all or any of Appeal fromjhe the said former Acts is directed and appointed, from all or any of the Decrees or Determinations of the Court of Delegates in Scotland, touching all or any of the Powers and Authorities verted in them, by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament any wise relating to the said forfeited Estates in Scotland, or any Right, Title, Interest, Claim or Demand arising the reout or from the same.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service, of the Year one thousandfepen hundred and twenty-three, and so much Money (if any such be) of the fax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans made or to be made thereupon, and the Interest thereof, 'and the Charges allowable for raising the said land-tax dial] be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in, the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys raised and to be raised by way of a Lottery or otherwise, by Virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and so much of the same Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, by that Act granted or continued, as shall arise or remain (if any such be) after all the Payments thereby directed to be made upon Certificates, as well for the unfortunate as fortunate tickets therein mentioned, and other Moneys thereby transferred or chargable thereupon, and the Charges by that Act allowable for the Execution thereof shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and the Sum of eighteen thousand two hundred and.forty three Pounds one Shilling and twopence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land taxes; and all the Moneys to

9 Geo. 1. c. 1s. be raised by Loans or Exchequer bills, by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by laying a Tax upon Papists, and for making such other Person's, as upon due Summons shall rtfufe or neglect to take the Oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the said Tax; for re hnburjing to the Public Part of the great Expenses occasioned by the late Conspiracics \ and for discharging the Estates of Papists from the two third Parts of the Rents and Profits thereof for one Year and all Arrears of the same, and from such Forfeitures as are therein more particularly described, in the Manner thereby prescribed, other than the Moneys of the Aid or Assessments thereby granted, which in Pursuance thereof are to be applied for Repayment of the Loans to be made, or discharging the Exchequer bills to be issued thereupon, and such other Payments as are thereby appointed to be paid out of the same, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed; nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

XXI. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there, shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty-four thousand two hundred and fifty

eocxttiiedcfid^ two purs fur Shillings and sixpence and one fifth Part of a Penny, to make good the Deficiency of ency of the Ge Lund, commonly called the General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight

?4, 25il. 4s. 6d, and one fifth of

neral Fund,

735, 388l. 14s. Sd. 2q. for Naval Services

So. 0001. 10 s,

hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred thirty-six thousand three hundred and eighty eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say. For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for plalf pay to Sea Officers; and for and towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea services in the Office of the Ordnance performed and to be performed; and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed or to be performed.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty thousand

Or nance, pounds ten Shillings and nine Pence three Farthings, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office

of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land Services performed and to be performed; and for or towards extra traordinary Services performed and to be performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land services in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and for defraying several extraordinary Expenses of the office of Ordnance for Land services in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, not provided for by Parliament.

941, 4901.101.

XXIV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as ss.'it) for the aforesaid, there shall or may be issued and applied any. Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the hand Forces, C whole the Sum of nine hundred foity one thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds ten Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces, and other services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum not exceeding six hundred fifty three thousand nine hundred and thirty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, lor defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand two hundred and ninety four eftective Men (including Commission and Non commission

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C. 19. 455

million Officers and Invalids) for Guards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, and other Services rc fating to the Forces, for the Year 011c thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand seven hundred and forty-three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar., and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand Even hundred and twenty-three; and any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, upon Account for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-three thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds four Shillings, for defraying several extraordinary E pences for Provisions, and other Services relating to his Majesty's Land forces, not before provided for by Parliament; and any Sum and Sums of Money', not exceeding eighty-two thousand Pounds, upon Acc' tint of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein; seer prt feribed concerning the same,

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as nfore said, there shall or may be ifitted and applied any Sum or Sums, not exceeding sixty five thousand four uhndred twenty-two Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence and Even tenth Parts of a Penny', to make good the Deficiency of the Grants to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be iffticd or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, be and they are hereby authorised, out of any Moneys of the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament for public Services, to reward the Persons appointed to take, examine, state and certify the Debts due to the five Regiments abovementioned, and to issue such Debentures as aforesaid, and their Clerks and Officers, as also the Officers and Clerks in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for their respective Pains and Services in relation to the said five Regiments, and such Charges as shall necessarily attend the Performance of the fume, as to the said Commissioners of the reasury or High Treasurer shall seem reasonable; 1'hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And as to the said Sum of eighty-two thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on Ac

of half-pay as aforesaid, 'It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say,

XXIX. That no Person final! have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced.

XXX. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in forrie Regiment, roop or Company.

XXXI. That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty shall have or receive any part of the half-pay.

XXXII. That no Chaplain of any Garfifon or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay.

XXXIII That no Person shall have or receive any part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission and has had no Commission since.

XXXIV. That no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Persons by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same, as reduced Officers.

XXXV. And that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXXVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paying off and cancelling: one million of Exchequer bills, and for other Purposes therein expressed, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty's as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums, not exceeding the Sum of eighty nine thousand Sounds, upon Account of half-pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prefeibed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of eighty nine thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the aforesaid Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed to such Officers who were maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others, as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under is majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

65, 422). 15s.

9 d. and seven ot a Pen 1 y, f make god ih* D fici cncies f r tac Year 17.12.

Not be iffjcd to any other U, C

Treasury out of this Supply to reward the Persons who fta ed the Debt? o the five Regiments, C

Rules to be < served in the plication of t half-pay.

3 Geo. 1. c. 20; How the Overplus of the Money given for half-pay, 8 g.r. shall be d.fposed of.

"Clause

456 C 20, 2l. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

"Clause to rectify Misnomers and Omifltons of Commissioners for the land-tax 1723."

EXP.

CAP. XX.

An act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one ilxth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and sold within the Town of Linlithgow and Liberties thereof, in the County of ive.ft lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned. PR. [Continued by 6 Geo. 2. c. 18.

This Duty is granted from 1 July 1723, for eleven Years.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to put the Customs of Great Britain under the Management of one or more Commissions, and for better securing and ascertaining the Duties on Tobacco, and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco and other Goods and Merchandizes, or carrying the same Coastwise

WHEREAS by the fixtharticle of the al of Parliament for uniting the two Kingdoms of

5 Ann. C S. ' \\ England and Scotland, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

all Parts of the United Kingdom were for ever, from and after the Union, to be liable to the same Cuf ' toms and Duties on Import and Export, and to be under the same restriistions and Regulations of Trade: And whereas the Customs and Duties arising by the Exportation and Importation of Goods and Merchandise were put under the Direction of two dill inch Commissions, one of which to have the Care and Management of the Customs and Duties arising in England, the other in Scotland, but each veiled with the like Powers and Authorities Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

After 1 June Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from anti after the first Day of June one fioms' gcu" thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the Customs and other Duties, now under the Management Briunn maybe °* the several and respective Commissioners of the Customs of England and Scotland, shall and may be put under one or under the Management of one Commission of the Customs for the whole united Kingdom, or under the more Commis Management of several Commissions of the Customs for England and Scotland respectively, from time to fl0ns time, as his Majesty shall judge to be most for the Advantage of Trade and Security of his Revenues;

any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Number of

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and' may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Commissioners Successors, by his Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to increase the maybemcreased. Number of Commissioners for the managing and causing to be levied and collected, his Customs and Du /" m}eesfarther t'es' as bought proper for the carrying on the said Service, and in such Commission or Com

11 Geo. {. 07 millions to make Provision for putting in Execution the several Laws relating to the Customs; Law,

6 30. Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

72 Geo. i. C 28.

7 Geo. 1. St. 2. C 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 35. 13 Geo. 2. c. 31. is Geo. 2. c. 2s. 19 Geo. 2. c. 34, 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. c. 18

t£f 29. 32 Geo. 2. C IO.

A Recital of the '

III. And whereas by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Duties on 10- C King Charles the Second, and by the Book of Rates thereto annexed, a Duty of one Penny per2 C C p°uncl (commonly called the Old Subsidy) was laid upon all Tobacco of the British Plantations imported; and by the same at and Book of Rates an additional Duty of one Penny per Pound was laid on the same Tobacco imported; and by another al made in the first Year of the Reign of the late j Jac. a. C 4. ' King James the Second, a Duty or Import of threepence per Pound was laid on the same Tobacco9 & 10 W. 3. 1 imported; and by another Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William

*3' ' the Third, a further Subsidy of one Penny per Pound was laid on the same Tobacco imported; and

nn, c t^another Act made in the second Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a Duty or Subsidy of one third Part of a Penny per Pound was laid on the same Tobacco imported; all which Duties on Tobacco imported, as before mentioned, amounting in the whole to sixpence and one third Part of a ' Penny per Pound Weight, are by several subsequent Acts since continued, and are now in Force; And whereas certain Abatements, Discounts and Allowances, for Waste and Damage, and other allow ances, are made to the Importer of such Tobacco out of the said Duties, which by Experience have been found prejudicial to Trade and a Loss to the Revenue Be it further enacted by the Authority Importer of To aforesaid, That the said several Duties upon Tobacco imported after the said first Day of June one thou old subfi/^ith an fcvcj1 hundred and twenty-three shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, during the Continuance an ahowanc^of thereof respectively, in the Manner following; that is to say, The Importer of Tobacco of the British a5 percent Plantations hall, on the Importation thereof, paydown the said Old Subsidy of one Penny per Pound, All the other with an Allowance of twenty-five per Centum instead of the former Allowance of five per Centum, and Duties to be paid that all the other Duties aforementioned on such Tobacco imported, amounting together to five Pence' down, or secured and one third of a Penny per Pound, shall be paid down, or the Importer thereof shall become bound to mpnths dls k's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more fufecient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Port where the Tobacco shall be imported, with the Consent of the Comptroller of such?

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis.

Port, in one or more Bond or Bonds, at the Election of the Importer, for Payment of the respective Duties within eighteen Months, to commence at the End of thirty Days after the maher's Report of the Ship, or to commence from the merchant's Entry of the Goods within tlio fe thirty Days, which Avail first happen; and that in lieu of all former Encouragements, Allowance for Waste or Damage, or other Allowances and Discounts for prompt Payment (all which Encouragements, Allowances and Discounts are intended to be repealed and abrogated, and are, by Force and Virtue of this Act, repealed and abrogated accordingly) one Allowance of twenty-five per Centum of the Paid last recited Duties, amounting to five Pence and one third of a Penny per Pound as aforesaid, shall be deducted and allowed upon the Entry of the Importer, paying down the said Duties; and every Importer not paying down the said Duties shall have an Allowance only of fifteen per Centum; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three no Allowance shall be made to the Importer for or ir. Consideration of any damaged or mean Tobacco, either at the Scale or otherwise; in case any Merchant or other Person shall refuse to enter and pay, or secure the Duties aforesaid for such Tobacco, then he or they shall have Liberty to refuse the same, or to separate such damaged Tobacco, by cutting oft' from the Hogshead or other Package so much thereof, as he or they shall refuse to pay Custom for; and tfte principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, shall cause all such Tobacco to be burnt and destroyed, without making any Allowances to such Importer for Freight or other Charges, other than the Allowances hereafter in this Act provided for; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is not hereby intended. That any Merchant or other Person shall

457

Allowance of 25 percent, ft r prempt Payment,

otherwise 15 percent.

No Allowance for damaged Tobacco

Eut Merchant may cut off So much thereof as lie lefu cs to pay Custom for, to be destroyed, clave

Liberty to separate the Stalk from the Leaf, on Pretence that the same is damaged or mean Tobacco.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Tobacco, which shall have been entered, and the Duties thereof paid or secured in Manner aforesaid by this Act directed and appointed, shall, from and after the said first Day of .'June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be exported into any foreign Parts, the Exporter shall, upon the Exportation thereof within the Time limited by Law, on a proper debenture to be made forth for that Purpose, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole Duty, or the Security vacated on the Bond or Bonds given on the Importation, and 110 more, as to what shall be so exported, Care being taken, that the several Allowances and Deductions made at the Importation be again deducted on the Debenture; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas notwithstanding the many Laws to prevent fraudulent Drawbacks upon Tobacco and other Goods and Merchandise exported, yet the same still continue, but if some further encou ragement were given to such as would be willing to discover such Frauds, the same might in some Mea

be prevented Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person (other than the Exporter) shall discover to the Commissioners, or any Officer of the Customs, any Frauds committed, either by the Exporter of the Tobacco, or other Goods or Merchandise, or by any other Person or Persons in Aid or Assistance of the Exporter, whereby his Majesty has been or shall be defrauded by the Exportation of such Tobacco or other Goods or Merchandise, such Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) shall, as an Encouragement, have and receive one Half of the officer's or prosecutor's Share of what shall be recovered and paid by such Discovery, the Charges of Prosecution being first deducted; the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being are to cause such Charges to be paid equally by the Crown and the Officer or Prosecutor; and In case such Person or Persons, who were aiding or assisting to the Exporter in such Fraud so discovering, he or she shall, in Consideration of such his or her Discovery, be clearly acquitted and discharged of such his or her Offence; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas Frauds are many Times committed under pretence"of carrying Tobacco or other foreign Goods or Merchandizes from one Port to another in Great Britain Coastwise, by Mailers of Coalting Vessels, who take in such Goods in Ports beyond the Sea, or out of Ships or Vessels at Sea,

or in any Place, other than the Ports from whence it was certified, and privately land the same in 1 Great Britain., to the Prejudice of the Revenue and the Encouragement of the soul traders for the Prevention whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tobacco or other foreign Goods or Merchandizes shall be taken on board any Coasting Veiled in Parts beyond the Seas, or out of any Ship or Veiled at Sea, or at any Port or Place of this Kingdom, other than the Port or Place from whence such Goods shall be certified, that then the said Goods, and double the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and the Mailer of the said Coasting Ship, wherein the said Goods were imported, shall forfeit the Value of the said Tobacco or other Gooffs.

IX. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person (other than the Owner or Claimer of the Tobacco or other Goods or Merchandise so Shipped Coastwise, or pretended to be shipped Coastwise) shall discover to the Commissioners, or any Officer of the Customs, any Frauds committed either by the Owner or Claimer of the Tobacco or other Goods or Merchandise so shipped or pretended to be Slipped Coastwise, or by any other Person or Persons in Aid or Assistance of the Owner or Claimer of such Tobacco or other Goods or Merchandise, whereby his Majesty has been or shall be defrauded in his Duties, such Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) shall, as an Encouragement, have and receive one Half of the officer's or prosecutor's Share of what shall be recovered and.

Not to separate the Stalk from the Leaf.

Tobacco exported td draw back the whole Duty.

Allowances to be deducted.

Persons discover ing Frauds to have one Half of the officer's Share,

Tobacco or foreign Goods carried Coastwise from any other Port than the Place from whence certified, forfeited, and double the Value

Master to forfeit the Value.

Discoverer to have one Half of the officer's Share.

Anno nono Georgii Regis.

Aider di (covering acquitted.

How to be sued fur.

and divided.

[General Issue.]

Importer discharging his Bund within the 18 Months to have a Discount of 7 percent for the Time.

Allowance of one Half penny per lb. for Tobacco damaged at Sea, C

To be fe para ted and burnt.

No Drawback, for Tobacco in Package, except, C

8 lb. upon every Hogshead qt. 350 lb. allowed at Scale.

Tobacco arriving after iMayi723, and before 2

June, to be reckoned to be

from 1 June.

No Tobacco to be imported slipped from the Stgjk or Stem. Repealed by A Geo. 2. c. 9.

A.D. 1722.

paid by such Discovery, the Charges of Prosecution being first deduced; and the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being are to cause such Charges to be paid equally by the Crown and the Officer or Prosecutor; in case such Person or Persons, who are aiding or assisting to the Owner or Claimer of the Tobacco or other Goods or Merchandise so shipped or pretended to be hipped Coastwise in such Frauds, he or he hall in Consideration of such his or her Discovery, be clearly acquitted and discharged of such his or her Offence; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentionedshall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Persons as will sue for or prosecute the same.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted for anything done by Virtue or in Pursuance of this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hall discontinue his or their Action or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have full Colls to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco, that hath given Security as aforesaid for the Payment of the aid Duties in eighteen Months, shall be desirous to discharge his Bond or Bonds, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than the Expiration of the said eighteen Months, he shall he abated upon such Bond or Bonds so much as the Discount at the Rate of seven per Centum per Annum shall amount to in Proportion to the Time unexpired.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Tobacco hall happen to receive Damage on board any Ship or Vessel by Stress of Weather at Sea, or any Damage by any Ship or vessel's being forced on {hore in any Part of Great Britain, or if any unforeseen Accidents should happen after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in Port, by the ship's bulging on an Anchor, or by the Lighter into which the Tobacco is put in order to be laid on Land, or by any suchlike Accidents, whereby such Tobacco shall receive Damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Collectors, or other chief Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to allow and pay to the Importer at the Rate of one halfpenny for every Pound of such Tobacco, for which the Importer shall refuse to pay or secure the full Duties, and which shall be cut off or separated from the sound in order to be burnt or otherwise publicly destroyed by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, so as such Allowance shall not exceed thirty Shillings for all the Tobacco damaged in any one single Hougfhead imported; any 7'hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed on any Tobacco exported in any Package, but only in Casks, containing three hundred Weight or more in each Cask, except such Tobacco as shall be cut or rolled; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas the Allowances at the Scale for Draught upon every Hogshead of Tobacco imported have been uncertain, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three there shall be allowed only at the Scale eight Pounds upon every Hogshead that shall contain three hundred and fifty Pounds of Tobacco or more;, which Allowance shall not be deducted upon Exportation.

XVI. And whereas diverse Quantities of Tobacco of the British Plantations may happen to arrive be fore the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and it being reasonable that the Tobacco Trade should Leon an equal Foot, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time of Importation of all such Tobacco as shall arrive after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and on or before the second Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and then remain unentred, shall be reckoned to be from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, in like Manner, as if the Masters of such Ships or vessels had made Report of their several Ladings on the said second Day of June; and the Importers or Proprietors of such Tobacco shall pay or secure the Duties, and have and enjoy the several allowances and Discounts, and be entitled to draw back the Duties, as fully and in like Manner, as if the said Tobacco had been imported, and the Adafters of the Ships had made their respective Reports of their Lading on the said second Day of June; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundr d and twenty-four, no Tobacco shall be imported into Great Britain stripped from the Stalk or Stem; and in case any Tobacco stripped from the Stalk or Stem, shall be so imported after the said first Day of June the same shall be seized, and shall be liable to be searched for and forfeited by any Officers of the Customs, in the same Manner as any other prohibited Goods may, by the Laws now in Being, be searched for or seized; all and every such Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by Information in the Court of Exchequer of England or Scotland respectively;

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C. 22. 459

one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and succdtors, and the other Moiety thereof to theufc of the Person or Persons who shall seize and fuc for the same.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall! au offeer r, t to thorize or empower any Officer of the Customs, or other Person to search for any stripped Tobacco J "rci: fcr, (vt imported, after the same shall have been weighed by the proper Officer, for the Payment of the Du v/ci Hne, tc. ties payable for the same; and where it shall happen there shall not be more than twenty Pounds

Weight of stripped Tobacco in any one Hogshead, the same shall not be subject or liable to be foized or forfeited by Virtue of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Theft Dmies the Moneys to arise of or for the Duties of Tobacco, under the Regulation by this Act prescribed hpw »t>i"o (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) are and shall be appropriated and applied to such Uses and Purposes, and in such or the like Proportions, and in such Manner, as the Duties on such Tobacco were appropriated and would have been applicable, if this Act had not been made, under such Penalties and Forfeitures for diverting or misapplying any of the said Moneys, as in the like Case or Cases might have been infiidled by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for diverting or misapplying any Money arising by the Duties on Tobacco therein mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed No Drawback for

fr any Tobacco stalks or Stems exported by themselves, when they have been or shall be separated from Tobacco stalks the rest of the Leaf; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. exportt.

Concerning Tobacco see farther ti Geo. 1. C S. 31 Geo. 2. c. 2. 24. Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice

WHEREAS several ill designing and disorderly Persons have of late associated themselves under Continued by is the Name of Blacks, and entered into Confederacies to support and assist one another in stealing Gc° } f Jf*

and destroyin» of Deer, robbing of Warrens and fish ponds, cutting down Plantations and Trees, and other illegal Fradlices, and have, in great Numbers, armed with Swords, Firearms, and other often z. /. 15.

five Weapons, several of them with their Faces blacked, or in disguised Habits, unlawfully hunted in and madeper^e i Forests belonging to his Majesty, and in the Parks of diverse of his Majesty's Subjects, and destroyed, mat by 31 Geo. i killed and carried away the Deer, 'robbed Warrens, Rivers and fish ponds, and cut down Plantations 2- ' 42- of Trees; and have likewise solicited several of his Majesty's Subjects, with Promises of Money, or other 0^nas a a ' Rewards, to join with them, and have sent Letters in Fidlitious Names, to several Persons, demanding tlhaciare"rx ' Venison and Money, and threatening same great Violence, if such their unlawful Demands should be cepted cut of the refused, or if they should be interrupted in, or prosecuted for such their wicked Practises, and ha general Pardon,

actually done great Damage to several Persons, who have either refused to comply with such Demands, 20 Geo. 2. c. 52.

1 or have endeavoured to bring them to Justice, to the great Terror of his Majesty's peaceable Subjects For the preventing which wicked and unlawful Practises, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, being armed Persons disguised with Swords, Firearms, or other offensive Weapons, and having his or their Faces blacked, or being and .'n as 3p' otherwise disguised, shall appear in any Forest, Chase, Park, Paddock, or Grounds enclosed with any &crl"ndiki]<li'ng' Wall, Pale, or other Fence, wherein any Deer have been or shall be usually kept, or in any Warren or Drcr, C dewn place where Hares or Conies have been or shall be usually kept, or in any Highroad, open Heath, ed Felons. Common or Down, or shall unlawfully and wilfully hunt, wound, kill destroy, or steal any Red or Fallow Deer, or unlawfully rob any Warren or Place where Conies or Hares are usually kept, or shall unlawfully steal or take away any Fish out of any River or Pond 3 or if any Person or Persons, from and after the said first Day of June shall unlawfully and wilfully hunt, wound, kill, destroy or steal any Red or Fallow Deer, fed or kept in any Places in any of his Majesty's Forests or Chases, which are or shall be enclosed with Pales, Rails, or other Fences, or in any Park, Paddock, or Grounds enclosed, where Deer have been or shall be usually kept; or shall unlawfully and maliciously break down the Head or Mound of any fish pond, whereby the Fish shall be lost or destroyed, or shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, maim or wound any Cattle, or cut down or otherwise destroy any Trees planted in any Avenue, or growing in any Garden, Orchard or Plantation, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit; or shall set Fire to any House, Barn or out house, or to any Hovel, Cock, Mow, or Stack of Corn, Straw, Hay or Wood; or shall wilfully and maliciously shoot at any Person in any dwelling house, or other Place; or shall knowingly send any Letter, without any Name subscribed thereto, or signed with a Fidlitious Name, demand Sending Letters ing Money, Venison, or other valuable Thing; or shall forcibly refeue any Person being lawfully in without a Name, Custody or any Officer or other Person for any the Offences before mentioned; or if any Person and demand Persons shall, by Gift or Promise of Money, or other Reward, procure any of his Majesty's Sub C

jecls to join him or them in any such unlawful Act; every Person so offending, being thereof law.

4&0 C 22.

Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Such Persons when to surrender themselves, fire.

fully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and ball suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And whereas notwithstanding the Laws now in Force against the illegal Pradfices abovementioned, and his Majesty's Royal Proclamation on the second Day of February which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, notifying the same, many wicked and evil dif posed Persons have, in open Defiance thereof, been guilty of several of the Offences before mentioned,

to the great Disturbance of the publick Peace, and Damage of diverse of his Majesty's good Subjects; 'It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who since the second Day of February in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, have committed or been guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, who shall not surrender him, her or themselves, before the twenty-fourth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, to any of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in and for the County where he, he or they did commit such Offence or Offences, and Voluntarily make a full Confection thereof to such Justice, and a true Discovery upon his, her or their Oath or Oaths, of the Persons who were his, her or their Accomplices in any of the said Offences, by giving a true Account of their Names, Occupations and Places of Abode, and to the best of his, her or their Knowledge or Belief, discover where they may be found, in order to be brought to Justice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

III. Provided nevertheless, That all and every Person and Persons, who have been guilty of any the Offences aforesaid, and shall not be in lawful Custody for such Offence on the said first Day of June and hall surrender him, her or themselves, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of July as aforesaid, and shall make such Confection and Discovery as aforesaid, shall by virtue of this at be pardoned, acquitted

Who Entitled to and discharged of and from the Offences so by him, her or them confessed as aforesaid; thing herein a Pardon contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this atto Justice, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be charged with being guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County where such Offence or Offences were or shall be committed, by Information of one or more credible Person or Persons upon Oath by him or them to be subscribed; such Justices before whom such informa

Justices to return tion shall be made as aforesaid, shall forthwith certify under their Hands and Seals, and return such in informations to formation to one of the Principal Secretaries of State of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who is hereby Stat" etary f requited to lay the same, as soon as conveniently may be, before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, a c' in his or their Privy Council; whereupon it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc

whois to lay the cessors, to make his or their Order in his or their said Privy Council, thereby requiring and commanding such Offender or Offenders to surrender him or themselves, within the Space of forty Days, to any of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to the kind that he or they may be forthcoming, to answer the Offence or Offences wherewith he or they hall so iland charged, according to the due Course of Law; which Order shall be printed and published in the next London Gazette, and shall be forthwith transmitted to the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, and shall, within six Days after the Receipt thereof, be proclaimed by him, or his Officers, between the Hours of ten in the Morning, and two in the Afternoon, in the Marketplaces, upon the respective Market Days, of two Market towns in the same County, near the Place where such Offence shall have been committed; and a true Copy of such Order shall be affixed upon some publick Place in such Market towns; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not surrender him or themselves pursuant to such Order of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be made in Council as aforesaid, he or they so neglecting or refusing to surrender him or themselves as aforesaid, shall from the Day appointed for his or their Surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed and taken to be convicted and attainted of Felony, and shall suffer Pains of Death as in case of a Person convicted and attainted by Verdict and Judgement of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that it shall be lawful to and for the Court of King's Bench, or the Justices of Oyer and terminer, or General Gaol delivery for the County, where the Offence is sworn in such Information to have been committed, upon producing to them such Order in Council, under Seal of the said Council, to award Execution against such Offender and Offenders, in such Manner, as if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of King's Bench, or before such Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol delivery respectively.

Persons abetting V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who filial], them, C deem, after the Time appointed as aforesaid, for the Surrender of any Person or Persons, so charged upon Oath ed relons with any the Offences aforesaid, be expired, conceal, aid, abet or succour, such Person or Persons, knowing him or them to have been so charged as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender him or themselves, by such Order or Orders as aforesaid, being lawfully convitfted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of P'elony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall he construed to prevent or hinder any Judge, Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Officer or Minister of Justice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending and securing, such Offender or Offenders, against whom such Information shall be given, and for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary Course of Law; and in case such Offender or Offenders, against whom

same before the King am! Council, who may make an Order for their Surrender.

Persons not fur rendering themselves pursuant to such Order, deemed to be convicted C

such Information, and for requiring whose Surrender

such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid,

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 22. 461

shall be taken and ftcured in order to be brought to Justice, before the Time shall be expired, within otcnciert app*. which he or they shall be required to surrender him or themselves, by such Order in Council as aforesaid, h'n<jcj that then in such Case no further Proceeding shall be had upon such Order made in Council against him !cor them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but he or they shall be brought to Trial by due Course of Law; council/fluu anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. be tried ccerd

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand isto Law. seven hundred and twenty-three, the Inhabitants of every Hundred, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England., flail make full Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained or fullered by the killing or maiming of any Cattle, cutting down or destroying any Trees, or setting Fire to any House, Barn Hundred rfiarfr or out house, Hovel, Cock, Mow or Stack of Corn, Straw, Hay or Wood, which shall be committed able for Damage or done by any Offender or Offenders against this Act; and that every Person and Persons, who shall sustained in sustain Damages by any of the Offences last mentioned, shall be and are hereby enabled to sue for and rem: "min battle, cover such his or their Damages, the Sum to be recovered not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds, against the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, who by this act shall be made liable to answer all or any Part thereof; and that if such Person or Persons shall recover in such Afiion, and sue Execution against liny of such Inhabitants, all other the Inhabitants of the Hundred, who by this al shall be made liable to all or any Part of the said Damage, shall be ratably and proportionably taxed, for and towards an equal Contribution for the Relief of such Inhabitant, against whom such Execution shall be had and levied; which Tax shall be made, levied and raised, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as is prescribed and mentioned for the levying and raising Damages recovered against Inhabitants of Hundreds in Cases of Robberies in and by an Act, entitled, j]n Act for the following Hue and Cry, made i7eliz. C 13. in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Explained ly

29 Geo. 2. c. 36. jcb. 9.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons shall be enabled to recover any Damages by Virtue of this Act, unless he or they by themselves, or by their Servants, within two Days after such Damage or Injury done him or them by any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, shall give Notice of such Offence done and committed unto some of the Inhabitants of some Town, Village or Hamlet, near unto the Place where an such Fact shall be committed, and shall within four Days after such Notice, give in his, her or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the Care of his or their Houses, out houses, Corn, Hay, Straw or Wood, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division, where such Fact shall be committed, inhabiting within the said Hundred where the said Fact shall happen to be committed, or near unto the same, whether he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed such Fact, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed, that he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed the said Fact, or any of them, that then he or they so confessing, shall be bound by Recognisance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders by Indictment, or otherwise, according to the Laws of this Realm.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offence shall he committed against this Act, and any one of the said Offenders shall be apprehended, and lawfully convicted of such Offence, within the Space of six Months after such Offence committed, no Hundred, or any Inhabitants thereof, shall in any wise be subject or liable to make any Satisfaction to the Party injured, for the Damages he shall have sustained; thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, That no Person, who shall sustain any Damage by Reason of any Offence to be committed by any Offender contrary to this Act, shall be thereby enabled to sue, or bring any Action against any Inhabitants of any Hundred, where such Offence shall be committed, except the Party or Parties sustaining such Damage, shall commence his or their Action or Suit within one Year next after such Offence shall be committed.

XI. And for the better and more effectual Discovery of the Offenders abovementioned, and bringing them to Justice, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, to issue his Warrant to any Constable, Headborough, or other Peace officer, thereby authorising such Constable, Headborough or other Peace officer, to enter into any House, in order to search for Venison stolen or unlawfully taken, contrary to the several Statutes against Deer stealers, in such Manner, as by the Laws of this Realm such Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant to search for stolen Goods.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall apprehend, or cause to be convicted any of the Offenders abovementioned, and shall be killed or wounded so as to lofc an Eye or the Use of any Limb, in apprehending or securing, or endeavouring to apprehend or secure any of the Offenders abovementioned, upon Proof thereof made at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, Liberty, Division or Place, where the Offence was or shall be committed, or the Party killed, or receive such Wound, by the Person or Persons so apprehending, and causing the said Offender to be convicted, or the Person or Persons so wounded, or the Executors or administrators of the Party killed, the Justices of the said Sessions shall give a Certificate thereof to such Person or Persons so wounded, or to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons so killed, by which he or they shall be entitled to receive of the Sheriff of the said County the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be allowed the said Sheriff in passing his Accounts in the Exchequer; which sum of fifty Pounds the said Sheriff

Persons injured to give Notice within two Days after the Offence committed.

and to be examined within four Days after Notice, touching their Knowledge of the Offenders,

Hundred not liable, if the Offender is con vied within fis Months, C

Action to be commenced within a Year after the Offence.

Justices may issue Warrants to search for stolen Venifun*

Persons killed or wounded in apprehending Offenders, to be te warded.

462

s & re.

10.

Prosecutiom may be commenced within three Years after Offence committed.

Such Offences may be tried in any County.

Attainder not to wo 1 k Corruption ot Blood, See,

This Act where to be read.

'Farther continued by 24 Geo. a. C 57/

3 fe 4 W. & M.

C IO.

See farther 10 Geo. 2. c. 32.

7 Geo. 1. fist. I. C 2s.

Farther Provisions for these Matters, 13 Geo. 1. c. 22.

C 23. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

rift is hereby required to pay within thirty Days from the Day on which the said Certificate shall be produced and shown to him, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum often Pounds to the said Person or Persons to whom such Certificate is given, for which said Sum of ten Pounds, as well as the said Sum of fifty Pounds, such Person may and is hereby authorised to bring an Action upon the Case against such Sheriff, as for Money had and received to his or their Use.

XIII. And whereas the Shortness of the Time within which Prosecutions for Offences against the Statute made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and punishment of Deer jlealers, are limit ed to be commenced, has been a great Encouragement to offenders be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prosecution for any Offence against the said Statute, shall or may be commenced within the three Years from the Time of the Offence committed, but not after.

XIV. And for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information, which shall be found commenced or prosecuted for any of the Offences committed against this Act, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Offence that shall be done or committed contrary to this Act, shall and may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form, as if the Fa ft had been therein committed; Provided, That no Attainder for any of the Offences made Felony by Virtue of this Act, shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower or Forfeiture of Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be openly read at every Quarter sessions, and at every Leet or Law day.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Continued for five Years by 12 Geo. 1. c. 30.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Venison or Skin of any Deer, shall be found in the Custody of any Person or Persons, and it shall appear that such Person or Persons bought such Venison or Skin of any one, who might be justly suspected to have unlawfully come by the same, and does not produce the Party of whom he bought it, or prove upon Oath the Name and Place of Abode of such Party, that then the Person or Persons who bought the same, shall be convicted of such Offence, by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, and shall be subject to the Penalties inflicted for killing a Deer, in and by the Statute made in the third and fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer jlealers.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the further enlarging the Times for entering, hearing, and determining Claims on the Estates vetted in the Trustees of the south-sea Company, and for obliging Persons to claim Stock by the Time therein mentioned for Money Subscriptions, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS fey an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising Money upon the Ejiatcs of the late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Cashier, Dituly cashier, and Accountant of the south-sea Company, mid of John Aiflabie, Esquire, and likewise of James Crags fen. Esquire, deceased, towards making good the great Loss and Damage Jujiain ed by the said Company; and for disabling such of the said Persons as are living to hold any Office or Place of Trujl under the Crown, or to ft or vote in Parliament for the future; and for other Purposes in the said Ail exprffedit is enacted (amongst other Things) That all and every the Real Estate and Estates whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, and all Rights of Action, Uses, Trulls, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, and all and every the Share and Shares in the Capital Stock or Stocks of any Corporation, Company or Society, and ail Moneys due upon any Account or Accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other Debts and Securities for Debts, and all ready Moneys, Goods and Merchandizes, Personal Estate and Effects whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, which Sir John Fellows, Baronet, late Sub governor, Charles Joy, Esquire, late Deputy governor, and William Ajlell, Esquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, Sir John Blunt, Baronet, Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir William 1 Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert Chester, Esquire, Stephen Child, Esquire, Peter Delaport, Esquire, Francis Evl's, Esquire, James Edmondson, Esquire, Edward Gibbon, Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir jvi Ilium Hammond, Knight, Francis Hazves, Esquire, Richard Horsey, Esquire, Richard Hottlditch, Esquire, Sir Theodore Janssen, Knight and Boronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir Harcourt Master, Knight, William Morley, Esquire, Ambrose Page, Esquire, Colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read junior, Esquire, Thomas Reynolds, Esquire, Jacob Saw' 4 bridge, Esquire, William Tillard, Esquire, and John Turner, Esquire, late Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the south-sea Company, and also Robert Knight late Treasurer or Caftiier, Robert Surman late Deputy cashier, John Grigsby late Accoun junt to the said Corporation, and John Aifabie, Esquire, every or any of them, upon the first Day of

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 23.

June Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty, or at any Time or Times afterwards, or which James Crags the elder, Esquire, deceased, or any Person or Persons in Trull for him at the Time of his Death, was or were seized or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, in Law or Equity in their or any of their own Rights, or to his or their own Ufa or Uses, or in Partnership with any others (except as in the said Act is excepted) were, by Force and Virtue of the said Act, veiled

and settled in Sir John Eylcs, Baronet, Sir Thomas Cross, Baronet, John Rudge, Matthew Lant, Roger Hudson, Esquires, now Sir Roger Huelfon, Knight, Edmond Ha fey, John Lade, Gabriel Roberts, and Ri

i chard Hopkins, Esquires, now Sir Richard Hopkins, Knight, thereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expielild of and concerning the same, and the Heirs, Executors, L Administrators and Assigns of the same Trustees, from the respective Times in the said Act named, to the Intent the same might be sold and disposed of, or otherwise applied to and for the Uses and pur j' poses in the said Act expressed concerning the same, and that the clear Moneys arising thereby, Should northeast appropriated to and for the Use of the south-sea Company, in such Manner as is therein menti oned: And it is thereby further enacted, That the Entries of such Claims, as by the said Act are di redted, by or for any Persons or Corporations in Great Britain, Should or might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and by or for any Person or Persons icfiding or being beyond the Seas, or out of Great Britain, Should and might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two: And ' by the said Act it is further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, Should and might inquire and inform themselves, by or upon the Testimony of Witness es upon Oath, or by the

Examination of the Persons making such Claims upon Oath (all which Oaths they, or any one or more of them, had thereby Power to administer) or by the Inspection of any Mortgages, Bonds, Bills, Notes or other Securities, or any Accounts relating to the said Debt, or any of them so claimed, or by Inspec tion of any Grants, Gifts, Settlements, Conveyances, Transfers or assurances relating to the said Estates, Interests or Encumbrances so claimed or any of them, or by all or any of the said Ways and Means or otherwise, according to their Discretions, as soon as conveniently might be, touching all or any of the Debts, Estates, Interests or Encumbrances so claimed, and Should make a Report or Re ' ports in Writing of their Proceedings therein, with their Opinions thereon, from Time to Time, to the Court of Directors of the said south-sea Company for the Time being; and if the said Court of 1 Directors for the Time being Should be satisfied in the Justice of such Claim or Claims, or that any Debt orsum of Money ought to be paid thereupon, or that the Estate, Interest or Encumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof ought to be allowed, and Should declare their Satisfaction therein, by any.

Resolution or Resolutions of that Court; and if the Party or Parties, by or for whom such Claim Should be made, Should likewise in a Book or Books to be kept in the said Trustees Public Office for that Purpose, declare in Writing under his, her or their Hands, his, her or their Acquiescence in such Resolution or Resolutions of the said Court of Directors for the Time being, touching his, her or their

Debt, Estate, Interest or Encumbrance so claimed, at any Time or Times before the first Day of au^uji one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; then in all and every such Case and Cases the said true f flees or any three or more of them, Should give Warrant for the Payment and Discharge of every such 1 Debt or Sum of Money so liquidated or adjusted, out of such Moneys as Should come to the Hands of the Cashier of the said south-sea Company for the Time being, for the Purposes in the said Act express fed: And it was by the said Act further enacted, That the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the Time being or any three or more of them, sitting at the same Time and Place and not otherwise, Should, and they were thereby authorized, from Time to Time, to hear and determine all Differences, Disputes and Controversies touch i' ing or concerning any Debts, Estates, Interests or Encumbrances, which Should be claimed within the respective Times therein before limited for making such Claims, and could not or Should not be liqui dated or adjusted between the said Court of Directors for the Time being, and the respective Claimants within the Time being before limited in that Behalf, and all incidents relating thereunto in such Man ' ner as by the said Act is directed: And by the said Act it is further enacted, That the said Justices and 7 ' Barons or any three or more of them, upon a Complaint to be made by or for any Claimant of any such C ' Debt, Estate, Interest or Encumbrance, whose Claims Should not be liquidated or adjusted as aforesaid,

(so as such Complaint be made on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two) Should proceed in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; and the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them, in all Cases where they Should find that any Debt or

bum of Money ought to be paid to such Claimant upon such Claims, or that the Piftate, Interest or In ' cumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof ought to be allowed. Should and might, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, transmit a ' Certificate or Certificates thereof to the said Trustees in the said Act nominated: And by the said Act ' it is provided and enacted, That the Powers given by the said Act to the said Justices and Barons, for hearing and determining such Differences, Disputes and Controversies relating to such Claims as aforesaid, and issuing their Certificates concerning the same as aforesaid, Should continue and be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred twenty and three, and no longer.

And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled,

An Act for prolonging the Times for hearing and determining Claims before the Trustees, in whom the elates S ' of the late south-sea Dirckftrt, and of John Aiflabie, Esquire, and likwife of ]ames Craggsfenior Esquire,

deceased, are Defied, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, several of the Times in the former Act LI ' rnited, have been enlarged to several further Times therein expressed, which Times by the said later

Act

Geo

IS.

Geo.

464

C 23. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

£ Act limited are now expired or near expiringnow forasmuch as the Claims made pursuant to the di redlion of the first recited Act, cannot be adjusted and determined within the Times already limited for the same; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Cfc.

"Time for the Court of Directors of the South sea Company to declare their Satisfaction in any Claims, "enlarged to 24 June 17z4. For the party's declaring their Acquiescence, enlarged to 29 Sept. 1724. For "making Complaints by Claimants of any Debt not adjuiled, enlarged to 29 Sept. 1724. For the Justices determining Disputes, enlarged to 24 March 1724. For their transmitting Certificates to the Trustees, enlarged to z4 June 17z5. Discoverers of Directors Estates concealed to a Baron, or the S Trustees, before 24 Dec. 1723. allowed 30l. percent, if beyond Sea, and 201, percent, if within this Kingdom. Persons in Trull for the late Directors, not discovering before 24 Dec. 1723, to forfeit treble the Value of the Estate, and be imprisoned for a Year, "

EXP.

£ V And whereas the said South sea Company did, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred £ and twenty, take in two Subscriptions for Sale of South sea Stock at one thousand Pounds per Centum, £ which are commonly called their third and fourth Subscriptions, but never gave out any Receipts for the Moneys paid in for the same, whereby to evidence the Title to the said Subscriptions; and whereas £ by Reason of the Errors and Mismanagements of the late Directors of the said Company, their Officers, £ Agents or Servants, the Accounts of the said Subscriptions are so confuted, that it is uncertain how much the same amount unto: And whereas in order to ascertain the same, the said Company or their £ Court of Directors, have, from Time to Time, by public Notice, appointed certain Days, by which £ the Proprietors of the said Subscriptions, should come and demand Stock for the same, but several of the £ said Proprietors, upon Account of Contracts between them and others, for the Purchase or Sale of the £ said Subscriptions or some of them, or on other Accounts, have omitted to make such Demands of £ Stock for their Shares or Interests in such Subscriptions, whereby the Accounts between the said company and the original Subscribers to or for the said Subscriptions are Hill kept open and undetermined, £ to the Prejudice of the said Company and of the public Credit: To the End therefore that the Accounts of the said Company may be set upon a clear Foot, and that it may be ascertained what Stock of the said Company does really and juitly belong to the said Subscriptions, without Prejudice to either Buyers or Sellers, or any other Parties concerned or interested in Contracts for Purchase or Sale of the said Subscriptions or either of them; Be it enacted, et

Original Subscribers to the third and fourth Subscriptions to claim their Stocks, by 24 Dec. 1723. In "Default Subscription void. Not to affect the Force of any Contracts for Purchase of those Subscrin "Rons."

EXP.

Recital of £

VII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, in

7 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C tituled. An Act for making sundry provisions to restore the public Credit, ivbieh fujfers by the Frauds and

Mismanagement of the late Directors of the south-sea Company and others, amongil other Things it was £ enacted, That such Persons (Brokers, or such Persons as have acted as Brokers for Brokerage, excepted) as, at any Time or Times since the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, had borrowed Money from the said South sea Company upon any Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company, actually transferred and pledged (at the Time of borrowing or within one and twenty Days after) to or for the Use of the said Company, or the respective Heirs,

Executs or Administrators of such Persons, who should pay to the Cashier of the said Company for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Company, so much Money as a Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, to be computed on the respective Sums so borrowed, should amount unto, to wit, one Moiety £ thereof on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and the other Moiety thereof on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and £ twenty-two, should (upon such Payment made, or being lawfully tendred and refused, and not other wise) by Force and Virtue of that Act, be discharged of, from and again! all further Demands of the £ said Company, in Law or Equity, for or in respect of the Money so borrowed upon Stock; and that £ all the Stock so transferred and pledged, for which such Payment should be made or lawfully tendred £ and refused, together with the Dividends and Profits belonging or to belong to such Stock respectively be and was by Virtue of the said Act, absolutely vested in the said Company, for the Use and 6 Benefit thereof; and further by the said Act the like Provision was made for such Persons (except as £ aforesaid) as had borrowed Money of the said Company upon Receipts for Money paid on any of their £ Money Subscriptions, actually pledged, for discharging such Loans by a like Payment of a Rate of ten £ Pounds per Centum on the respective Sums so borrowed, in Manner and at the Times before mentioned,

as by the said recited Act, Relation thereto being had, more fully may appear: And whereasfy an Act gi. c. 21. £ of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the £ south-sea Company to difpefe of the ejfccts in their Hands by way of Lottery or Subscription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Annuity payable at the Exchequer; in order to pay the Debts of the said Company, and for the £ Relief of such who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Ad touching Payment of ten Pounds per Centum £ therein mentioned, reciting (amongil other Things) that the first Moiety or half part of the said rate.of £ ten Pounds per Centum, for Money borrowed of the said south-sea Company, was, by the before mentioned Act, limited to be paid on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and diverse Persons intended to be relieved thereby, having lapsed the said Time

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 24, 25. 465

of Payment, were thereby excluded the Benefit of the said Act for the Relief of the Paid Persons, it was thereby enacted, That it any Person or Persons, intended to have the Benefit of the said Act, and who had lapsed the said ime of Payment, should pay a Moiety of the said ten Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty-fifth Day of /, Ipril one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, with Intercll for the said Moiety from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty ic one, then lueli Person or Persons should, upon such Payment made, or lawfully tendred and refused,

1 and not otherwise, be entitled to the Benefit of the first mentioned Act, as fully as if such Payment of the first Moiety of the ten Pounds per Centum had been duly made within the Time limited by the said 7gto i.stat. r. ' first mentioned Add, as in and by the said last recited Act of Parliament, Relation thereto being had, C Is

more fully may appear: And whereas diverse Persons intended to have the Benefit of the said recited b co' c' zt' Acts of Parliament, by Reason of the Difficulties of the then Times by the low State of Credit, were not able to make Payment of the said Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, or some Part thereof, within the Times limited by the said Acts of Parliament, and having lapl ed the said Times of Payment, are CX ' eluded the Benefit thereof; 'For the Relief of the said Persons, Be it enacted, &c.

Borrowers on South sea Stock', who have lapsed their Payments, paying to the company's Cashier so |<£ much as a Rate of io /. percent. on the Sums borrowed. One Moiety by 24 Dec. 1723, and the 1 "other by 24 June 1724, with Interest from 25 June 1720, discharged from all further Demands of the "Company, and the Stock vested in the Company. Broker discharged paying 20l. percent. Claimants Tonne late Directors Estates, who have lapsed their Time, may enter their Claims before the trustees "by 24 June 1723. No Sale already made before 24 May 1723, avoided: But the Debts allowed by "the trustees, to be paid out of Effects in their Hands. Claimers on forged Deeds, or satisfied sel "forfeit the Value of the Thing claimed. All Suits for Debts specified in the Inventories, &c.

"(except by way of Complaint) shall be void. Claims made by Persons residing in Great Britain for "Persons in East india or America, to be heard as if made by the Parties themselves."

EXP.

I

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to oblige ail Persons, being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, to register their Names and Real Estates.

WHEREAS since his Majesty's happy Aeeeflion to the Crown of these Realms, diverse Rebel

EXP.

lions, Insurrections and traitorous Conspiracies have been entered into and carried on, for the Destruction of his Majesty's most sacred Person and Government, the overturning our religious and civil Rights, and for placing a Popish Pretender on the Throne: And whereas the Papists and other Persons refusing to take the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken to his Majesty, have enjoyed, and do still enjoy the Protection and Benefit of the Government, as well as the rest of his Majesty's Subjects, yet have been notoriously concerned in contriving, stirring up and supporting the said Rebellions, Insurrections and Conspiracies, by which it most manifestly appears, that they take themselves to be obliged,

by the Principles they profess, to be Enemies to his Majesty and the present happy Establishment; and forasmuch as it is highly reasonable, that the Government should be thoroughly acquainted with, and apprized of the Number, Names and Real Estates of such disaffected Persons as aforesaid, in order more effectually to prevent, disappoint or punish the like traitorous Attempts for the Future, in such Manner as by the Wisdom of Parliament shall hereafter be thought proper; ' Be it therefore enacted, &c.

"Persons who shall neglect to take the Oaths on or before 25 Dec. 1723, hall before 25 March register "Names and real Estates. In Scotland to take the Oaths before 25 March, or regiftor before "24 June. Or shall forfeit their Lands."

Explained and amended by

10 Geo. 1. r. 4*and see farther

11 Geo. 2. c. 17* 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for applying the Records of the Commissary Court of Aberdeen, burnt or hfl in the late Fire there.

The Time limited by the Act S Geo. 1. c. 28. for bringing in Extracts and Precepts, enlarged for one Year, from the twenty-fifth of March 1723. PR,

Vol. V

O o o

C 26

Anno nono Georgii Regis,

A.D. 1722.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscription for an East-india Company in the Austrian Netherlands, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the Eafi indies.

For former Laws oncer rang this Company refer to

9 VS. 3. r. 44.

/. 46. sequent

\ ft. 1. C j2.

6 Attn, C 3 & 17.

10 Attn. C 2s.

5 Geo. 7. r. i

7 I. £\ 5 21.

After 24 June 1723, none of his Majesty's Subjects shall subscribe to, or be concerned in promoting an East-india Company in the au ftrian Netherlands,

en Forfeiture of their Stock in such foreign Society, and treble Value.

Forfeiture, how to be divided.

Attorney General to p^ofccute.

I. 'K T WHEREAS several Acts and Statutes have been heretofore made and provided by Parliament,

W for the securing to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the ea/hindies the

foie Trade to and from the east indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, in the Paid Acts,

some or one of them particularly mentioned and described, to the Intent that the British Nation might thereby have and enjoy the full Fruits and Advantages of so beneficial a Trade; notwithstanding which Acts, and the Prohibitions, Injunctions and Penalties contained therein, several evil minded Persons ' (Subjects of his Majesty) preferring their own Lucre to the Good of their native Country, have not only in their private Capacities secretly and illegally traded to and from the east indies, and with the Pirates infefting those Seas, but have also openly, and in Defiance of the Laws of this Kingdom, under foreign commissions, fitted out and loaded many great and defensible Ships for Voyages to the ea/i indies, and have corrupted several British Sailors to serve on board such Ships for such Voyages, and of late, with Design totally to elude the good and wholesome Laws made to prevent such Practises as aforesaid, have subscribed, contributed to or promoted the raising, establishing and carrying on a foreign Company,

under a foreign Charter, for carrying on an East india Trade from the Ailftrian Netherlands, taking and providing for themselves Shares and Proportions in the Stock or Capita] of such Company, with Design to engage others of his Majesty's Subjects, as well as themselves, to be concerned in the same Under

by which perfidious and unwarrantable Practises the Trade of this Kingdom is diverted, the

Revenue diminished, and the Treasure thereof exhaustedto prevent therefore such wicked Practises, and more effectually to secure the said East india Trade to his Majesty's Subjects for the future, according to the Laws now in Being; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time or Times from and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, any Person or Persons whatsoever, Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Sutceilbrs, shall contribute or subscribe to, or encourage or promote the raising, establishing or carrying on any foreign Company, Society or Corporation, trading, trafficking or adventuring, or hereafter to trade, traffic or adventure from any Part or Parts of or in the Aujhian Netherlands, in, to or from the East indies, or Places aforesaid, or shall be interested or concerned in his, her or their Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or otherwise howsoever, in any Part or Share of or in the Capital, Principal Stock or Actions of any such foreign Company, Society or Corporation as aforesaid, or shall make any Payments in Money, or by Bills of Exchange, Remittances or otherwise for or towards the raising, t'upporting, sustaining, encouraging or promoting such foreign Company, Society or Corporation, or the Trade or Traffic thereof, or shall subscribe, contribute to, encourage or promote the raising, establishing or carrying on any other foreign Company or Companies hereafter to be raised, formed or erected, for trading or dealing to the east indies or Parts aforesaid, or shall become interested in or entitled unto any Share in the Stock or Capital of such last mentioned Company or Companies; every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit all his, her and their Interest, Share, proportion and Concern in the Capital, Principal Stock or Actions of any such foreign Company, Society or Corporation as aforesaid, together with treble the Value thereof; one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the remaining two third Parts thereof to the Use of the said United Company, if they shall inform, sue or prosecute for the same; or otherwise, one third Part of such two Thirds shall be to the Use of such Person or Persons as ftial! inform or sue for the same, such Informer or Prosecutor first taking such Directions and Consent as hereafter is mentioned for that Purpose; the said Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That

against any Person or Persons who shall have subscribed, contributed to, encouraged or promoted, or any ways become interested or concerned in the raising, establishing or carrying on any such foreign Company, Society or Corporation as aforesaid, or the Stock, Capital, Trade or Traffic thereof, for the discovery of such his, her and their Offence, remitting or waiving in every such Bill, the said Forfeiture of the treble Value of the offender's Stock, Interest, Share, Proportion and Concern in the Principal Stock or Actions of any such foreign Company, Society or Corporation, and infilling only on the single Value thereof, and thereupon such Person and Persons shall answer the said Bill or Bills, and not plead or demur to the Discovery thereby sought, and in such Case the single Value only of such Interest, Share, Proportion and Concern shall be decreed to be paid by such Offender or Offenders; one third Part whereof

shall

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C. 26. 467

ball he yielded and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success ors, and the remaining two third Parts thereof to the Use of the said United Company.

III. Provided also nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Common 1.1-

That if before any Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced for the Recovery of the Penalties aforesaid, liow i

ither by his Majesty's Attorney General, or the said United Company, any common Informer orlnfor Prof,: cul c j; C ners shall go to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and make known to them the Offence committed, and his or their Intentions to sue or prosecute for the lame at Law; and if inlteid thereof the said Court of Directors fli2ll ekbt to have the Suit or Prosecution brought or commenced by. Bill or Bills of Complaint, to be filed or exhibited in his Majesty's said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, then and in every such Case, there shall) be yielded and paid to fuels common Informer or Informers, one third Part of the remaining two third Parts of the Angle Value of the said Intercll and Concern, when recovered; but if the said Court of Directors shall debt to have the Suit or Prosecution commenced for jthe Penalties or f orfeitures by Information or Action of Debt at Law, then the said Informer or infor jrners shall and may accordingly sue and prosecute for the same at Law, and the said Information or Action shall be proceeded upon, and shall not be discontinued or determined, but by and with the Content of the said United Company, or their Court of Directors.

IV. And for the more effectual Discovery of the Interest, Share, Proportion or Concern of any of his suoj?fts accept Majesty's Subjects, of or in the Capital, Principal or Stock of any such foreign Company, Society or 'ns {uttlsharc, > Corporation as aforesaid, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person 'notjifcoverinsin or Persons, Subject or Subjects of his Majesty whatsoever, shall have accepted of any Trust or Trulls, f, X Months, for or shall know of any Interest, Share, Part, Proportion or Concern, which any of his Majesty's Sub feit treble Value, jjects shall have or be entitled to in any such foreign Company, Society or Corporation as aforesaid, and shall not within six Months next after his, her or their accepting such Trust, or coming to the Knowledge of such Interest, Share, Proportion or Concern as aforesaid, truly discover and difelofe in Writing sc same to the said United Compan}', or their Court of Directors for the Time being, every Person so (offending shall forfeit treble the Value of the Interest, Share, Proportion or Concern so accepted in Trust,

Or so known, and not discovered as aforesaid; Moeity thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein

no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; or otherwise,

such Offender and Offenders shall, at the Discretion of the Court where the Prosecution is com or imprisoned

menced, suffer Imprisonment by the Space of one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize for a

y. And be it further enacted by the Authority afeiresaid. That every Person who shall., within the perf0qs w; thm Time above limited for that Purpose, voluntarily come to the Court of Directors of the said United Com the Time limi pany, and make a true Discovery in Writing of the Interest, Share, Part, Proportion or Concern oftetj discovering, ny of his Majesty's Subjects in the Capital, Principal or Stock of any such foreign Company, Society have ivioiety or Corporation as aforesaid, then every such Person, making such Discovery, shall have and receive, out or el

of the Forfeitures arising or to arise upon or by Virtue of this Act, by, from and out of the Estate or Estates of such Person and Persons so interested or concerned in any such foreign Company, Society or Corporation as aforesaid, one Moiety or half part of the clear Amount of such Forfeitures; and the Court, in which the Prosecution against such Offender or Offenders shall be commenced, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby directed to award to the Person making such Discovery, such Reward as aforesaid;

; And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Sub Subjects (except ject or Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (other than such as are lawfully authorised there lawfully autho unto) shall at any Time or H imes front and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our rize<1) B "ing ts Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, go, fail, or repair to, or be, or be found in or at the East indies, or any the Places aforesaid, every Person and Persons so offending are, and are hereby de demeanour dared to be guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanour, and shall and may be prosecuted for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and such Person and Persons so offending, being pena]tjt convicted thereof, shall be liable to such corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, or to such Fine, as the Court where such Prosecution shall be commenced shall think fit; one Moiety of such Fine to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall inform and sue for the same.

VII. And if is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per offenders may fons so offending, shall and may be seized and brought to England, and it shall and may be lawful to and be feiaed,

for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required to commit all and every such Person and Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until sufficient and committed Security be given by natural born Subjects or Denizens, to appear in the Court where such Suit or Pro till Security, C fecution shall be commenced or depending, to answer the same, and not to go or depart out of Court, or out of this Kingdom, without the Leave of the said Court.

VIII. And to the Intent that this Act, and the Laws heretofore made for encouraging, settling and fe jcuring, or for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies

jand Parts aforesaid, may more effectually be put in Execution; Be it further enacted by the Authority A Capias in the aforesaid, That a Capias in the first Process shall and may issue upon any Bill, Plaint, Indiblment or In first Hrocefs may formation, commenced, found, filed or prosecuted, for, upon or by Reason of any the Offences men 'llueon allsfiled

tfonedg*

4-68 C 27. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

tioned in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts made for the encouraging, settling, securing or better Louring the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies and Parts aforesaid, or for. preventing all or any unlawful Trade thereto or therefrom; which Capias shall specify the Sum of the Baii byna'ufa'r pena'lt: y jued fr 5 an such Offender and Offenders shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security by born Subjects. natural born Subjects or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court, out of which such Capias shall issue at the Day or Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; shall likewise, at the Time of such appearing, give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all tyre Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence and Offences, in case he, she or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their Body or Bodies to Prison. urnaft and "he IX. An it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Offence and ocher Acts here Offences committed or done against this Act, or against one Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of enumerated, may his late Majesty King WILLIAM, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two millions, upon a be laid in Lon Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the, d' Trade to the East indies, or against one other Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for tioe better securing the la uful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East jndies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissms, 5 A^jlr

7'

don or mid diefex9& io W,

This Act, and 5 Geo. i. C 2, 1 and 7 Geo. i. Stat. I. C 2l. public Acts. Act 5 Geo. i.

and ihe Isle of Thanet, shall and may, from and after the fourteenth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be laid or alleged to be in the City of London or County of Middlesex, at the Pleasure of the Informer or Prosecutor.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and also the said Acts made in the fifth and seventh Years of his said present Majesty's Reign, in all and every the Clauses, Articles and Parts thereof, shall be and be deemed, construed and adjudged to be public Acts, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: furthermore, that the said Act made in the fifth Year of his said majesty's Reign, shall Hand, continue and be in full Force and Virtue for seven Years, to be computed fe V e ny etc rom t lc yean twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and fromta"the?cont"i'thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; anything therein to the con mued by 20 Geo. trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

C 47.'

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Com

Jf the Company pany shall first inform, sue or prosecute for any of the Offences committed contrary to all or any the first inform, the Laws or Statutes made for encouraging, settling or securing to the said Company the lawful Trade to' Wtirres ibau^de" an trorrl tac Eaf indies, or for preventing any unlawful Trade thereto or therefrom, that then the Part, volve upon them" Share and Proportion of the Penalties and Forfeitures otherwise given or appointed, in and by any of the said Acts, to any other Person or Persons that Should sue or inform for the same, shall devolve upon, and he to the Use of the said United Company, although such Information, Suit or Prosecution be commenced by the said Company after the Time limited by Law for the Suit, Prosecution or Information of the common Informer is elapsed.

XII. Provided alwaj s. That if any Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced upon or by Virtue of any the aforesaid former Act or Acts, then and in such Case the Offender or Offenders shall not be sued or

If Suit be commenced on the

Ofthnders not to prosecuted upon this Act, or any Branch or Article thereof, except such Suit or Prosecution be by Bill or Bills of Complaint in the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer.

be sued on this Act, except by Bill of Complaint. I Gw. 3. C 14,

Concerning Eaf india Company see farther 3 Geo. 2. c. 14 & 20. 12 Geo. 2. c. 22. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 27 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for preventing Journeymen Shoemakers selling, exchanging or pawning Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Cut Leather or other Materials for making Boots, Shoes or Slippers, and for bettor

former Laws concerning Shoemakers, C see r3 it. 2. ji. 1. C 12.

21 R. 2. C 16. 4 U 4- r 35-2 It. 6. C 7.

A Ed. 4. C 7.

14 Sf 15 II s.

C 9.

2 & j Ed. 6.

ter regulating the said Journeymen.

I.

5 & 6 Ed. 6.

HEREA.S great Frauds and Abuses are frequently practised by Journeymen shoemakers, V and others employed as such in the Art or Mystery of Cordwainers, and their Accomplices, in purloining, imbeziliing, selling, pawning or exchanging for worse, the good Leather, and other Materials delivered to or entrusted with them, for making Boots, Shoes, Slippers and other Wares; and it is necessary to make further Provision for discovering and punishing such Offences, and for better regulating the said Journeymen May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Journeyman Shoemaker or other Person hired or employed as such, within the Bills of Mortality, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be accused by the Master so hiring or employing such Jour

2 Jac. 1. C 22. 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 7. 1 IE, & M. St. i, C 33.

neyman

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 27. 469

jneyman or other Person aforesaid, of having, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one tiioufand seven hundred and twenty-three, fraudulently purloined, embezilled, sold, pawned or exchanged, any On due Prof of Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Cut Leather, Lace, Silk, Lasts or other Materials for making Boots, Shoes, journeyman's Slippers, or other Ware:, not being the proper Goods of the Person so accused, it shall and may be law purloining Boots, full to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or ca i, T iplace where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Party so accused shall reside or inhabit, and Inch mr; conv't' Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information upon Oath of such Offence (which Oath or Oaths such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) to summon the Party or Parties complained of, or to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, to apprehend and bring before him or them the Person or Persons so accused, complained of or suspected, and upon his or their Appearance, or Default to appear, to proceed to examine the Matter of Sass with which they are charged, and upon due Proof thereof made, either by Confession of the Party or Parties j so accused, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Person or Persons, to determine the same, and to convict the Offender or Offenders, and upon such conviction immediately to award to the Party anl or Parties injured, reasonable Recompense and Satisfaction for the Damage, Loss and Charges by them saiivwtion fcr, sustained, and upon the neglecting or refusing immediately to pay the same, to levy the same by Warrant Bmig: fu er Warrants, under the Hand and Seal, or Stands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners thereof, and for want of sufficient Distress, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be whipped in the Parish or Place which may tc where the Offence shall be committed; and in Case of Conviction for any second or other such Offence, bydiftrefe* to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain and to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet and reasonable.

II. And for the more effectual deterring and punishing Accomplices and Confederates in the said Frauds and Abuses, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, buy or receive, or take in pawn, of or from any Journeyman shoe maker, or other Person hired or employed as such, in Manner as aforesaid, or from any other Person whatsoever any Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Cut Leather, Lace, Silk, Lasts or other Materials for making Boots, Shoes, Slippers or other Wares, nor

1 being the proper Goods of the Person or Persons selling or pawning, or offering to sell or pawn the same, shall for every such Offence (being lawfully convicted thereof, in Manner as aforesaid) make such reason Confederates able Recompense within two Days after the Matter of fact shall be determined, as upon hearing of the liable to the fanre same shall be awarded, in Manner as aforesaid, or else be subject to such Distress, and for want of suffi Puniilimenc'. cient Distress, to be liable to the like Punishment as is hereby inflicted, or intended to be inflicted on such Journeyman, Journeymen or other Person or Persons, so purloining, imbezilling, selling, pawning or exchanging such Goods or Materials as aforesaid.

III. Ami for the more effectual discovering where any such Leather or other Materials as aforesaid, which from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall be fraudulently sold, exchanged or pawned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Justices may if may be lawful for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling within the Limits sue Warrants, aforesaid, upon any Complaint or Information upon Oath, to iftlie their Warrant or Warrants for search j ^uathtr&e ing in the daytime, the House, Warehouse or other Place of such Person or Persons, as such Justices purloined' shall have just Cause to suspect to have received, bought or taken to pawn, any such Goods so fraudulently embezilled or purloined as aforesaid, and for that Purpose, upon Refusal, to break open any such House,

Warehouse or other Place, if there shall be Occasion; that every Person who shall oppose and hinder

such Search, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, within two Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein

no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Order of Restraint, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and if it shall appear by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

or upon search of such House, Warehouse or other Place it shall be found such Person or Persons hath or

have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such Goods so fraudulently sold, exchanged or pawned

as aforesaid, such Justices shall cause the same to be restored to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Pro And may cause

prietors thereof, and oblige the Party or Parties so offending, to make Recompense and Satisfaction to pawned Coots re

such Owner, for the loss and Damage in Detaining such Goods, and Charges in getting the same, and oj'0°reiit*

upon Refusal of the Party or Parties so to do, to be subject to the like Punishment as shall be inflicted, '"

or hereby provided to be inflicted, on such Journeyman or Agent, or other Person so fraudulently embe

zilling, purloining, selling, exchanging or pawning any such Goods as aforesaid.

IV. And for the better regulating the said Journeymen Shoemakers, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time hereafter be retained or Persons retain;: ! employed in the making up of any Boots, Shoes and Slippers, or other Wares, for any one Master, ^rethewo te and shall neglect the Performance thereof, by suffering himself to be retained or employed by any red by a other Master, or other Person whatsoever, before he or they shall have completed the same, and finished former is done, the said Work first delivered to him or them, then in every such Case, every Person so offend shall be fern to ing, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or the H "ule of Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace where the Offences shall be committed, the Cctr: ai!: > Person or Persons so convicted shall be sent to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour

for any Time not exceeding one Month,

470 C 23. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

t'c: fonsaeerie«d V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person aggrieved by any Order or Orders miy appeilto to be made by any such Justice or Justices, to appeal to the next Quarter sessions of the Peace to be the Sessions. hblder. for the County, City, Town or Place where such Order shall be made, giving eight Days Notice of such Appeal, and such Justices at their Quarter sessions shall hear the Matter, and shall have Power to Sr, farther iz make Satisfaction to either Party, as to them shall seem just, w'nose Determination therein shall be final.

Ore. 3 a 35.

CAP. XXV III

An act for more effectual Execution of Justice in a pretended privileged Place in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Surrey, commonly called the Mint; and for bringing to speedy and exemplary Justice such Offenders as are therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to such Persons as are proper Objects of Charity and Companion there.

WHEREAS it is notorious, that many evil disposed and wicked Persons have, in Defiance of the known Laws of this Realm, and to the great Dishonour thereof, unlawfully assembled and aflbeiated themselves in and about a certain Place in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Surrey,

commonly called or known by the Name of Suffolk place, or the Mint, and have assumed to themselves 1 (by unlawful Combinations and Confederacies) pretended Privileges, altogether scandalous and unwar rantable, and have committed great Frauds and Abuses upon many of his Majesty's good Subjects, and by Force and Violence protected themselves, and their wicked Accomplices, against Law and Justice

£ whereas it is evident, that an Act: made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes, and for preventing Abuses in Prisons and pretended privileged Places, hath not proved effectual with - in the said Place, commonly called Suffolk place, or the Mint; and it is absolutely necessary, that furl there Provision should be made for more effectually abolishing the pretended Privileges aforesaid, and for £ bringing all Offenders in the Premises to more speedy and exemplary Justice May it therefore.please your mostexcellentmajesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, within the said Place, commonly called stiff.'olk place, or the Mint, in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Surrey, or within Persons opposing any the Limits, or pretended Limits thereof, knowingly and wilfully obstruct or oppose any Person or the Execution of Persons, serving, or endeavouring or attempting to serve or execute any Writ, or any Rule or Order of hvn, E' rh't L any Court of Law or Equity, or other legal Process whatsoever, or any Escape Warrant, or any War. nt e pum. or yarran( s of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or shall assault or abuse any Person or Persons serving, or executing any such Writ, Rule, Order, Process or Warrant, or for having so done, whereby any such Person or Persons shall receive any Damage or bodily hurt; every Person so knowingly and willingly offending in the Premises, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner, and for such Time, and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in other Cases are by Law to be transported.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, upon any Complaint or Complaints at any Time or Times to be made to any three or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, by any Person or Persons, who have or hath, or shall have any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, due or owing to him, her or them, from any Person or Persons now being, or which hereafter shall be or reside within the said Place or Places, commonly called Suffolk place, or the Mint, or within any the Limits, or pretended Limits thereof (such Creditor having any legal Writ or Process taken out for prosecuting Recovery, or levying any such Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, and making Oath before such Justices of the Peace, or any of them, that a Debt or Debts, exceeding fifty Pounds at the least, is justly due to him, her or them, from the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and that such Creditor verily believes, that such Person or Persons doth then reside or remain within such Place or Places as aforesaid) It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, in all and every such Case and Cases (if they in their Discretions shall jafticesmayifitue find it to be requisite) to issue their Warrant or Order, from time to time, to the sheriff of the County Warrants to the of Surrey, or to the Bailiff of the Liberty of the Borough of Southwark, for the Time being, thereby Sheriff, C for ffri^ly enjoining and requiring him or them, his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, Officer or Of. &c"to arrest °&c' ficers (under such Penalty, as by this Act is prescribed for nonperformance of his or their Duty therein) Persons owing to raise and take the pojje Comitatus, or such other Power or Force, as to the said Justices, or any three above 591. or more of them, shall seem requisite, and enter the said pretended privileged Place, called Suffolk place, or the Mint, and the Limits, 01 pretended Limits thereof, and every or any Part thereof, and to arrest, and in Case of Resistance or Refusal, to open or break open any Door or Doors to arrest such Person or Persons, upon any Mesne Process, or other Process, Extent or Execution, and to seize the Goods of any Sheriff, C re such person.br Persons, upon any Execution or Extent; and if any such Sheriff or Chief Bailiff', or any fusing to execute his or their Deputy or Deputies, Officer of Officers, or any of them, shall neglect or reftife, upon any Process, forfeits such Warrant or Order, with such Force, to use his or their hest Endeavours for the Executing of such Plaintiff. Process, Execution or Extent, he or they so lieglgfting or refusing to execute such Process, Execution

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 28. 471

or Extent, shall forfeit to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Person or Persons shall refill: or 0|jpose Perfom oppr.sing

any Officer or Officers of Justice, or any Person or Persons, who shall be aiding or assisting to such Offi Officers, ut fliilt

cer or Officers in the Execution of any Writ, or any Escape Warrant, or any Warrant or Warrants of b. c. uinfporwl.

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any legal Process, Execution or Extent, within the said Place

called Siffolk place, or the Mint, or within any the Limits, or pretended Limits thereof, or shall make

Refcous of any Prisoner taken upon any such Writ, Process, Execution or Extent, within the Place or

Limits aforesaid, or shall there knowingly harbour or conceal any Prisoner so taken, or any Person or Persons, who refeued any such Prisoner, or shall be any Ways contriving, or knowingly and willingly

abetting, aiding or assisting, in refilling any such Officer or Officers, or in refeuing any such Prisoner or Prisoners taken as aforesaid, or shall presume to exercise any unlawful jurisdiction, or make or execute,

or join in the making or executing any pretended Rule, Order or Ordinance, for supporting any pretended

Privilege within the said Place called Siffolk place, or the Mint, or any the Limits, or pretended Limits

thereof, contrary to Law, or for opposing or hindering the due Execution of any legal Process, or any

lawful Warrant, or any Rule, Order or Decree of any Court of Law or Equity, all and every Person and Persons so offending, 'being thereof lawfully convicted upon any fndiiftment or Information to be brought

or hied within six Months after the Offence committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be

transported to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means and

Methods, and in such Manner, and for such Time, and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in

other Cases are by Law to be transported.

III. And for more effectually preventing for the future the great and enormous Mischiefs and Abuses,

which have been riotously committed and done within the said Place called Siffolk place, or the Alint,

6 or within any the Limits, or pretended Limits thereof, by wicked Persons in Vizards, Masks, or dil guised Habits, or having their Faces or Bodies disguised Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, any Person or Persons whatsoever; wearing any Vizard, Mask, or difguized Habit, or having his or their Faceor Faces, or Body Perform disguised or Bodies disguised, shall within the said Place called Suffolk place, or the Mint, or within any the Limits, beton or pretended Limits thereof, join in, or aid or abet any Riot or Tumult there, or shall, in any Vizard, Yeions ctme Mask, or other Disguise whatsoever, knowingly and willingly there oppose the Execution of any legal Process, Order or Warrant, or assault and abuse any Person or Persons serving or executing any such Process, Order or Warrant, or for having so done; all and every such Person and Persons, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall forfeit and suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and all Persons aiding, assisting or abetting, or knowingly har concealers, C bouring or concealing any such disguised Person or Persons, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged tobetianfponed. guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner, and for such Time, and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in other Cases are by Law to be transported.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, all and every Person and Persons, who shall apprehend

and take any Person or Persons, guilty of any of the Offences before mentioned, and prosecute such the Record rm Person or Persons until he or they be convicted, shall have and receive, for every such Offender so convicted, the Sum of forty Pounds, to be paid by the Sheriff of the County of Surrey, without any Deduc The Sum of 40l. tion or See for the same, within one Month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made, by tendring to be paid by a Certificate to the said Sheriff, under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom such Of the Sheriff on fender or Offenders shall be convicted, certifying the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, and that he or they were taken by the Person or Persons claiming the said Reward; and in case any Dispute shall r'en ers' arise between the Persons so apprehending any of the said Offenders, touching their Right and Title to the said Reward, that then the said Judge or Justices, so respectively certifying as aforesaid, shall in and by his and their said Certificate, direct and appoint the said Reward to and amongst the Parties claiming Dilutes touch the same, in such Shares and Proportions, as to the said Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; the Reward, and if it shall happen any such Sheriff shall die or be removed after such Conviction and Demand made ho.vv tobedeter of the said Reward (the same not being paid as aforesaid) that then the next succeeding Sheriff of the said mined county of Surrey shall pay the same, within one Month after Demand, and Certificate brought as aforesaid; if Default of Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money shall happen to be mn de by any fuel) on Death er Sheriff", the Sheriff making Default hall forfeit to the Person and Persons, to whom such Money shall Removal oi she b. c. due as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money such Sheriff' ougfit to have paid, to be recovered riff his Successor with double Costs of Suit by the Person or Persons aforesaid, or his or their Executors or Admini pay there strators, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint ward'&c' or Information, wherein no Eilbin, Privilege, Proteclioh or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall happen to be killed by any The Esecutms, such Offender or Offenders, endeavouring to apprehend, or in making Pursuit after him or them, that cof pe.fons then the Executors or Administrators or such Person or Persons, to whom the Right of Administration of kitlej byoflen t'ne Personal Estate of each Person so killed shall belong (upon Certificate delivered under the Hands and to th/iop1? Seals of the Judge or Justices of Assize for the County where the Fast was done, or the two next Justices of the Peace, of such Person or Persons being so killed, which Certificate the said Judge or Justices, upon sufficient Proof before him or them made, is and are hereby required immediately to give without Fee or

Reward)

472 C 29. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

Reward) hall receive the Sum of forty Pounds from the Sheriff of the County where the said Fast was done and committed, and upon Failure of Payment thereof by the said Sheriff, such Sheriff hall forfeit double the said Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered against him, with double Costs of Suit, in Manner

aforesaid.

Sheriffs, &c.cn

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sheriffs, their Executors or Administrators, upon pro rroducing^re^jucing sich respective Certificates, and the Receipts for the Money by them paid in Pursuance of this showed the°mo Act, shall be allowed, and are hereby empowered to deduct, upon their accounting with his Majesty, his neypaicipovfu.ini Heirs and Successors, all Moneys (other than the forfeited Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs of Suit) to this Act. which they shall disburse as aforesaid, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever,

Rhs Sheriff how

VII. Provided always, That if upon the Account of any Sheriff there shall not be sufficient in the to be reimbursed. Hands of such Sheriff to reimburse him such Moneys paid by him by Virtue of this Act, that then the Sheriff having so paid the said Moneys, shall have the same repaid by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, out of the Revenue of the Crown, or by Record of Surplusage upon any other Sheriff indebted to his Majesty, upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that Effect.

himr'lf^uilt S

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Apprehender and and not in Pr! Prosecutor is guilty of any the Offences aforesaid, every such Apprehender and Prosecutor, not being in tonne, on convict Prison for any the said Offences, and convicting two or more Persons of any the Offences aforesaid, shall ing two Perf, ns, not only have the aforesaid p.eward of forty Pounds, but hall also have, and is hereby entitled to his ma the ol" anta m°ft gracious Pardon, for any of the said Offences committed at any Time or Times before Dif

Pardon.* 3n a covery made of such other two or more Persons so to be convicted as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas it is notorious, that dangerous Riots and Tumults have been frequently occasioned, ' and great Mischiefs done by many Inhabitants in the said Place, commonly called Suffolk place, or the mii.t, unlawfully assembling themselves, and with Force opposing the Execution of legal Process, so that it hath been necessary for suppressing such Riots and Tumults, and to enforce due Execution of the Law, to raise the Pojfe Coniitatus, or some other extraordinary power be it therefore enacted by the Charge of raising Authority aforesaid, That the necessary Charge of raising the Posse Coniitatus, or such other Power as he, f? /'".w aforesaid, for enforcing the due Execution of this Act, or the said former Act, or for better effecting the >0 C t r y. purposes thereof, shall be paid by the said Sheriff and allowed in his Accounts, or be repaid by the of of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, out of the Revenue of the Crown, or by Record of Surplusage upon any other Sheriff in Debt upon his Account, upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that Effect.

X Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to repeal or S w. 3. make void the said recited Act of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King C. 7 n°lrep" ' wili.iam the Third, or any other Law in Force, against pretended privileged Places, or for suppressing tj 1 l!s c' Riots or Tumults, but that the same shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be in full Force and Effect, as if this Act had never been made, except in such Cases touching which other Provision is made by this Act.

XI. And forasmuch as there may he inhabiting or residing in the said Place called Suffolk place, or the Mint, or within the Limits thereof, some Persons, who by Misfortunes in Trade, or other Accidents or Calamities, have been reduced to such Necessities, as have obliged them to take Shelter or Protection there; and it may be reasonable and convenient to give some Relief to such Objects of Charity and Compassion, upon their faithful discovering upon Oath, and delivering up, and aligning all their Estates and Effects whatsoever, for the Benefit of their Creditors, as is herein after directedf Be it there fore enacted, C

u

u

Concerning Prifo 64 nrrs, C see ic

fariip* u Geo. is J. C 22.

11 Gus, 2. C 20.

16 Geo. 2. c. 31. CC 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 CC

<3 '7*

7, 2 C'SO. 2. C 28.

Inhabitants of the Mint assigning over their Effects, fs'c, are to be discharged from Arrests, C Notice must be given thirty Days before the Sessions to the Creditors of the Party petitioning to be discharged. Clerk of the Peace to give a Duplicate of Discharge, on Pain of 5l. Inhabitants, C perjuring the rnft Ives, deemed Felons. Persons discharged are not to be imprisoned for Debts due before t'ne 11th of February 1722. General Issue pleadable. Others than the Persons discharged by this Act are answerable as before. No discharge good, if not obtained before 10 July 1724. Bankrupts not entitled to the Benefit of this Act. Discharges fraudulently obtained, void. Petitioner, {jfr. to leave with the justices a List of his Creditors, tsfc. Persons owing more than 50l. C not to be discharged. No Shelterer to gain a Settlement without paying to the Poor, 'or serving an Office."

EXP.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enable Lords of Manors more easily to recover their Fines, and to exempt Infants and Femes Covert from Forfeitures of their Copyhold Estates in particular Cases.

WHEREAS some Doubts have arisen in the Law concerning the Power of Lords of Manors that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales, to seize the Copy

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Manors, on the Neglect or Refusal of Persons to come in, and be admitted Tenants of the same Therefore for ascertaining the Law, and Ik providing a reasonable and proper Remedy for the Lords of Manors to compel the Admission of their Tenants; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of t] the Lords Sphitual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 29. 473

of the same, That where any Person or Persons, being under the Age of one and twenty Years, or Feme or Femes Covert, shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be entitled, by Descent or Surrender to the Use of a Last Will, to be admitted Tenant or Tenants of any Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Dominion of tfaks, they the said Infants or Femes Covert, not Fcm fovmi having been admitted thereto, and not having paid their Fines, every such Infant or Feme Covert, in, nd m, y their proper Persons, or such Feme Covert by her Attorney, or such Infant by his or her Guardian or [t? ^hoidetl t Guardians, if he or she shall have any such; and in case he or Ihc shall have no Guardian or Guardians, t, y tlii Auar" then by his or her Attorney or Attorneys (for which Purpose such Infants and Femes Covert shall be and ncy or Guardian, are hereby empowered, by Writing under his or her Hand and Seal respectively, to appoint an Attorney or Attorneys on his or her Behalf) shall come to, and appear at, one of the three next Courts, which shall be kept (for the keeping whereof the usual Notice shall be given) for such Manor or Manors, whereof j such Messuages. Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be Parcel, and shall there tender and offer khemselves to the Lord or his Steward of such Courts, to be admitted Tenants to all and every the said imeffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so surrendered, defeended or come to, or to the Use of every such Infant or Feme Covert: To make which Appearance, and to take such Admittance in Behalf of such Infant or Feme Covert, such Guardian and Attorney shall be, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required; And in Default of the Appearance of such Infants or Femes Covert, in their own Persons, or by their Guardians or Attorneys in that Behalf, and of Acceptance of such Admittance las aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of every such Manor and Manors, or his and their Steward and Stewards of the Courts thereof, after such three several Courts have been duly held for such Manor or Manors, and Proclamations in such several Courts been regularly made,

'to nominate and appoint at any subsequent Court or Courts, to be held for such Manor or Manors,

; any fit Person to be Guardian or Attorney for every such Infant or Feme Covert for that Purpose only, indefauitof and by such Guardian or Attorney, to admit every such Infant or Feme Covert to all and every tiae said their Appearance Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, according to such Estates as such Infants or Femes the Lord^Covert shall be legally entitled to therein; and upon every such Admittance, to impose and set such Fine jfapal&ca uac' and Fines, as might have been legally imposed and set, if such Infant so admitted had been of full Age, or if such Feme Covert had been foie and unmarried.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every such Admittance or Admittances Sines of Feme

[. of any Infant or Feme Covert as aforesaid, the fine or Fines imposed and set thereupon, shall and may Coverts, C in be demanded by the Bailiff or Agent of the Lord or Lords of such Manors, by a Note in Writing signed by the Lord of such Manor, or by his Steward, to be left with such Infant or Feme Covert, or with the eman a Guardian of such Infant or Husband of such Feme Covert, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the messuages, Lands or Tenements, to which such Infant or Feme Covert was admitted; and that if in such &c'

Case the said Fine or Fines so imposed and set, be not paid or tendred to such Lord or Lords, or to his enrer and receive or their Steward or Stewards, within three Months after such Demand made, that then it shall and may the Profits of the be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, where such Admittance or Admit copyhold till he tances are had, to enter into and upon all and every the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and is satisfied, C Hereditaments, to which any such Infant or Feme Covert shall be so admitted, and to hold and enjoy the same, and to receive the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof, but without Liberty to sell any 'Limber Handing thereon, for so long Time only and until by such Rents, Hues and Profits, such Lord or Lords shall be fully paid and satisfied such Fine and Fines, together with all reasonable and necessary Costs and Charges, which such Lord or Lords shall have been put unto in levying and raising the same, and in obtaining the Possession of such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, although such Infant or Feme Covert shall happen to die before such Fine and Fines, and the Costs and Charges aforesaid, shall be raised and collected; of all which Rents, Hues and Profits, so to be received by such Lord The lonj to acor Lords of such Manor or Manors, or his or their Stewards, Bailiffs or Servants, upon the Occasion counl aforesaid, such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, shall yearly and every Year, upon Demand to be made by such Person or Persons, who shall be entitled to the Surplus of the Rents and Profits, over and above what will pay and satisfy such Fine and Costs and Charges so received as aforesaid, or by such Person or Persons, as shall be then entitled to such Copyhold Ellate, give and render a jul and true Account, and shall pay the said Surplus Rents, Issues and Profits, if any, to such Person and Persons, as shall be respectively entitled to the same.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as such Fine or Fines, and the Colls, Charges and Expenses aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied, of if after such Seizure of, and Entry upon such Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, such Fine or Fines, and the Costs and Charges aforesaid, shall be lawfully tendred and offered to be paid and satisfied to the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, that then in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for such Infant or Feme Covert, or other Person entitled thereto, to enter upon, 'and take Possession of, and hold the said Copyhold Premisses, according to such Ellate or Interest, as he or foe shall be lawfully entitled to therein; and the Lord and Lords of such Manor or Manors shall, and

is and are hereby required, in any of the said Cases, to deliver Poffdiion thereof accordingly; and if such An

Lord or Lords of such Manor, after such Fine or Fines, and the Costs and Charges aforesaid shall be Sadsfaflion'of" fully paid and satisfied, or after the same shall have been tendred or offered to be paid as aforesaid, shall the Fines, refuse to deliver the Possession of the said Copyhold Premises as aforesaid, he or she shall be liable to, and shall make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons so kept out of Possession, for all the Damages that

Vol. V Ppp he

Guardians or Husbands paying Fines, may reim burle themselves cut of the Rents of the Copyhold.

No Forfeiture to be incurred by Feme Coverts, see. for not appearing, or refuting to pay Fines,

Fines not warranted by cu ftom, C may be controverted.

This assis made more effectual by

10 Geo. i. C 7.

11 & is W. 3, C 5*

2 Anne. 7.

Geo. ic. 13.

C 30. Anno nono Georgii Regis. A.D. 1722.

he or she shall thereby sustain, and all the Costs and Charges that he or file shall be put unto for Recovery thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Infant or Feme Covert shall be admitted to any Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, if the Guardian of such Infant, or Husband of such Feme Covert, shall pay to the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, the Fine or Fines legally imposed and set upon such Admittance or Admittances, and the Costs and Charges which such Lord of such Manors shall have been put unto as aforesaid; then it shall and may be lawful to and for every Guardian of such Infant, or Husband of such Feme Covert, their Executors and ad ministrators, to enter into, and to hold and enjoy all and every the said Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to which such Infant or Feme Covert shall be so admitted, and the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof to receive and take to his and their own Use, until thereby such Guardian of such Infant, or Husband of such Feme Covert, their Executors and Administrators, shall be fully satisfied and paid all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, as they shall respectively pay and disburse upon the Account aforesaid, notwithstanding the Death or Deaths of such Infants or Femes Covert shall happen before such Sum or Sums of Money so expended shall or may be so raised and reimbursed.

V. Provided alwaj's, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the aforesaid, twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, no Infant or Feme Covert shall forfeit any Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales, for their Neglect or Refusal to come to any Court or Courts to be kept for any Manor or Manors, whereof such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are Parcel, and to be admitted thereto, nor for the Omission, Denial or Refusal of any such Infant or Feme Covert, to pay any Fine or Fines, imposed or set upon their or any of their Admittances to any such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That if the said Fine or Fines, imposed in any of the Cases before mentioned, shall not be warranted by the Custom of the Manor, or shall be unlawful, that then such Infant' or Feme Covert shall be at Liberty to controvert the Legality of such Fine or Fines, in such Manner as he or she might have done, if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness.

WHEREAS the repairing and keeping clean the Harbours of this Kingdom is of great Use and Benefit to Trade and Navigation: And whereas, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, an Act was made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, ' whereby a Duty of threepence per Tun was laid upon all such Ships and Vessels as are therein described, ' for raising the Sum of thirty thousand and one hundred Pounds; which said Duty was to commence from the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, and to continue to the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine: And whereas the said 6 AH was, by another AH made in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, continued from the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and nine, until the first Day of May ' one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and the said two ahs are, by another AH made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, further continued from the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven: And whereas it is found, that the said Sum of thirty thousand and one hundred Pounds is not sufficient for the Purposes of the said ahs (several Breaches, and other unforeseen Accidents, having happened by Storms, and the Rage of the Sea, and extraordinary Works having been found necessary to be done for securing the said Harbour) so that, unless a further Sum be raised, the said Harbour cannot be esk fehually repaired and secured, according to the Intent of the said ahs, but the useful Works, already begun and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, will be wholly lost, and the said Harbour again fail to Decay, and the Town itself be in Danger of being utterly lost and destroyed: whereas the ancient Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, formerly of great Use and Benefit to Trade and Navigation, is at present choked up, and almost ruined by the shifting of the Beach without, and set tiing of the Sullage within, and by slopping the Flux of the Tide, so that, for preventing the utter Loss of the said Harbour, it is necessary to open the same, and to let the Tide have free Course through certain Sluices near to the said Harbour, called Scotch Flatt and Craven Sluices, in the present Channels to the drowned Lands between Blackmail and Maytham, in the said Counties of Kent and Suffix, or into 'such other Cut or Channel, as shall be found moll proper and expedient to restore the said Harbour To the End therefore that the said Works at Dover Harbour may be completed and finished, and the same Harbour be eftehually repaired and secured; and to the End the said Harbour of Rye may be repaired and restored to its ancient Goodness, and secured for the Benefit of Trade and Navigation; May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

A.D. 1722. Anno nono Georgii Regis. C 31, 32. 475

I The Acts it £5 12 TV. 3. and 2 Ann. shall continue from the first of May 1723, until the first of May "1744. Eleven Trustees may aft, may remove Bridges, &c. and contrat with Workmen. Trustei s and Guardians, &c. may sell, and are indemnified for Acts done in Pursuance of this Statute. Commissioner are to issue Warrants for returning of Juries. Who are to inquire into the Value of the "Lands to be used, &c. in Repairs of the Harbour; their Verdict, &c. with Notice in Writing, &c. r to bind all Parties interested. On Tender, &c. of consideration money, and Refusal, Trustees may IC use the Lands, &c. Commissioners may borrow Money, and allure the J juties for a Security. com ct missioner may appoint Receivers for the Duties. The Accounts to be laid before the Justices at the Sessions; who may impose Fines for Mifajoplications, &c. Receivers, &c. refusing to lay their ac u counts before the Justices, &c. are to be fined. No Person shall empty Duff, &c. into the Harbour,

con Pain of 40 s, Commissioners dying or refusing to act, others shall be chosen in their Room. Com "shall have no Place of Profit arising by the Duties. When the Harbour is repaired, the Du "shall cease. The Work shall not be carried on to the Damage of the Lands adjoining." PR. Con Tauhtr mlar ti j "tinued by it Geo. 2. c. 7.] 31 gvo. 2. C

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip hill, (being the Road to London) and from the Loot of the said Hill to the Top of crickley hih, (being the Road to Oxford) and to oblige those concerned in the Receipt or Payment of any Moneys, by Virtue of an Act of the ninth and tenth Years of his late Majesty King William, touching the repairing the said Highways, to_account for the same to the Trustees appointed by this Act.

The Toll granted by this Act takes Place from the first of May 1723, for 21 Years. PR. [Continued by 16 Geo. 2. c. 21.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement between the principal Officers of the Ordnance and Thomas Missing, Esq; for Exchange of some Lands at Portsmouth for the Service of his Majesty.

PR.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnas Britannia;, Francitc Sc Hiberniae, decimo.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the ninth Day of October, Amo Domini one ' LX thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord ' GEORGE by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the ninth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three 3 being the second Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great Britain, to be raised for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four.

EXP. 2 s. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Loti X P. tery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; and touching lost Bills,

Tickets, Certificates or Orders; and for giving further Time for Payment of the Duties on Money given with Apprentices; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act: of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige all Per fans, being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain, refilling or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Alls herein mentioned, to register their Names and Real estates, and for enlarging the Time for taking the said Oaths, and making such re gifters, and for allowing further Time for the Enrolment of Deeds or Wills made by Papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled, pursuant to an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign 3 and also for giving Relief to Protestant lefl ees.

C "WJ WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to 9c: o. 1. C 24.

oblige all Persons, being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain, refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and

476

I Geo. i.stat.2. 13.

3 Geo. i. Stat. 2. C. 55.

3 Geo. I. C 38.

j Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 13.

i Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 55.

3 Geo. I. C i8.

9 Geo. 1. c. 24.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 55.

C 4. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, is register their Names and Real Estates, It is (amongst other Things) enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever inhabiting in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, who should be at the Age of eighteen Years or upwards, not having, before the making of the said Act, taken the Oaths appointed to be taken in aniby an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Prin cess Sophia, being prote/lants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, and who should neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths on or before the twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, in any of his Majesty's Courts

of Record at Westminster, or at the General or Quarter sessions for the County, City, Town, Liberty or Division where such Person or Persons should live or inhabit, should, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, register or cause to be registered, their respective Names and Real Estates, in such and the same Manner and Form as Papists were obliged and directed to register their Names and Real Estates, in and by an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates, and also by an other Act made and passed in the the third Year of his said majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such registring, and for securing P ur chases made to the Protestants, and the said respective Officers appointed by the said last mentioned Acts, passed in the first and third Years of his Majesty's Reign; appointed and directed to take and receive the Registers of the Names and Real Estates of such Papists, were by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament authorized and required to take and receive the Register of the Names and Real Estates, which were by Virtue of the said last mentioned Acts appointed to be registered, in such and the same Manner and Form, as by the said other Acts were prescribed in Relation to Papists, and should sign and return true Copies of the same into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; 'and it is by the said Act further enacted, That all and every Papist, or reputed Papist, or other Person or Persons professing the Popish Religion, ' and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who should be at the Age of eighteen Years or upwards, not having, before the making of the said Act, taken and subscribed the Oath of Allegiance, subscribed the Assurance, and taken and signed the Oath of Abjuration, as directed to be taken and subscribed by such Persons, who bare any Office under his Majesty by the aforesaid Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's ' Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Governtnent, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, and who should neglect or refuse to take and subscribe the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Assurance, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, before and in the Court of the Lords of Session, or the Court of Justi ciary, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, held for the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh, Town or Liberty where such Person or 1 Persons should live or inhabit; or before Sheriffs or Stewarts, or their Deputies, in open Court, held for such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough respectively, where such Person or Persons should live or inhabit as aforesaid; such Papist, reputed Papist, or, Person professing the Popish Religion, and all and every such other Person or Persons who should neglect or refuse to take and subscribe the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Assurance by the Time aforesaid, should on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, register or cause to be registered their respective Names and Real Estates in the sheriff's Court of such Shire or County wherein their estates_did respectively lie, in the same Manner and Form as Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called England, were obliged and directed to register their Names and Real Estates in and by an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates,

and also by another Act, made and passed in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates; for enlarging the Time for such registring, and for feewing Purchases made by Protestants, and the said respective Sheriffs, or Sheriffs Deputies, were, by the said Act of the last session.of Parliament, directed and required to take and receive such Registrations as were thereby required to be made, and keep such Books, and make such Entries, as the Clerks of the peace of the several Counties, within that Part of Great Britain called England, were, by Virtue of the aforesaid Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates, directed and required to keep and make, and should sign and return true Copies of such Registrations into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; and it is by the said Act further enacted,

That in case any Person or Persons, who was or were thereby directed and required to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance respectively as aforesaid; for want thereof, to register his, her or their Names, and Real Estates, should not take and subscribe such Oaths and Assurances respectively,

or register or cause to be registered their Names and Real Estates, in such Manner as in the said Act be sore isdiredted, within the respective Times therein limited and appointed for the doing thereof; then,

and in every such Case, the Person or Persons neglecting or refuhng to take and subscribe such Oaths and Assurance respectively, or for want thereof to make such Registry as aforesaid, should forfeit the see fimpie and Inheritance of, or such Estate and Interest in all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C 5.

taments not registered, whereof he, she or they, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, was or were feiied in fee simple, or otherwise interested in at the Time of such Default as aforesaid, two third Parts thereof to the King, and the other third Part thereof to such Person or Persons,

being a Protestant or Protestants, who should sue for such forfeited Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as should lie in England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any such Court, and by such Ways or Means as were directed by the said therein recited Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and peal Estates, and should sue in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland for such forfeited Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as should lie in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas the greatest Part of the Persons required by the said Act to take the aforesaid Oaths, on or before the said five and twentieth Day of December, have, in Testimony of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and their Zeal and Affection for his sacred Person and Government, and the Protestant Succession in his Royal House, and in Obedience to the said Act, taken the said Oaths; but by Reason of the Shortness of the Time allowed for that Purpose, many Persons have been prevented from taking the same; and the Time limited for taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and subscribing the said Assurance, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has been found not to be sufficient and diverse Doubts and Questions have arisen, and may hereafter arise upon the said recited Act, as well £ in Respect of the Description of the Persons thereby required to take the said Oaths, or to take and subscribe the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Assurance, as of the Consequences and elsefts of the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted Now, for the taking away and quieting all such Doubts and Questions, and for the preventing all Inconveniences that might happen by Means thereof; Be it enacted and declared, IV C

"No Woman obliged to take the Oaths, &c. nor Reversioners, tvc. Persons indemnified from Penal "tvc. for not having taken Oaths, C Those that have neglected to take the Oaths, ive. taking "them on or before 28 November 1724, discharged from registring, ive. And in Default to register their "Names, con or before z4 June 1725. Clerks of the Peace in England to return Copies of Registers "the Exchequer by 29 Sept. 1725, and the Keeper of the General Registry in Scotland to do the like "there. Penalty on Persons that have not already taken, and shall not, within the Time by this Act "appointed, take the Oaths, ive. Proviso for Persons in Prison, beyond the Seas, Non compos mentis, or "disabled by Sickness, &c. No Action on Penalty for not having taken Oaths, (Vc. to be brought after "six Months. Forfeitures of fee simple, ive. repealed. Quakers to make the Declaration of Fidelity. "Protestants in Scotland taking and subscribing the Oath appointed by Act 5 Geo. 1. c. 29, (to be taken "by Preachers in meeting houses, ive. there) deemed to have complied with this. Penalties on Papists "in Scotland refusing to subscribe the Formula, ive. threepence for taking Oaths, ive. and sixpence for Certificate. Certificate to be Evidence in any Court, ive. Persons excused from registring, "having registered their Estates, may withdraw such Register. How Jews are to take the Abjuration "Oath. Relief for such Protestant Lessees, as have neglected to inrol Deeds or Wills, in due Time, ive. ft No Deed, C made goodbye this Act, whereof Advantage for want of Inrolment shall be taken on or "before the 6th of March 1723." EXP. See 3 Geo. 2. c. 29.

CAP. V.

An Act for redeeming certain Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for Payment of the Principal and Interest on the (landing Orders for the Blank Tickets in the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for making good the Loss which happened in the Treasury of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Reduction of Guineas; and for granting Relief to Catherine Collingwood, Widow.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; in and by an Act of Parliament made and lyl passed in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for public!; Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per An act' nuni, redeemable by Parliament, and to authorise a Treaty concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar houses in Scotland, a certain yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds was

established to be a distinct and separate yearly Fund for answering and paying certain Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which were then to be purchased upon the same Act, ' until the Redemption thereof by Parliament; and the said yearly Fund was thereby directed to be issued

the Exchequer to the first and Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the bank of England for the Time being, by way of Imp rest, and upon Account, for Payment of the said Annuities, which were to be purchased upon that Act; and it was thereby enacted, That the Moneys which should he contributed on the same Act for or towards the Sum of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds therein mentioned, should be deemed to be a Capital or Joint Stock on which such Annuities should be at tending; and the same Joint Stock, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, were thereby made transferrable and deviseable in the Manner thereby prescribed; and in the said Act is.contained a ' Proviso, That at any Time upon one year's Notice, and Repayment by Parliament, of the said Sum ' of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be advanced upon the said Act, ' unto the respective Contributors of the same, or to such Person or Persons as by, fremor under them,

477

Concerning Papists see farther 11 Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

1 Geo. i.stat. 2* C 19,

478 C 5. Anno decimo Georgii Regis, A.D. 1723.

should then be entitled to the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the Money so advanced, according to such Interests as they respectively should then have in the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the said Annuities,

after the P, ate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (if any such shall he then due); then, and not till then, the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum created by that Act, should cease and determine: And whereas the Contributions on the said Act did amount to the said full Sum of

nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, and the Annuities, which became payable in respect of the same, did amount to the yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas since the making of the said Act, as much of the said Capital Stock as amounted to seven hundred and six thousand one hundred seventy five Pounds and fifteen Shillings, and as many of the said Annuities at tending the same, as amounted to thirty-five thousand three hundred and eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence per Annum, have been subscribed into the Capital Stock and yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, and as much of the said Capital Stock, created by the Act in Part before recited, as amounts to two hundred and three thousand eight hundred twenty-four Pounds' and five Shillings, and as many of the said Annuities as amount to ten thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds four Shillings and threepence per Annum, in respect thereof, do Hill remain transferrable at the Bank, or deviseable as aforesaid, and are payable by the Cafivier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being: And whereas in and by certain Clauses contained in another Act of Parliament made

r Geo. s.sta. 2. C and passed in the said first Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock

C SI ' and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred and twenty-two thousand

Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence to public Uses; for ratfing one hundred sixty nine thou fund Pounds for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities upon diverse Encouragements therein mentioned; and for ap propriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty, for Encouragement of such Persons and Corporations as would advance, for the Service of the Public, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the fur there Sunt of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, a certain yearly Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds was established to be a distinct orfeparate Fund for answering and paying annuities,

after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which were thereby to be purchased, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament; and the said yearly Sum or Fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum was thereby directed to be i fitted at the Exchequer to the first and Chief 1 Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, by way of Im ' pressed, and upon Account, for Payment of the said Annuities, not exceeding eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, and it was thereby enabled, That the Moneys, which should be so

contributed or advanced for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, should be a Capital or joint Stock on which the Annuities lafi mentioned should be attending, C and the same Joint Stock, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, were thereby made transferrable and deviseable in the Manner thereby prescribed: And in the at lafi: mentioned there is contained a Proviso, That at any Time upon one year's Notice, and Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be advanced on the Act 1 aft mentioned, unto the respective Contributors of the same, or to such Person or Persons as by, ' from or under them, should be then entitled to the same Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of the Moneys so advanced according to such Interests as they respectively should then have in the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment and Satisfaction of all Arrears of the same Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (if any should be then due); C then, and not till then, the said lafi mentioned Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, should also cease and determine: And whereas the Contributions upon the Clauses in the 6 Act last mentioned for such Annuities as aforesaid, did amount to the said whole Sum of one hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, and the Annuities, which were payable in respect of the same, did amount 1 to the said yearly Sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds; and, since the making of the

Act lafi in Part before recited, as much of the said Capital Stock lafi mentioned, as amounted to one hundred thirty seven thousand five hundred twenty six Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, and as many of the same Annuities attending the same Stock, as amounted to six thousand eight hundred seventy six Pounds six Shillings and fourpence per Annum, have been subscribed into the Capital Stock s and Fund of the south-sea Company; and as much of the said Capital Stock of one hundred sixty nine i thousand Pounds, as amounts to thirty-one thousand four hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, and as many of the said Annuities attending the same, as amount to one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, still remain transfer rable at the Bank, and deviseable as aforesaid, and payable by the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being: And whereas due Notices were given by the e Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, for re deeming the said several Annuities of ten thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds four Shillings and threepence per Annum, and one thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence per Annum, and pursuant to the said Notices the same are redeemable at the Fcafl of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

5 G; 0. 1. C 1. ' twenty-four: And whereas in and by a Clause in a certain act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a land-tax to be raised

in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, it was enacted, That

a certain. Deficiency or Sum of one hundred and ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seven(

( Shillings and fourpence three Farthings therein mentioned) should be supplied and made good to

A.D. 1723. Anno deciiruo Georgii Regis. C 5. 479

the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, by and out of the General yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one fifth Part of a Penny,

or out of the Money to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing an Annuity or Annuities, after a Rate not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Sum of one hundred ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence three Farthings; and that such Annui ties Should be charged on the said General yearly Fund, and be payable and transferrable at the Hank of England, as other Annuities payable out of the said General yearly Fund were intended, by any for mer Act or Acts of Parliament then in Force, to be payable and transferrable, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament: And whereas, in Pursuance of the said Clause, an Annuity of five thousand five hundred and fifteen Pounds twelve Shillings and ten Pence Farthing per Annum, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the said Sum of one hundred and ten thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, was created and charged on the said General Fund; and whereas as much of the said lafir mentioned Capital Sum, as amounted to the Sum of one hundred and seven thousand eight hundred and two Pounds seventeen Shillings and four Pence three Farthings, and as much of the said Annuities attending the same, as amounted to five thou

three hundred and ninety Pounds two Shillings and ten Pence Farthing per Annum, have been subscribed into the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, and as much of the said Capital Sum as amounts to two thousand five hundred and ten Pound, and as much of the same Annuity attending the same as amounts to one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings per Annum, do still remain transferrable at the Bank of England, and are redeemable by Parliament; and whereas the Sum of one mil lion one hundred fifty seven thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds, in respect only of the Tickets! commonly called the Blank Tickets, drawn in the Lottery for raising fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, was charged with an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the yearly Fund of one hundred and

sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings, payable at the Exchequer out of certain Duties on Soap, Paper, Linens, Silks, Calicoes, Stuffs, Starch, exported Coals, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, granted for thirty-two Years, from the second Day of August nann. Stat. z ' one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, by two Acts, one of the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late C 9.

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuff's, and upon Starch, exported Coals, and upon Jtampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand Pounds l>y tvay of a Lottery for her Majesty's Supply, and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leather, sheep /kins and lamb sins; and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds, due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun money; and to adjust the Property of Tickets in for mer Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the south-sea Company; and for appropria ting the Moneys granted to her Majesty; and the other of the full Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled, j Geo. '1, Stat. 1 4 An Act for *edifying Mistakes in toe Names of the Commissioners of the land-tax, for the Year one thousand fe C 2.

ven hundred and fourteen; an I for raif.ng so much as is wanting to make up the Sum of fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by a Lottery for the public Service in the said Year, or by one of the Acts last mentioned And whereas so much of the said lad mentioned principal Sum of one million one hundred hfty seven thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds remains unpaid off or unsubscribed into the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, as amounts to the Principal Sum of one hundred and ten thousand six hundred Pounds, and the same is payable on certain landing Orders made out in Pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, or one of them, by the Paymaster or Paymasters appointed or to be appointed in Pursuance of the same Acts, or one of them: And whereas the Moneys arisen or to arise in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking r urid, at present iland appropriated to the paying off and cancelling the several Exchequer bills now in Being, or same of them; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are under a Conrraft or Contrasts for circulating or exchanging the same Exchequer bills for ready Money: And whereas the said Governor and Company have consented, that notwithstanding fuclt present Appropriation, so much of the Moneys, arisen or to arise into the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, at or before the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, as will be necessary to pay off the said several Capital or Principal Sums so remaining unsubscribed or unpaid off as aforesaid, and all Arrears of the Annuities or Interests attending thereon, may he issued and applied for the redeeming and paying off the same, so as the Remainder thereof, and the Moneys which from the said Feast day shall arise from the same Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, remain and continue appropriated, as they are ar present; 'Now we your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being resolved to pay off and discharge the said several Capital Sums of two hundred and three thousand eight hundred twenty-four Pounds five Shillings, thirty-one thousand four hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, and two thousand five hundred and ten Pounds, making together two hundred thirty seven thousand eight hundred and seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, and to redeem the said several Annuities attending thereon, and also to pay off and discharge the said Principal Sum of one hundred and ten thousand six hundred Pounds so as aforesaid remaining due on the said Orders made forth for the taid Blank lottery Tickets, together with the Interefc due or to grow due thereon, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid: being desirous thereby in some mea surd to ease the present Burden of the Public Debts and Encumbrances, and to the Intent that fufn cient Moneys may be issued and applied for the ends.and Purposes aforesaid, do humbly beseech your Majesty,

zj. 80 C

Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

237, 3071. is s. s d. applied to the Redemption of Annuities, C

pal and Interest 00 Orders for Blank Lottery tickets, C

Majesty, that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of such Moneys as are or shall he in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise for the half year, ending at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, or for any Time preceding the same feast day (such other Payments exclusive of the Principal Moneys payable on the said Exchequer bills, as have been directed to be made at or before the same Feast day by Authority of Parliament, out of the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, always excepted and foreprized) there shall be issued, and paid, on or before the said Feast day of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, the Sum of two hundred thirty seven thousand eight hundred and seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, to the said Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, now or for the Time being, by way of Impressed and upon Account, together with so much more Moneys, as on the said last mentioned feast day shall be due and in Arrear for the said several and respective Annuities, or any of them, to be by him applied and paid over for discharging the said several remaining Capital Sums of two hundred and three thousand eight hundred twenty-four Pounds five Shillings, thirty-one thousand four hundred seventy three Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, and two thousand five hundred and ten Pounds, and fox redeeming the said several and respective Annuities attending thereon, and for discharging all Arrears thereof; and that the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, do cause the same to be issued aid paid to the said Cashier accordingly, without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; any former Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: the said Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England is hereby strictly enjoined and required to apply and pay over the Moneys, which shall be so issued to him as aforesaid, to such Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, as at the Time of his Receipt of the same shall be entitled to the said several and respective Annuities now to be redeemed, according to such Interests as they reflectively shall then have thereon.

Application of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of such Moneys as are or shall be in Monips for Pay the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, arisen or to arise for ment of pm CI fjaif yearj ending at the feast day of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, or for anytitne preceding the same feast day (except as before is excepted) there shall be issued and paid, on or before the same feast day, to the Paymaster or Paymasters of the said Orders for Blank Lottery tickets for the Time being, so much more Money as, together with the Moneys, which shall then be in the Receipt of Exchequer, applicable to the Discharge of the Principal and Interest due on the same Orders, shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay off all the Principal and Interest which on the same feast day shall be due or in arrear on the same Orders, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, to be by him applied and paid over for discharging all the said Principal and Interest: that the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, do cause the same to be issued and paid to such Paymaster or Paymasters accordingly, without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. And the said Paymaster or Paymasters is and are hereby strictly enjoined and required to apply and pay over the Moneys which shall be so issued to him or them as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic and Corporate, as shall be entitled to the said Blank Lottery Orders, and the Principal and Interest payable thereon, according to such Interests as they shall have respectively therein.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such Issues and Payments to the said Cashier and Paymaster or Paymasters respectively shall be made, as herein before is directed, and subject thereto, all the Rest and Residue of Moneys, arisen or to arise by or out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall go, continue, remain, and be issued and applied, to and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner and Form as they were directed, applied or appropriated to by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and none other; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

15, 144.1. 19 s.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

appropriated for be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the o^'nlifch hap ^ori^ High Treasurer for the Time being, out of any Moneys arisen or to arise into the Receipt of his Ma - Exchequer, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund, to allow to the Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of fifteen thousand one hundred forty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings, to satisfy and make good the' Loss and Deficiency which happened in the Treasure remaining in the Offices of the four Tellers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Reduction of Guineas from one and twenty Shillings and sixpence to one and twenty Shillings; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas all the Real and Personal Estate of George Collingwood, attainted of High Treason, was by one or more Act or Acts of Parliament vested in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, and by Sale thereof, and the Rents and Profits received before the same was sold, the Sum of eighteen thousand one hundred Pounds hath been raised, and the greatest Part thereof hath been since paid into the

Sinking Fund applied.

pened in the Treasury by the Reduction of Guineas, C

Relief granted to Catherine Collingwood, Widu; y, cad.

1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C 6, 7. 481

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer: And whereas Catherine, Widow, and Relict; of the said George Collingwood, having for these eight Years aft pad been destitute of all necessary Subsistence, has con traded considerable Debts for the Support and Maintenance of herself and her Family; now in Compassion to the deplorable Condition of the said Catherine Collingwood and her Family, We your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do humbly pray, that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full Sum of six thousand Pounds, out. of the Money arisen or to arise at the Exchequer from the Sale or Produce of all, every, or any the Estates forfeited for Treason in the late Rebellion, which Estates, by one or more Act or Acts were veiled in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, shall and may be taken, issued and applied, for and towards the future Support and Maintenance of the said Catherine Collingwood and her Family, and for the Payment of her Debts, without Account, Impressed, or other Charge, to be set upon her for the same, or any Part thereof; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised, empowered and directed, to cause the said Sum of six thousand Pounds, and every or any Part thereof, to be issued and paid to the said Catherine Collingwood or her Assigns accordingly, without any Fee, or Abatement for Fees or Charges, or other deduction or Abatement whatsoever; former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by An Act passed in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways, from that Part of Counter'* Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder mills in the Road to Stains, and to Cranford Bridge in the said County in the Road to Colnebrooke; and for making the said Act more effectual.

The Ad 3 Geo. r. for repairing the Highways from counter's Bridge, (etc. which commenced from the first of July one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and was to continue in Force for the Term of eleven Years, and also the Tolls thereby granted, are further continued for seventeen Years. [Further continued by 11 Geo. 2. c. 6.]

PR.

CAP. VII.

An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye in the County of suitex, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye.

WHEREAS it has been judged necessary that the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex should9get 3* be preserved for the Benefit of Trade and Navigation: And whereas An Act passed in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent, and for rejhring the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, by which Ad a Duty of threepence per Tun upon Shipping, granted and continued by former Acts there in mentioned for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was granted or continued for a further Term therein mentioned, as well for completing the Repairs of the said Harbour of Dover, as for restoring the said of Rye to its ancient Goodness, which was then proposed and intended to be done by letting the Tide have free Course through certain sluces near the said Harbour of Rye called Scotch Flat and Cra tuen Sluces, in the present Channels, to the drowned Lands between Blackwall and Matham in the said Counties of Kent and Suffer, or into such other Cut or Channel, as shall be found most proper and expedient to restore the said Harbour of Rye: And whereas since the passing of the said Act it is found,

that the said Harbour of Rye may be made more useful and commodious by opening and making a new Cut or Channel from the Winchelsea Channel, right out to the Sea, which will be of greater Use and Benefit to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, than if the Method proposed by the said recited act should be pursued; as it is doubted whether the Powers given by the said recited act do extend to the making any new Cut or Channel elsewhere than in the Places therein mentioned, and it is necessary to explain and amend the said act; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, (etc.

The Powers in the act 9 Geo. 1. for repairing Rye Harbour, transferred to the Perfors herein named,

who are to do all Works necessary for the Purposes of the Act. Two thirds of the Duty 9 Geo. 1. to

be applied to the Uses of this at. First Meeting of Trustees to be on iz May 1724. at Rye. Powers

in the act 9 Geo. 1. to be in Force. Trustees may erect Bridges, Locks, (etc. giving Satisfaction to

the Landowners. Damage by overflowing to be satisfied out of the Duties. If Parties cannot agree, < Continued by

a Jury to be impanelled, (etc. The Channel Wall from the new Cut shall be heightened and repaired, iigco, 2, C 7.*

as the Commissioners of Sewers shall di red. If the Commissioners of Sewers hall judge it unsafe to

+let the Sea have its free Course up the New Channel, the Trustees shall make a navigable Sluce at such Place, as the Commissioners shall judge fit. The Duties not liable to make good any Damage through the Default of the Commissioners of Sewers. The Sea shall not be let into the new Cut, till

"all the Works he perfected. If the Commissioners of Sewers judge Proprietors damaged, and by their

Expenditors give Notice to the Trustees, they shall remove the Dams, (etc. Trustees' neglecting,

4, 8 2

Recital of granting several additional Duties for Terms, and of making them perpetual, but subject to Redemption,

6 & 7 W. 3. C 7.

3 & 4 Anna?, C 4.

C 8 — -10. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

"Expenditor may employ Persons. Owners of the Levels, when obstructed, may few out their Waters "through Rye or Winchelsea, or any other Cut. The Proprietors of guldefordlevel, C when obstructed "make new Cuts to carry off their Waters into the Channel. Trustees may elect others in Room "of Trustees dying or refusing to act."

PR.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for reviving an Act passed in the tenth Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to make a Canfey over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Caister in the County g" Norfolk; and for making the said Act more effectual.

East and West Flegg to pay 3d. in the Pound Rent for two Years and a Half. Great Yarmouth the like Sum; to be paid by the Tenants; and one half part to be deducted out of the Rents. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners to appoint Assessors and Collectors. Collectors to pay the Moneys to the Chamberlains of Great Yarmouth. That Part of the Causey from Yarmouth to Caijier lane's End, tdc. vested in the Mayor, C who are to appoint Surveyors. Surveyors may dig Gravel, C out of the Waste or other Gounds, making Satisfaction for Damages.

PR.

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of harlow bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to jvoodford in the County of Essex.

PR.

The Toll granted by this Act took Place from 27 of Feb. 1723, for 21 Years. [Continued by 16 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. X

An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Paste imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for better ascertaining. the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Coconuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth ' XVI. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William (of glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for g anting to his Majesty fveral additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport service for the re/luftion of Ireland, several additional and other Duties and impositions herein after mentioned were granted to his Majesty for and upon Coffee, Coconuts, ' Chocolate, Cocoa Paste and ea, which Should be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time after the first Day of May in the Year of ouf 1 Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety five, and before the second Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, over and above all Duties before that Time payable for the same at the Customhouse; that is to say. For every hundred Weight of Coffee imported as aforesaid, accounting one hundred and twelve Pounds lo the hundred, fifty six Shillings of lawful En

Money: For every hundred Weight of Coconuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, from

any the Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, fifty six Shillings: For every hundred Weight of Coconuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, from any other Country or Place from whence they may by Law be imported, four Pounds and four Shillings of like lawful English Money: For every Pound of Chocolate ready made, imported as aforesaid, one Shilling: For every Pound of Cocoa Paste imported as aforesaid, two Shillings; For every Pound of Tea regularly imported as aforesaid, from whence the sane might have been lawfully imported before the making that Act, one Shilling: For every Pound of Tea imported as aforesaid, from Holland or any other Country, not the Place of its 1 Growth or usual Shipping, two Shillings and sixpence per Pound Weight; and so proportionally for any greater or Idler Quantity of any of the commodities imported as aforesaid respectively. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuiag Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pictures,

and upon Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China Ware and Drugs, several new and additional Rates and Sums of Money herein after mentioned were granted to her said Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, 1 for and upon all and all Manner of Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste and Tea, which should be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Benvick upon Tweed, at any Time or Times after the first Day of February one thousard seven hundred and four, and and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, over and above all Du ' ties and additional Duties before that Time payable for the same or any of them, by any other Law ' then in Force, and over and above the Duties herein before mentioned, the new and" additional Rates and Sums of Money following; that is to say. For every hundred Weight of Coffee imported as afore

accounting one hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, fifty six Shillings of lawful English

For every hundred Weight of Coconuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, from any

i ' the

A.D. 1723. Anno decin.10 Georgii Regis. C 10. 483

the Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, fifty six: Shillings: For every hundred Weight of Coconuts imparted, and containing as aforesaid, from any other Country or Place from whence they may by Law be imported, four Pounds and four Shillings of like lawful Engliflo Money: For every Pound of Chocolate ready made and imported as aforesaid, one Shilling: For every Pound of Cocoa Paste imported as aforesaid, two Shillings: For every Pound of Tea regularly imported as aforesaid,

from whence the same might lawfully have been imported before the making of the said Act of the sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, one Shilling: For every Pound of Tea imported as aforesaid from Elolland or any other Country, not the Place of its Growth or usual Shipping, two Shillings and six Pence; and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity of any the Commodities imported as aforesaid respectively: Which said several Rates and Duties herein before particularly mentioned, were by several Acts of Parliament continued and made payable to her said Majesty, her Heirs and Succefifors,

to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, 7 Ann: e, C 7.

4. An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank o/tngland, and for ra tfing a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, all the said several Rates and Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste and Tea, herein before particularly mentioned,

which should be imported or brought into Great Britain from and after the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, should be paid and payable to her said Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in the said last mentioned Act expressed, subject nevertheless to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in the same Act contained relating thereto. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, among! other it Annas, C 26. 4 Things for laying additional Duties upon Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on feet' 31*

Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, several new Rates and Duties upon all Coffee and

Tea, which should be imported or brought into Great Britain, at any Time or limes within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the seventeenth Day of one thousand seven hundred and twelve, over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties imposed upon or payable for the same; that is to say, For all Coffee imported as aforesaid, twelve Pence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and proportionably for a greater or lelfer Quantity: For all Kinds of Tea imported from any Place or Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the ea/l india Company, two Shillings for every such Pound Weight; and for all Kinds of Tea imported from any other Place or Places, five Shillings for every such Pound Weight, and proportionably for greater or lelfer Quantities of Tea. And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of your majesty's Reign among! other Things, 5 Geo. 1. c. 7.

for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay oft' Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on four Lottery acts passed in the ninth and tenth Years of her said late majesty's Reign, the said last mentioned Rates and Duties upon Coffee and Tea are continued and made payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in the same Act prescribed and directed, subject to such Provisoes and Powers of Redemption, as are in and by the same Act contained and prescribed of and concerning the same, as by the said several Acts, Relation being had to them respectively, more at large may appear. And whereas the Duties now subsisting upon Coffee, Tea, Co Reasons for rc '.coa Nuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Paste are or may be very much lessened, not only by the clandestine Peal'"? the add Importation thereof from Parts beyond the Seas, but also by the fraudulent relanding of the same after the r'.^u^niand same have been exported from this Kingdom for foreign Parts, and the Duties thereupon drawn back, Duties instead without paying any Duties for the same, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts thereof.

relating to the said Duties, and to the Ruin of the fair Traders in the said Commodities For Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual securing a Revenue to your Majesty, to arise by the said Coffee, Tea,

Coconuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Paste, We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and From the 14th twenty-four the several Duties upon Coffee and Tea granted (by the said Act of Parliament made in the of June 1724, sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, and by the said Act of parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and by the said Act of Parlia ties' to cease ment made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne) for several Terms of 6 w 3. C of Years in the said respective Acts mentioned, and which have been since continued by several Acts of 3 & 4 Anna;, Parliament and made perpetual (subject to Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid;,) the several Duc ties upon Coconuts, granted (by the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty 10 Annie C zs> King William, and by the said Act of the third Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne) 6 W' 3 c 7* for several Terms of Years in the same respective Acts mentioned, and which have been since continued by several Acts of parliament and made perpetual (subject to Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid) shall cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the before mentioned Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ii..and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth after24june Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four no Chocolate ready made or Cocoa paste fiial! 1724, 00 choco be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, upon Pain of forfeit late ready made ing all such Chocolate ready made and Cocoa Paste, which shall be so brought in contrary to the true In b^impo fed, tent and Meaning of this Act, together with double the Value thereof, and the Bags, Caffs, Boxes and cn Pain of bein'* other Package wherein the same shall be contained. forfeited.

q_q q 2 III. And

484 O. 10.

Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

After 24. June 1724, new Inland Duties on Coffee and Tea sold, and upon

On Coffee, 2 s, «per Pound.

5 Geo. 2. c. 24.

Upon Tea, s. per Pound.

III. And to the Intent that no Failure or Deficiency may accrue or happen in the respective Funds, to which the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Paste, by this AI determined, were appropriated and applicable, by the Determination of the aforesaid Duties, and by the Prohibition

_____r_, of the Importation of Chocolate ready made and Cocoa Paste; it further enacted by the Authority

Chocolate made aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty and sold in Great four, in lieu thereof, the respeiflive Inland Duties herein after mentioned, be by this act charged and imposed upon all Coffee and '1 ea from thenceforth to be sold in Great Britain, and upon all Chocolate from thenceforth to be made or sold in Great Britain, to be paid in Manner herein after mentioned, that is to say,

IV. Upon all Coffee so to be sold in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of two shillings/\?r Pound

Weight Averdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity, over and above all Customs, Subsidies and Duties, which shall then remain payable to his Majesty for the same upon the Importation thereof: -

M V Upon all Tea so to be sold in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of four Shillings per Pound

'anew Duty it Weight Averdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity, over and above all Customs, laid, unload of Subsidies and Duties, which shall then remain payable to his Majesty for the same upon the Importa

rhis, by ] 8 Geo. tion thereof.

VI. And upon all Chocolate so to be made or sold in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of one Shil jspon6j 0ceorate' ling and sixpence per Pound Weight Averdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity, Pound. P to be paid By the respective Makers or Sellers thereof.

The King or

VII. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, levying, raising and securing the several Treasury to ap Rates and Duties by this Act imposed upon all Coffee and Tea, which shall be sold to be confirmed in point Commifli Great Britain, and upon all Chocolate which shall be made or sold in Great Britain from and after the fard oners for these twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and for preventing Frauds con ubnd uues. cern|ng the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by one or mcrecommission or Commissions for that Purpose appoint, shall be his Majesty's Commissioners for the Receipt and Management of the said Inland Duties by this Act set and imposed upon Coffee, Tea and Such Commissi Chocolate as aforesaid within Great Britain; which said last mentioned Commissioners, or the major Part Oflker5° ap!, 01dt them reflectively, shall and have hereby Power, by Commission or Commissions under their respective Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such Receivers General, Collectors, Comptrollers, Surveyors and other Officers, as shall be requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; that the said Commissioners and Officers so to be appointed for the said Inland Duties upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate hereby granted, shall have out of the same such Salaries and Rewards for their respective Services in relation to the same Duties, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think reasonable to establish Tice Money an or a]]0w in that Behalf; and that the respective Commissioners for the said Inland Duties hereby imposed Inland Duties upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate, shall from Time to Time cause all the Moneys to arifs by or for the (deduaing the same Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, levying and accounting for the same excepted) to be paid Charges) to be into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public paid into the Ex revenues, for the Purposes in this at expressed, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, chequer, as are herein after inflicted for diverting or mifajilying any Money by this at appropriated.

the powers, C

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, authorr in the Excise ties. Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and acts to be exer by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ta

cifed, &c.for the j-'ing away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to his

rr^r* L mm n i T a X P h fq i t /\ -» IV qqm Ain n f 1 — 1 ott«r -- m., n I — n f. n »> in »nrl nd fn f n 4 n "nfin Ixl ft n 4» -

Execution of Act.

majesty's Revenue of excise upon Beer, Ale or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases, for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the Inland Duties upon Costee, Tea and Chocolate hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effetually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before, the said twenty-fourth Gn or before 24. Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, all and very Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, June 1724, every coffeehoirfe keeper, chocolatehouse keeper, and all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic bruggift, C to an(] Corporate, who shall then be a Seller of or a Dealer in Coffee, Tea or Coconuts, or any or either' oevomht t^iern' or a Maker or Seller of Chocolate, either by Wholesale or Retail, shall make tv true

Duties, every 6 and particular Entry in Writing of all Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and Warehouse, C other Places by him, her or them respectively made use of for the keeping of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa jnuts used lor keeping or Chocolate, or making of Chocolate, at the Office to be appointed for the said Inland Duties hereby set Coffee, C and ancj imposed, within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, oil Coffee, stc. Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places shall be situated; also of all Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and

therein, on rain 1 J J J J

of forfeiting aool. for every Place cot so entered, and all the Coffee therein,

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C 10. 485

Chocolate, which at the Time of making such respective Entries shall be in such Warehouses, Store houses. Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places, and every of them respectively; Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds, for every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar,

Vault or other Place, which from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, shall be so made Use of by any such Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, coffechouse keeper, chocolatehouse keeper, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, without making such Entry thereof as aforesaid, together with the Coffee, 'I'ea, Coconuts and Chocolate, which shall be found therein, and also the Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Calks and other Vessels or Package whatsoever containing the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Druggist, Grocer, Chan All who, after tiler, coffeehouse keeper, chocolatehouse keeper, and all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Po 24 June 1724, litick and Corporate whatsoever, who, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun fiall l'55indeed and twenty-four, shall become a Seller or Sellers, Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Coconuts

or Chocolate, either by Wholesale or Retail, or Maker of Chocolate, shall, before lie, fbe or they shall makcfrcfli En '*' take any such Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate into his, her or their Custody or Possession, make tries under like the like particular Entry in Writing of the several and respective Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Penalties. Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places intended by him, her or them respectively to be made Use of for the keeping of Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate, or for the making of Chocolate, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, 2001. for every Vault or other Place so made Use of by such last mentioned Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, Coffeehouse such Place nut keeper, chocolatehouse keeper, or any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate respectively, without making such Entry as aforesaid; the Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate which shall be found therein, and also the Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks and other Vessels or Package whatsoever containing the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth After 24 June

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four no Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate «7j4>1)0 shall e brought into any such before mentioned Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or tobtbrought

other Place made Use of by such Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, coftee housekeeper, Chocolatehouse p]ta0ccs'vi[ehou' keeper, or such other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, without his, her or their first giving Notice and Cer notice thereof to the Officer for the said Inland Duties hereby set and imposed, of the Division or Place tificate, on for in which such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place in which such Coffee, future thereof. Tea; Coconuts or Chocolate are intended to be lodged, and producing to the said Officer and leaving !jostle true with him an authentic Certificate, signed by the Officer for the said Inland Duties hereby set and "ue' imposed, of the Division from whence such Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate shall be brought,

that in case of Coffee, Tea or Chocolate, the Inland Duties charged or chargeable by this at upon the said Coffee, Tea or Chocolate so intended to be brought in as aforesaid, have been actually paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of the Stock in Hand of some Druggist, Grocer,

Chandler, coffeehouse keeper or chocolatehouse keeper, or other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, selling or dealing in Coffee, Tea or Chocolate, or making of Chocolate, and in case of bringing in Coconuts, that the same have been duly entered with the Officer or Officers of his Majesty's cu stoms, or that they were condemned as forfeited, or were Part of the Stock in Hand of some Druggist or other Person selling or dealing the rein, upon or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, of which an Account of such Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate had been taken on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, and at what Place the said Inland Duties were so paid for the said Coffee, Tea or Chocolate, or at what Port or Place the Customs and Duties were so paid for such Coconuts, or the said Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate were condemned, or of whose Stock in Hand the same was Part; on Pain of forfeiting the Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate so brought in without such Notice and Certificate as aforesaid, and treble the Value thereof, together with the Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks and other Vessels or Package whatsoever containing the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Officers in the Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, it shall and may be lawful for the Officers for Daytime may the said Inland Duties hereby fetor imposed, or any of them, from Time to Time and at all Times by L mcf£a!l&warr"j Day, to enter into all and every the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other keeping' Cof places made use of for keeping or making any Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate by any Druggist, see, C and take Grocer, Chandler, coffeehouse keeper, chocolatehouse keeper, or other Person or Persons, Body Poli Accounts, tick or Corporate, selling or dealing in Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate, by Wholesale or Retail,

or making Chocolate, and by weighing, gauging or otherwise' to take an Account of the Quantity and Sorts of the said Commodities, which shall at any Time be in their or any of their Custody, in the weighing whereof the Owners of any of the said Commodities, or some on their Behalf, shall be aiding and assisting to the said Officers, and keep sufficient just Weights and Scales to be made use of by the Owners of cof said Officers for that Purpose; and if any such Druggist, Grocer, Chandler, coffeehouse keeper, cho fee'&c^t°a^li^ co]ateiloufe keeper, or other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, selling or dealing in i o keep Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate, by Vfholefale or Retail, or making Chocolate, shall bin Efficient Scales der or refuse the said Officers, or any of them, to enter into such his, her or their Warehouses, Store and Weights, houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other Places, or to take such Account as aforesaid, or shall forhindring.&c.

Officer to enter

and take Account, for not keeping Efficient Scales, C for keeping falls Weights, for not affiffing Officer in weighing, or for hindering him therein, Penalty 1001.

negletr

Anno Gecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1753.

On Suljicion of concealing, C Coffg?, C

neglect to keep sufficient just Weights and Scales, to be.made Use of by the said Officers for the Purpose: aforesaid, or shall keep any false weights' or Scales, or shall neglect or refuse to assist the said Officers ir; the weighing as aforesaid, or shall let, hinder or obstruct any of the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to hirh or them by this act, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers for the said Duties by this Act granted shall have Cause to suspect that any Coffee, Tea, Chocolate or Coconuts shall be fraudulently hid or concealed in any Place whatsoever, either entered for the keeping of the same as aforesaid, or not entered, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of his Duties thereon; then and in such Case, if such Place shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster,

and on Oath lie

or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, upon Oath made by such Officer or Offi, tore Commissioncers y, cfore the Commissioners for the Duties by this Act granted, or to any two or more of them, or in ofrpeace, theye ca^e the same shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers be respectively may fore one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Place where such empower any Of Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be so hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of such his or freer in the Day their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the said Duties, or ju trnre with or fl.; ce or just; ces of the Peace respectively, before whom such Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the nighttime, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Coffee, Tea, Chocolate or Coconuts shall be so fraudulently hid or concealed, and seize and carry away all such Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Coconuts which he or they shall then and there find so fraudulently hid and concealed, as forfeited for his Majesty's Use, together with all and every the Bags, Canisters, Boxes, Casks and other Package or Things where every Personnb in the same shall be contained; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct or hinder any itrufting, cof the Officers for the said Duties by this Act granted from entering such Places, where he or they shall suspect such Coffee, Tea, Chocolate or Coconuts shall be so fraudulently hid or concealed as aforesaid, or in seizing and carrying away such Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Coconuts which shall be so hid or concealed, together with the Bags, Canisters, Boxes, Casks or other Package or Things where the same shall be contained, the Person or.persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth ofed to Sale but ay June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four no Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate

in Places entered, ffisll be sold, uttered or exposed to Sale, either by Wholefile or Retail, but when the same shall be in some or one of the said Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other Places so entered as aforesaid, or in some or one of the Warehouses to be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for the keeping of Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, in Pursuance of this Act; upon Pain of forfeiting all such Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate which shall be so sold, uttered or exposed to Sale, when the same shall be in any other Place or Places than those entered or approved as aforesaid, and treble the Value thereof, together with the' Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks and other Vessels or Package whatsoever containing the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, where any such Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or

- Chocolate shall be sold in any of the said entered Places in any Quantity above the Weight of six Pounds,

such entered Pia the Officer or Officers for the Inland Duties hereby set and imposed, of the respective Divisions or Places ces, Officer to where the same shall be so sold, shall be obliged, and are hereby required from time to time, upon Revive a Certificate. quest of the Seller or Sellers thereof, without Fee or Reward, to give to the respective Buyer or Buyers thereof Certificates in Writing, signed by the respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantities so sold, and the Name and Names of the respective Buyers and Sellers thereof; and that the Duties by this Act granted on such Coffee, Tea or Chocolate so sold, have been paid, or that such Coconuts have been duly entered with the Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or that the same have been condemned as forfeited, or were Part of such Stock in Hand as aforesaid; Certificate shall be left with the Officer or Officers for the said Duties of the respective Divisions, to which the same is or are intended to be carried, to satisfy the said Officers that no Duties are to be answered for the same, that the seizing thereof may be prevented.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four no Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate, exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight, shall be removed or carried from any Part of this King

without such dom, by Land or by Water, without a Permit or Certificate, signed by one or more of the Officers for Permit or Certi the said Inland Duties hereby set and imposed, signifying and certifying the Names and Places of Abode ficate is forfeited, of the Buyer and Seller, and expressing the Quantity and Species of the Commodity so permitted or certified for, and that his Majesty's Inland Duties chargeable by this Act upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the Coconuts have been duly entered as aforesaid, or that the same have been condemned as forfeited, or were Part of such Stock in Hand as aforesaid; Pain of The Time to be forfeiting the Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate which shall be found carrying from one Place to limited by the another without such Permit or Certificate, together with the Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks Permit or certi another Vessels or Package whatsoever containing the same; which Permit or Certificate shall be left fuate to be in with the Officer of the Division to which the same shall be carried, to prevent the Seizure thereof; in Force. which],

without, and in the nighttime with a Constable, to enter all suspected Places, and to take and carry away Coffee, C concealed.

Officer, C therein, forfeits I coo 1.

No Coffee, C to be sold or exon

Pain of forfeiting all inch Coffee, and the treble Value.

For Coffee, Sec exceeding the Weight of six Pounds sold in

Any Quantity exceeding the Weight of six Pounds carrying

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C. 10. 87

which Permits or Certificates the Officers who grant the same, shall express and limit the Time for which the same shall continue in Force.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty timn for ms fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four all and every Person and Persons what"nrtnt, lr' "r soever, who shall be a Maker of Chocolate, or the respective Person or Persons for whole Ufc he, flic or chotola, C miie' they shall make any Chocolate, in case the same be made in London or Westminster, or in any Parts within Everr Week, if the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall weekly and every Week, and in case the say shall be made in any other Part of Great Britain, shall once in every six Weeks make a true and particular y six v/tci: r,

Entry in Writing at the next Office for the said Inland Duties hereby set and imposed, of all Chocolate j, radcin oil.cr

which shall be made by or for him, her or them within such Week or six Weeks respectively; which arn.

said Entries shall contain the Weight of all Chocolate by or for him, her or them respectively made 5o1- r tvr, y

within the Time to which the same respectively relates; on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect of Entry of ru'h

the Sum of fifty Pounds; which Entry shall be made upon Oath by the said Makers or Proprietors re such^entry tn

spectively, or by his, her or their chief Workman or Servant employed therein, according to the best of be upon Oath.

their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker or Proprietor, or their respective Workmen or Servants

making such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, be a known Quaker, in which Case the solemn Affirmation of such Maker or Proprietor, or his, her or their Workman or Servant making such Entry, shall and may

be taken instead of such Oath'; and the said Entries, Oaths and Affirmations to verify the same shall, for Before whom such Chocolate as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with and j'uch Ojohs shall

(administered by such Officer or Officers, as shall be appointed by the respective Commissioners for the said L m C

Inland Duties, or the major Part of them for the Time being, who shall attend at the General Office

jfor that purpose in London or Westminster (who have hereby Power to administer the same) and for all

Chocolate which shall be made in other Parts of Great Britain, with and by the Collectors and Super

vlfors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers or Proprietors shall inhabit (who have hereby Power to administer the same) without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded cr

taken for the same: Provided always, That no such Maker or Proprietor shall be obliged to go or send, °tr C fi, nr'^r

further than ythe Market town where such Chocolate shall be respectively made, or the next market nt Mur"

Town to the Place where his, her or their Chocolate shall be respectively made, for die making of such ket town.

Entries as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maker or Pro Limitation of prietor of such Chocolate, in case the same shall be made in London or ivejiminjhr, or within the Limits of the said weekly Bills of Mortality, shall within one Week, and in case the same shall be made in any jalbe madoc other Part of Great Britain, shall within six Weeks next after he, she or they shall so make or ought to Every Week have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties by this Act set and imposed on within the such Chocolate, which shall be due from him, her or them respectively; that all and every such ^vcekiy E: Es^Makers and Proprietors of Chocolate, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, ^oth rvatts'" shall forfeit and lole for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above the said Duty 'r r whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such Maker or Proprietor of such 5?': ^rftpry Chocolate, after such Default in Payment of the Duties as aforesaid, shall sell, deliver, or carry out any in e 0 aif- Chocolate, until he, she or they have or hath paid and cleared off his, her or their Duties as aforesaid; Pain of forfeiting treble the Value of all such Chocolate so sold, delivered or carried out.

XIX. And for the more effectual Prevention of the unlawful Importation of Chocolate ready made from Parts beyond the Seas, and likewise the clandestine making thereof in Great Britain Be'it suri.

there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Chocolate, which from and after the twenty-fourth AE chc'je. Day of June one thoustmd seven hundred and twenty-four shall be made in Great Britain, shall be packed s°amp tnpapersln up, and a Stamp of Mark put upon the same, in the Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, 'All each containing such Makers or Proprietors of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain, shall from time to time, one Pound, and at the respective Times and Places where they are by this Act directed and required to make such Entries of the Chocolate by or for them respectively made as aforesaid, produce all the Chocolate contained in such Entry, or which ought to be contained in such Entry, at the respective Offices where such Entries are or ought to be made to the respective Officers, who in Pursuance of this Act shall be appointed for the receiving of such Entries, which Chocolate dial 1 be enclosed and tied up with Thread in several Papers, containing one Pound Weight of Chocolate each, and not more or less, each of which Papers to be tied up, shall by an Officer to be appointed by the respective Commissioners for the said Duties commissioner for that Purpose, or the major Part of them respectively, have such a Mark, Stamp, Impression or De for, he Dime vice affixed thecron, as shall be by the said respective Commissioners, from time to time, devised or ap stamp^anis pointed for that Purpose, which said Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device, shall or may be varied or al from t'jme to tered, from time to time, in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall judge to be most proper for time alter it. the Purposes aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Chocolate, as shall or ought Chocolate Stock to be entered upon or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty in Hand to b four, within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall within fourteen Days after the said twen utsohcbet^ j ty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and all such Chocolate, as shall or^v°z.e "ought to be entered upon or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and All within the twenty-four, in any other Part of Great Britain, mall within six Weeks next after the said twenty-fourth weekly Bits in Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, be brought to the respective Offices where the '4 Lays same Entries shall or ought to be made, enclosed and tied up in like Manner as is before directed, and chocola cm then have such Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device affixed thereon as aforesaid, other Pans in

XXI. And fu Weeks.

488 C io.

Anno decimo Georgii

Regis. A.D.

7 2 3

Chocolate found unstamped in Custody of any Dealer, forfeited

Forfeit of 20 s.

may give private Persons permissions to make Chocolate for private Use only.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the End of the sail last mentioned six Weeks, all such Chocolate as shall be found in the Possession or Custody of any Maker or Seller of Chocolate (other than and except such Chocolate, for which the Duties granted by this Act shall not have been become due or payable) without such Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device thereon, shall be forfeited, and such Maker or Seller of Chocolate hall further forfeit and pay twenty Shillings o^chocoiate^ot fr eve, T pound Weight of such Chocolate so found in his or her Custody or possession without such tamped.' cho Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device as aforesaid; all such Chocolate as, from and after the End of colace found ce the last mentioned six Weeks, shall be found removing from one Place to another without such mark, moving without Stamp, Impression or Device as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized for his Majesty's Use, to stamp, forfeited, gethep with the Package containing the same.

ior luc'h'stam'1"

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever tlu ihmty forfeits at any Time counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any such Mark, Stamp, 50*01, and to Impression or Device, which shall be provided and made use of in Pursuance of this Act, or shall utter,

fufter 12, Months vend or sell any Chocolate with such counterfeit Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device thereon, knowing

Imprisonment. the same to be counterfeit; then every such Person or Persons so offending therein, hall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and also shall be committed to the next County Chocolate made there to remain for twelve Months without Bail or Mainprize.

in private Fa 4

XXIII. And whereas many of his Majesty's Subjects have been accustomed, or may be disposed, to milies. ' make or cause Chocolate to be made not for Sale, or to make any Profit thereof, but to be consumed in

' their own private Families; 'For the better Accommodation of such Persons, It is hereby provided and

notice offi°ays enacte<^ by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou

otice 1 cm f; lnc) seven hundred and twenty-four, in case any such Person or Persons shall be minded to make any,

Quantity of such Chocolate at his, her or their own private House, or any other Place, and shall give Notice in Writing, under his, her or their Hand or Hands, of such his, her or their Intention to make such Chocolate, to the Officer for the said Duties hereby set and imposed, of the Division or Place in which such Chocolate for private Use is intended to be made, by the Space of three Days at the least,

before his, her or their beginning to work or make, or causing to be begun to be worked or made such Chocolate, in which Notice shall be particularly specified the weight or Quantity of Coconuts designed to be so made into Chocolate, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to be employed in the making or working thereof, and the House or Place where the same Chocolate is to be so made; then and in every such Case such Officer or Officers shall signor give a Permission in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, without Fee or Reward, for the making or working such Quantity of Chocolate by such Person or Persons, and at such Place or Places, as shall be so notified as aforesaid, and such House or Place shall not, in respect of the making such Chocolate there, be subject or liable to be surveyed, visited or inspected by such Officers as aforesaid; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

afer

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case iin hiingvuch the Chocolate so made as aforesaid for private Use, the Person or Persons who shall work or make the same, or for whose Use the same shall be worked or made, do and shall, within three Days after the finishing the working or making the Quantity of Chocolate so permitted to be made for private Use, make or cause to be made an Entry on Oath with the proper Officer before directed to take Entries of Coffee, Tea and Chocolate, in the Division, District or Place, where such Chocolate shall be made as aforesaid, of the whole Quantity of Chocolate then made by Virtue of such Permit, and shall bring or produce, or cause to be brought or produced, all such Chocolate so made, ready wrapped up or enclosed, as before is directed, to have such Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device affixed thereon, and at the same Time shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Duty hereby imposed for the same Chocolate; and that, in De, fault of such Entry, Marking or Stamping, and Payment of such Duties as aforesaid, all such Chocolate

as shall not be entered, marked or stamped, or for which such Duties shall not be paid as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons for whom the same shall be made, hall forfeit to his Majesty treble the Value thereof.

hundred"wei he  of "coconuts 

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or persons shall be permitted to work or make into Chocolate, for his, her or their own private Use, any quan eechtimenot tity of Coconuts left than half one hundred Weight of Coconuts at a Time; anything in this to be made into Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chocolate for

XXVI. And for the better securing the Inland Duties by this Act granted upon Coffee and Tea sold to be consumed in this Kingdom, and upon Chocolate which shall be made and sold in Great Britain, by Wholesale or Retail, and to the Intent that the same may not be too burdensome on the Importers of such Coffee and Tea as shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas; It is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, all such Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, as shall be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any foreign Parts, upon the Entry thereof at the custom house, and paying or securing the several Subsidies and additional Imposts which hall then remain due thereon, shall be forthwith carried or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be for that Purpose provided, at the Charge of the respective Importer or Importers of such Coffee, 'Pea and Coconuts, and shall be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or the major Part of them for the Time being; and the said Importer or Importers thereof shall have Power to garble and separate in such Warehouses such Coffee and Coconuts, as hath been usual, to make it Merchantable; and the said Coffee, Tea and Coconuts so brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall not be taken or carried out

But if within

Chocolate, it is not entered, brought to be {lamped, and the Duty paid, the Party forfeits the Chocolate, and treble the Value.

private Use.

After 24 June 1724. Coffee, Tea and Coconut's imported, to be entered at the customhouse, and put into a Warehouse provided by the Importer, and approved by Commissioners of Customs.

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C 10. 4s9

thence upon any Account whatsoever, other than as is herein after mentioned; that is to say. Such of Of and for such the said Coffee and Tea as shall be sold to be consumed in Great Britain, shall be delivered out of such, |, of such. Warehouse or Warehouses, upon Payment of his Majesty's Duties payable by this A for the same Coffee and and Tea in Manner following; that is to say, The Importer or Proprietor, or such Person or Persons (onfumtyi'n' as shall be appointed by him or her, shall for such Coffee and Tea which shall remain in such Warehouse greaatitain. or Warehouses within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the weekly Bills of Mortality, make an An Entry to be Entry with the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duties within the Cities of London or Westminster, made, who shall be appointed to receive the same, of so much Coffee or Tea as he or she intends to take out of such Warehouse, and pay down in ready Money to such Receiver or collector the respective Inland The Wand D duties by this at granted, amounting in the whole to two Shillings for every Pound Weight of Coffee, tics to be paid and four Shillings for every Pound Weight of 'I'ea: And in all other Places of Great Britain the Im don porter or Proprietor, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him or her, shall make such Entries at the Office for the said Inland Duties as shall be appointed for that Purpose, which shall be nearest to such Warehouse or Warehouses appointed as aforesaid, and pay down the said Inland Duties to the Colleddoi appointed to receive the same; and upon producing a Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or On producing to Certificates, signed by such respective Collector or Receiver (certifying that he has received the said Warvhouft inland Duties by this Act granted) to the respective warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, such warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses so much ofh/ving* Coffee or Tea, intended for home Consumption, as shall be mentioned or expressed in such Warrant or received th in warrants, Certificate or Certificates respectively, to have paid the said Inland Duties; and the respectland Duties, such tive warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers are thereupon to to give to such Importers or Proprietors warehouse a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Coffee or Tea so delivered out, which Permit or Certificate shall er out so much be also signed by an Officer attending the said Warehouse or Warehouses, who shall be appointed by the Andto give T said Commissioners for the said Inland Duties, or the major Part of them, to prevent the seizing thereof; Permit for so and as to such Coconuts as shall remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses, and shall be intended to be much, taken out of the same, in order to be made into Chocolate in this Kingdom, an Entry thereof shall be first As to.cocoa made by the Importer or Proprietor, or such Person or Persons as he or she shall appoint, with the re ^ade^mo spetftive Receiver or Collector appointed to receive or collect! the said Inland Duties, as a Charge upon choedatr in this such Importer or Proprietor, and also on the Buyer of the same, which said Receiver or Collector respee Kingdom, the tively, shall certify such Entry to the respective warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers; and upon suchlike Method to Certificate the Quantity of Coconuts mentioned therein, shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or be observed. Warehouses accordingly, with a Permit or Certificate, signed by the Officer for the said Inland Duties at such Warehouse, to be delivered to the Officer of the said Inland Duties by this Act granted, of the de vision or Place to which such Coconuts are intended to be carried, to the Intent that the same Officer may take the same into Stock; and as to such Part of the said Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, as shall be goch partof intended for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, the same shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or such Coffee, Tea Warehouses unto the Importers, or such Buyers or other Persons as such Importer shall appoint in that and cocoamuts Behalf, upon sufficient Security to be first given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which Security 'n such ware the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, or such Officer or Officers of the Customs as tended to bvcx" they, or the major Part of them shall from Time to Time appoint, are hereby reejuired and empowered t, 0rtcii,; s lo b to take, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain, delivered out which said Securities shall be discharged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned or produced upon sufficient to the Commissioners of the Customs, or such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, under th Common Seal securi1?to CX of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two the fime.c" known British Merchants then being at such Place or Places, that such Coffee, Tea or Coconuts were sic[] secu.irie's there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Coffee, 'I'ea or Coconuts were taken by to be discharg^ Enemies, or perished in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the on Ceruficaic. said Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being.

XXVII. And for preventing all clandestine importing or bringing in of Coffee, Tea or Coconuts into this Kingdom of Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Coffee Tca or or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one cocoauu im thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, shall import or bring any Coffee, Tea or Coconuts (which ported, not to ought to be secured in such Warehouse as aforesaid). into Great Britain, and shall not make due Entries entered and thereof, and bring the same into the said Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, the same shall be and is,

hereby adjudged to be clandestinely run, and unlawfully imported, and the same shall and may be seized the Package" by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or for the said Inland Duties hereby granted; and such Per thereof, sndhor son or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate offending therein, shall forfeit and lose all the Coffee, fesimployed in Tea and Coconuts so clandestinely run, or unlawfully imported, together with the Cmifters, Bags, carrji"e thereof. Casks or other Vessels or Things containing the same, and the Horses, Carts and other Carriages made use may be seized of in the carrying of the same.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Upon Diputcs of any Dispute shall arise whether the Customs or Inland Duties payable for any Coffee or Tea, or paying 01 not the Customs for any Coconuts, which shall be seized in Pursuance of this Act, have been duly paid, paying Duties, or that the same or any Part thereof have been condemned as forfeited, the Prcof thereof shall lie lhef°, ie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof, or the Person or Persons on whom the same shall be found, and not °" 1 ' almor' on the Officer.

C io.

Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

XXIX. And for preventing the clandestine carrying the said Coffee, Tea or Coconuts out of the every Ware said Warehouses, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper or Keepers of the said hnufe keeper to Warehouse and Warehouses, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and keep a bi>ok for the Person or Persons, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the said Inland Duties granted entnng all by this act to attend the said respective Warehouses, shall each of them keep one or more Book or Books, wherein they shall respectively and separately fairly enter in Writing an exact, particular, and true Account of all Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, which from time to time shall be brought into and carried out of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses, to which he or they shall respectively belong, and the Days and Times when the same shall be so brought in and carried out, and how much thereof was delivered out, to be consumed and spent in Great Britain, and how much for Exportation, and the Names of the respective Person or Persons, to whom or for whose Use the same was delivered out, and shall at the End of every six Months, or oftener, if required, transmit in Waiting an Account thereof upon Oath to the respective Commissioners of the Customs, and for the said Inland Duties hereby granted for the Time being, under whom they respectively serve, together with an exact Account of how much shall be remaining in the respective Warehouse or Warehouses to which they respectively belong; and the said Commissioners of the Customs, and the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties, severally and respectively are hereby required and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall be respectively transmitted to them as aforesaid, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to inspect the said respective Book or Books, Warehouse or Warehouses, and to examine the same Accounts; and if upon Examination it shall appear that any of the said Coffee, Tea or Coconuts, were delivered out otherwise than as aforesaid, or before Payment of his Majesty's Inland Duties for such of the said Coffee and Tea, as shall have been sold to be consumed in Great Britain, or giving such Security as aforesaid for such of the said Coffee or Tea, such warehouse which shall be delivered out for Exportation as aforesaid, then the warehouse keeper or warehouse keeper to be m keepers, and Officer or Officers respectively offending therein, shall not only be disabled to hold or en ose'^mho i°y any public Office or Employment, but shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum forfeit 100l. of one hundred Pounds.

Proprietor of

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the such Coffee, and Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coffee, Tea or Coconuts, so to be lodged in any such Warehouse such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, to affix one Lock to every such Warehouse, the Key of which shall remain keeper, each to; n the Custody of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and to and for the Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the said Inland Duties to attend such Warehouse or Warehouses, to affix one other Lock upon every such Warehouse or Warehouses, the Key whereof to remain in the Custody Warehouse of the said Officer for the said Inland Duties; and the said Proprietor and Proprietors shall and may, in keeper to attend the Presence of the said warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, and Officer or Officers appointed for the said Inland Duties (who are hereby obliged to attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose) view, fort and receive out of the said Warehouse or Warehouses, the said Coffee, Tea or Coconuts, or any Part thereof in Manner following; that is to say, Such of the said Coffee or Tea which shall be sold to be consumed in Great Britain, upon paying the Inland Duties hereby charged thereon, to the Persons and in the Manner herein before prescribed; and such of the said Coconuts as are intended to be made into

brought in and all carried out, and to transmit Acuunts,

At the End of every fixmonlhs, or so >ner if required.

If upon examine rg such Accounts, it hall appear that any such Coffee, chas been unduly delivered out,

have a Lock and Key.

at reasonable Times,

Chocolate in Great Britain, upon making an Entry thereof in the Manner before prescribed, and giving Permits and Certificates as is before directed; such of the said Coffee, Tea and Coconuts as shall be sold for Exportation, upon giving such Security as is before in that Behalf expressed.

Commissioners for the Inland Duties may pro

XXXI. And for the more effectual securing the said Inland Duties upon Coffee by this Act imposed.

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties for the Time being, or the major Part of them, if they shall think

h'our.^s°anj1 qffi* convenient and necessary, from time to time to provide such and so many Houses as they shall judge

cers to attend.*expedient, and at such Places as they shall think moll proper, for the roasting of all such Coffee berries as shall be brought to them respectively for that Purpose, and shall constitute and appoint such Officers as they shall think necessary for attending the same, and one or more Person or Persons at each House, well skilled in the roasting of Coffee who are constantly to attend at such Roasting house for that Purpose, and also proper Materials for the roasting thereof; to which all Importers, Sellers and Dealers in Coffee, either by Wholesale or Retail, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, may resort to have their Coffee berries roasted, bringing a Certificate from some or one of the Officers for the said Inland Duties, that the Duty of such Coffee berries, so brought to be roasted, hath been paid, or that the same w*h* was art t^le Stock in Hand of some Dealer in Coffee on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou proportionably, far, d feveri hundred and twenty-four, or that the same had been condemned as forfeited; for the roasting for roasting of which Coffee no more shall be paid than eight Shillings for every one hundred Weight Averdupots Coffee berries, thereof, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Sellers and

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

Dealers may send be lawful to and for all Sellers and Dealers in Coffee, either by Wholesale or Retail, to appoint such ^7. nrwn Person or Persons as he or they shall respectively think proper for the roasting of their Coffee berries in paying" per such Houses to be provided as aforesaid, who shall be permitted to road the same therein accordingly, hundred Weight, paying only three Shillings for every hundred Weight thereof, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser

and proportion Quantity.

by

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the providing of

During the con such Roasting houses, and during the Continuance of the same for the Purposes aforesaid, no Coffee

tiouing such

Houses, no Coffee berries to be reafted elfwhere, on forfeiting the Coffee and 5 s. per Pounds

Berries

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C. 10. 49 1

Officer orroafter

Berries shall be roasted, burnt or dried in Great Britain, in order to make the same fit for Sale, but in some one of those Houses to be provided as aforesaid, Pain of forfeiting the Coffee which shall be so roasted, burnt or dried in any Place, other than in some one of those Houses to be provided as aforesaid, and the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound Weight of Coffee berries, which shall he so roasted, burnt or dried in any other Place than in some one of the said Houses to be provided as aforesaid, and in that Proportion for a greater or lester Quantity.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, II aitmd northeast,

or Officers, Roaster or Roasters of Coffee, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the said In forfeits for first land Duties hereby granted, to attend such roasting houses as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give Offence 101. for due Attendance at such roasting houses, for the roasting of such Coffee as shall be brought thither for io E, 'd that purpose, such Officer or Officers so neglecting or refuting, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and j c 'c' lose the Sum of ten Pounds for such his or their first Offence therein; and in Case such Officer or Offi f, r0 dealer, C cers shall afterwards offend in the same Nature a second Time, such Officer or Officers, for such second 10 receive out of Offence, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, and also from thenceforth be incapable of such Warclmufo holding any Office or Employment in any Branch of his Majesty's Revenues: Provided always, That no v/ci'fht'o't'cof Seller or Dealer in Coffee, Tea or Coconuts shall receive out of any of the public W are houses afore fcc'r, a ant co said, any less Quantity of Coffee, Tea or Coconuts than one hundred Weight of each Sort at one Coa Nuts rffpcc time, except in such particular Cases where the Importation and delivering into such Warehouses shall tively at each be in less Quantities or Parcels, or where the said Goods shall be publicly sold by any Lot or Lots, 'r, n e: e^pt Parcel or Parcels, in less Quantities than one hundred Weight of each Sort. station isfo"

less Quantities

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better ascertaining ass Sclirrr of the Quantities of all Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate which shall from time to Time be sold, all y.c, and Keepers Sellers and Dealers therein, or in any of them, and all Makers of Chocolate, and all coffeehouse keepers of Coffee and and chocolatehouse keepers who shall sell or consume the same, or any of them, in small Quantities un Chocolatehouses, der the Weight of six Pounds, shall and are hereby obliged and directed, from time to time, after the said qutnpt fs

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, to keep an Account of all such ihafogvounds' Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Coconuts, which they or any of them respectively shall so sell or consume, f Coffee, Tea in small Quantities in each Day, and shall every Night enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, an and Chocolate Account of the Gross Quantities of the said several Commodities which have been by him, her or them daily sold or aeon respectively so retailed or consumed in that Day in small Quantities under the said Weight of six Pounds; totals toyeeve and the said Sellers or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate, and coffee housekeepers ry sot and chocolatehouse keepers shall also keep one other Book, wherein they shall respectively enter down in a Book, each Parcel of Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate above the Weight of six Pounds, which they shall respectively fell in each Day; which said Parcels of Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate, &C_CP Oenceothe above the Weight of six Pounds, shall not be removed out of the respective Sellers Custody, without a Book tofotdown Permit or Certificate signed by some Officer for the said Duties, expressing the Quantity and Quality of each Parcel sold, the Coffeee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate so sold, and the Name of the Person lb selling, and the Per c beins above fons so buying the same, and the Place to which the same is intended to be carried; and that the Duties 6pountls by this Act charged on the Coffee, Tea and Chocolate were paid, or that the Coconuts were entered, such Parcels or that the same were condemned as forfeited, or were Part of the Stock in Hand of some Person or Per abnve six Pounds fons, expressing their Names, of which an Account had been taken on or before the said twenty-fourth not to be rem day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; which said Books shall be, and are hereby di pcd u.ltllouc rested to be prepared for the making such Entry as aforesaid, and delivered, upon Demand, unto the re crmlt' spective Sellers and Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate, by the Commissioners for the said Such Books to Inland Duties, or such Person or Persons, as they the same Commissioners for the said Inland Duties shall b f'eparc<iby for that Purpose direct and appoint; Provided always, That no such Seller or Dealer as aforesaid, shall sioners for the have in his, her or their Custody, more than one such Book of each Sort at a Time; and when the said inland Duties. Books in their Custody shall be filled up, the same are hereby directed, from time to time, to be returned Seller to to the respective Officer or Officers for the said Inland Duties, from whom the same were respectively re have at the son# ceived, upon the Oath, or in Case of a Quaker, upon the Solemn Affirmation of such Sellers or Dealers Time above one as aforesaid, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, who kept the same, and made the Entries therein, Book of each of the Truth of such Entries, according to the best of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief; and one ^ort', or more new Book or Books shall thereupon be delivered to such respective Sellers or Dealers, in the ^benfimed up Room of such Book or Books so returned, and so toties quoties, as often as such Book or Books shall be to 1" delivered filled up with such Entries; which said Books so kept by such respective Sellers or Dealers shall, from back upon Oath; time to time, lie open to be perused by the Officers for the said Inland Duties hereby granted, the better Books so kept to to enable them to make their Charges of such Duties, and keep their Stocks of the Increase and Decrease Ils °pcn to of the respective Commodities charged therewith: Provided always, That if any such Seller or Dealer in £ccrcur!.e<l by of" Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate shall neglect or refuse to keep such Books and make such Entries j11.

therein, or to permit the said Officers for the said Duties to inspect them, or not return the said Books ac fijc^books, e'p cording to the Direction of this Act, or shall make any false Entry in such Book or Books, he she or they make such en shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds. tiies, or toper

mi: Officers to

inspect them, or not delivering them back, or for making false Entries, forfeit oc 1.

492

C i o.

Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 172 5.

XXXVI. And whereas several Quantities of Coffee and Tea have been or may be imported, and upon Importation thereof the Duties, which by Law remain to the Crown on Exportation only, have been paid or secured., Part of which Coffee or Tea may, upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, be in some one or more of the Warehouse or Warehouses, appointed in Pursuance of the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, undtr the Care and Custody of the respective Proprietors thereof, and the respective Warehouse keepers appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for that Purpose; all the Ditties of which said Coffee and Tea, which are in Pursuance of this Act to cease and determine on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven htmdrd and twenty-four, not having been paid for the fameit is therefore provided, enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such warehouses le twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, so much only of the several cn or after the and respective Inland Duties by this Act set and imposed upon Colfee and Tea, as have not been paid for fiid 24th of June the Duties hereby determined, shall be and are hereby set, imposed and chargeable upon all the said cof-1724, is charged see. and Tea respectively, which shall be so found in such Warehouse or Warehouses upon or after the i h the Inland twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundrd and

Coffee and Tea being now in Warehouses and there having been yet paid only such Du ies as do belong to the Crown after the Expiration thereof.

Such cofteeand

Duties And must be en tred at the cu flomhouse upon delivering out.

And if the old Duties are not paid or secured, such Coffee and

and twenty-four.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Coffee and Tea, so found in such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall, within one Month next after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, or upon Delivery thereof out of the said Warehouses before the Expiration of the said Month, make an Entry at the custom noufe of all such Coffee and Tea so found, and shall pay or secure the remaining Customs or Duties due thereon, which, notwithstanding this Act, are still to be paid or secured at the Customhouse at the Importation thereof, that is to say. The old subsidy, the new Subsidy, the one third Subsidy and the two thirds Subsidy, and the additional Import; and on Failure thereof, all fotc<l*bef°r" such Coffee and Tea shall be forfeited and lost; and in case the said Coffee and Tea or any Part thereof, If such Coffee shall be exported within the Time allowed by Law for that Purpose from the Importation thereof, the and Tea is ex Exporter or Exporters thereof shall, on a proper Debenture, be entitled to draw back all the Duties that ported, Exporter shall have been paid on such Importation, or the Security for the same shall be vacated, as to so much to have a Draw thereof as shall be exported (except Half of the old Subsidy so paid or secured as aforesaid, which is to re onpaving the llla'n to the Crown); and upon Payment of the Inland Duty for so much of the said Coffee and Tea as shall Inland Duties remain unexported, the Securities given in Respect of the same Coffee and Tea, shall also he vacated; the Securties to any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

be delivered up.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for ?*ntdutie!tto fc Officers of the said Duties granted by this Act, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one enter such waiet thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, from Time to Time, to enter into all and every such lass mentioned Warehouse or Warehouses, wherein such Coffee and Tea or any of them, shall be kept, and to weigh and take an Account of the respective Quantities thereof, and the respective Proprietors of the same, and to and for the Commissioners for the said inland Duties or the major Part of them, to appoint one or more warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers of such Warehouse or Warehouses of such Coffee and Tea; which said warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers so appointed for the same Warehouse or Warehouses lass mentioned respectively, shall and may affix one Lock upon every such Warehouse or Warehouses, the Key whereof shall remain in the Custody of such warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers respectively; which said Coffee or Tea, so remaining in such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall not be tak noutoi such taken from or out of the same, without first paying the respective Duties imposed thereon by this Act: Warehouses And the said lass mentioned warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers shall keep such and the like without paying Books, and make such and the like Entries therein, and transmit such and the like Accounts in Writing the Inland Du Upon Oath to the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties hereby granted, and do and perform all such Such Warehouse ot^ier Matters and Things, with respect to the Coffee and Tea which shall be founder their Care and in lteepeis to keep speftion, as are pfeferibed, directed and required to be done and performed by the warehouse keepers who shall be appointed, in Pursuance of this Act, for the Warehouses in which all Coffee and Tea which shall be imported into Great Britain from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, are directed to be kept, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as the said first mentioned warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers are subject and liable unto by Virtue of this Act for any Offence or Neglect by them committed against this Act.

Sudi Warehouse

keepers liable to the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as before.

houses, and to take Accounts. Commissioners for the Inland Duties to appoint warehouse keepers.

Such Ccffeeand Tea not to be

Books, and transmit Accounts to the Commissioners for the Inland Duties.

Coffee, Tea, C

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seller or Dealer in cof conceakd, C feej Xea or Coconuts, or any Maker or Seller of Chocolate, shall hide or conceal any Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate from the Sight or View of the Officers of the said Inland Duties by this Act granted, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of the same, the Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit and lose all such Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate which shall be found so concealed, and Value forfeited treble the Value thereof, and also all Canisters, Bags, Boxes, Jars, Tubs and other Vessels and Package UL 1 1 containing the same.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said twenty-fourth Day for ataolting, of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, any Person or Persons v/batsoever shall assault, re «cfo?!ercui'n*c' °pp°^e» tnoleft, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or for the Duties by this da Act granted, in the due feiaing or securing of any Coffee, Tea, Coconuts or Chocolate which by any paging Coffee, Officer or Officers of the Customs, or for the Duties hereby granted, shall or may be seized by Virtue or c.fe zed, in

493

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C o.

in Pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts now iif Force, or hereafter to be made, or shall by Force or Violence refeue, or hall cause to be refeued, any of the said Commodities after the same shall have been ftized by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, or hall attempt or enjeavour so to do, or after such Seizure hall have, break or otherwise destroy or damage any Vessels or Package, wherein the same shall be contained, all and every the Party or Parties so offending hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose penalty jol. the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Penalties, and all rcnait; e5an<i all Forfeitures, as well specific as pecuniary, relating to the Inland Duties by this Act imposej, or to forfeitur t, at the Commodities hereby prohibited to be imported or to any Seizures made in Pursuance of this Act, specificlr as shall be filed for, levied and recovered or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, pecuniary, to be Penalty and Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws relating to his Majesty k nawvjf'

Revenues of Excise, or any of them, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Exclfe/ majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for anything done in that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for anything done in that Part of Great Britain called One Moiety t Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his thcciown, the i hirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall seize, inform and sue for " 'lier to, hclr. the same. _ - so, mcr

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as shall Commissioners for the Time being, be in Pursuance of this Act appointed Commissioners for the Duties on Coffee, Tea for the Duties and Chocolate, arising or to arise in England, TV ala or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the major Part granted by this of them, shall have and exercise the same or like Jurisdiction, Power and Authority, and may judge, de .431 have termine, mitigate or order in all Cases and Matters relating to the Duties arising within the Limits afore avthe^mnmiffi" fiicl, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer and Ale and other Liquors, may or lawfully can or ought cr, ers tfexcifc. to exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate or order in like Cases or Matters in relation to the said Duties on Excise; and that the Judgments which shall be so given in Pursuance of this Act by the said Commissi jujgmentspur oners and Justices of the Peace respectively, shall be, and are hereby declared to be final, and not liable fuanc to this Act to be removed by Certiorari into any of the Courts at Westminster; any Law, Statute or Provision to the not to be remov contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. C by Certiorari.

XLIII. Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who All Commission hail be appointed a Commissioner for the Duties by this Act granted, and every subordinate Officer un ners and officers der such Commissioners, who shall receive any Salary or Allowance in respect of his or their Office, hall '°. b. c.., 9rorn before he or they hall act in their respective Trusts, take an Oath for his and their due and faithful Exe cj*e't°h j cution of the same, according to this Act; which Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner by any other Person who shall be appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, and to the said Officers respectively, by any one of the said Commissioners, or by one Justice of the Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof gratis.

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be genera!l(t«e. sued, molested or prosecuted for anything done by Virtue or in Purfurnce of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall difeominue his Action or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such trebleco ts. Plaintiff.

XLV. And to the End all the Rates and Duties upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate confirmed in Great Britain by this Act granted, may be duly and certainly raised, and the same (except the necessary Charges of executing this Act) may be justly and duly brought into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, according to the true Meaning hereof, It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time there shall be appointed such and so many Commissioners and Officers as shall be proper and necessary for managing, raising, collecting and paying the said several Rates and Duties herein before granted, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that the respective Commissioners and ofr Commissioners cers concerned therein, shall perform their several Duties in Relation to the Premises, as to them respectand Officers fur tively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising by the same Penalties as in Rates and Duties, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum9& io W. 3. not exceeding two millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per C 44 annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Dudes thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act of Parliament lait mentioned.

XL

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the how the Money Moneys arising by the said Inland Duties by this Act charged and imposed upon all Coffee and Tea, and arising by the Inal the Money arising by the said Inland Duty by this Act charged upon all Chocolate, shall be appropri Iimd Dot: its t ated, issued and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated and made payable to the same uf.s, In be applied tents and Purposes, as the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Coconuts and Cocoa Paste, continued and made perpetual by the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen 7 anne. 7. Anne, were appropriated and applicable before the making of this present Act, and shall be also subject §. 33. and liable to the same Redemption by Parliament, as the said Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Coconuts and Cocoa Paste, continued and made perpetual by the last mentioned Act, were by the same Act

Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

The old Sutfidy on imported Tea to be according to rhc reduced Value.

Imported Coffee rated at 7l. per hundred Weight, Coconuts at 50s. per hundred Weight.

The former Customs still remaining on Coffee, Tea and Coconuts,

to be still paid. Sec. according to the former Acts.

Not to give to any new Powers to import Tea,

Coconuts lawfully imported before 29 Sept. 1723, may be exported before 25 June 1725.

Provided such Coconuts be brought, into such "Warehouse, CC

10.

subjected and liable unto; and the remaining Moiety of the Moneys arising by the said Inland Duties by' this Act charged and imposed upon all Coffee and Tea as aforesaid, hull be appropriated, issued and applied, and the same is hereby appropriated to the same Uses, Intents and 1'urposes, as the Duties upon Coffee and Tea, continued and made perpetual by the said Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, were and stood appropriated and applicable before the making of this present Act; and hall also be subject and liable to the same Redemption by Parliament, as the said Duties upon Coffee and Tea, continued and made perpetual by that Act, were by the said last mentioned Act subjected and liable unto.

XLVII. And whereas by Law the several Subsidies and additional Import, payable upon Tea imported from any Place within the Limits of the East India company's Charter, are to be computed according to the gross Price at which such Tea is publicly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle, after the Deduction of the Customs, and other Duties payable thereon to his Majesty at Importation, and other Deductions; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tea imported or to be imported as aforesaid, shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, pay the old Subsidy of twelve Pence in the Pound, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, according to the reduced Value thereof, after the Deductions before mentioned, and the several other Subsidies and additional Import upon Tea are to be paid on the Importation thereof, according to such reduced Value proportional. bly; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And whereas the several Subsidies and additional Import upon Coffee and Coconuts ime ported, are by Law charged according to the Value at which such Coffee and Coconuts are sworn by the Importers, which by Experience has been found to be very unequal, some Persons valuing the same at far lower Prices than others, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and the Discouragement of fair Traders For Remedythereof for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, all Coffee imported shall be rated at seven Pounds for every hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, and all Coconuts imported shall be rated at fifty Shillings for every hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds; and the Subsidy of twelve Pence in the Pound, by the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, shall be paid according to such respective Rates of seven Pounds and fifty Shillings, and the further Subsidy, the one third and two third Subsidies, and additional Import:, shall be paid according to such Rates respectively, and not according to the Value sworn; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And whereas over and above the Inland Duties by this Act charged upon Coffee and Tea imported, and upon Chocolate made in this Kingdom, the several Duties hereafter mentioned are by Law C still payable at the Customhouse upon and for Coffee, Tea and Coconuts imported, that is to say, ' the Gld Subsidy, the new Subsidy, the one third and the two third Subsidies, and the additional Import; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Subsidies and additional Import, shall be paid or secured, and shall be raised? levied and collected, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, with such Discounts, Allowances and Drawbacks as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Parliament, which granted or continued the said respective Subsidies and additional Import; and all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect, and shall he applied, practised and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering and paying the said respective Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as the same might and ought to have been in case this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall give or grant, or extend, or be construed to give or grant any Power, Authority or Licence to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import any Tea into any of his Majesty's Dominions, but such only as could by Law import the same, and in such Manner as the same could be lawfully imported before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them (who are hereby in powered and required to examine the Matter upon Oath) that any Coconuts have been lawfully imported into this Kingdom before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and that the Duties then payable by Law upon the Importation thereof have been paid, or secured to be paid, it shall and maybe lawful for the Owners or Importers thereof, to export the same at any Time or Times before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five (Security against fraudulently relanding the same being first given, as is uftial in Cases of Exportation;,) and upon such Exportation such and the same Drawbacks, Allowances and Advantages shall be had and allowed to such Importers or Proprietors respectively, as if the same had been exported within the respective Time or Times allowed by Law for the Exportation thereof: Provided such Coconuts, shall on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, be brought into some or one of the Warehouses to be appointed pufuant to this Act, or the Key or Keys of the Warehouse or Warehouses, where the same are or shall be then kept, be on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, delivered to some 1 or

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C r 1 — 13.

or one of the Officers to be appointed for the said Inland Duties, to prevent Frauds in relation thereto; any Law, Usage or Custom, or anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas all the Real and Personal Estate of Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carmvath, attainted of High Treason, was forfeited, and great Part thereof, by one or more at or Adds of Parliament, is veiled in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public; which Part, so vested in the Trustees, hath: been sold accordingly for the Sum of live thousand one hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath, having for these eight Years and upwards been destitute of all necessary Suhfistence, has contracted considerable Debts for the Support and Maintenance of himself and his Family Now in Companion to the deplorable Condition of the said Robert Dalzell, late Earl of gam math, and his Family, we your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do humbly pray, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said five thousand one hundred Pounds arising from the Sale or Produce of the Estate of the said Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carmvath, so forfeited as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money (after paying the proportionable Part of the Demands of such Creditors, whole Claims have been allowed upon, and do affect the said Estate) shall and may be taken, issued and applied, for and towards the future Support and Maintenance of the said Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath, and his Family, and for the Payment of his Debts, without Account, Imprelt or other Charge to be set upon him for the same, as his Majesty in his great Goodness shall, by his Sign Manual, think nt to direct and appoint: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised, empowered and directed, to cause the same to be paid to the said Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath, or his Assigns accordingly, without Abatement for Fees, Charges or other deductions whatsoever; any former Law, Custom or Statute to the contrary, or any

Incapacity by reason of the Attainder of the said Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath, notwithstanding

XI

An Act to prevent Multiplicity of Prosecutions upon an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the manufacturees of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, entitled, In ai for the more effectual employing f the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, it is, amongst other Things enacted, That all 6 Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Perfta, China or east india, and all Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or stained there, whether the same shall be mixed, ' sewed or made up together for Sale, with any other Goods or Materials, or otherwise, which from and |' after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall be found in any House, Shop or Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever (other than in such Warehouses, as shall be ap proved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs) shall be forfeited, and subject and liable to lie searched for and seized; which said Act it is provided that the Powers therein shall not extend

to any such Silks, Bengals, Stuffs or Calicoes which shall have been made up and used in any sort of

Apparel or Furniture before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one: And whereas several Persons have, flnee the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand

hundred and one, inadvertently made up and used the said prohibited Goods in Furniture and

Household stuff, believing the said at extended to Apparel only, and thereby have subjected themselves to the Penalties of the said at For Remedy whereof, and preventing the numberless Prosecutions that might happen from such Inadvertency, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Silks, Bengals or Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, or painted, dyed, printed or stained Calicoes, manufactured in Perfta, China or east india, which were made up, or used in Furniture or Household stuff before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; anything in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An act for repairing the Roads leading from Stump cross, in the Parish of Chesterford in the County of Essex, to Newmarket heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.

PR.

This attook Place i June 1724, and is to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XIII.

An act for amending the Roads from the Stones end in Southwark to Highgate, at the Entrance of ash down Forest in the Parish of East grinflead in the County of Sussex, and from King flan to Burton common, and also the Lane leading from jvood Hatch to Sidlow mill, and the Lanes called Hors hills, Bonchurfi alias Boners, and Peteridge lanes, in the County of Surrey, by enlarging the Terms granted by two former. als, one of the fourth, and the other of the sixth year of his Majesty's Reign.

PR.

495

Relief prsnled to Robert dal zell, late Earl of Carnwath) See.

Concerning Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, C see farther

11 Geo. I. C 30.

12 Geo. 1. C z3.

Geo. 2. c. 14.

5 Geo. 2. c. 24.

13 Geo. 2. c. 26. 21 Geo. 2. c. 14. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

12 Gf 12 IV 3, C 10.

12 IV 3. C II

£ Anv. C 9.

3 Ann. C 4. /. 3. lo Ann. C 29.

A£V 11w. 3. C 20. not to extend to India Silks, C made up in Furniture before 25 Dec. 1722.

See farther 9 Geo. 2. c. 4. 15 Geo. 2. c. 32.

The

496

7 Geo. i. Stat. i C 28*

Farther Provisions for these Matters, 13 Geo. 1. c. 22.

C 14. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

The Powers, is'c. in the private Act Geo. 1. c. 4. which were to continue for 21 Years from 25 March 1718, which Term was enlarged bp 6 Geo. t. C z6. for two Years, are further continued for twenty-one Years longer from thence next ensuing, for the Purposes in this Act. [Farther continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 5 J

CAP. XIV.

An Act for enlarging the Times for hearing and determining Claims by the Trustees for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the south-sea Company, and others; and for reviving and continuing the Provision formerly made against requiring Special Bail in Actions or Suits upon Contracts for Stock or Subscriptions, between the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti

4 W ruled. An Act for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Di

rectors, Cashier, Deputy cashier, and Accountant of the south-sea Company, and of John Aiflabie, Esquire,

and likewise of James Crags fen. Esquire, decayed, towards making good the great Loss and Damage fuf tained by the said Company; and for d fabling such of the said Persons as are living to hold any Office or Place of I ruff under the Crown, or to sit or vote in Parliament for the future; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressedp It is enacted (amongst other firings) That all and every the Real Estate and Estates whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, and all Rights of Action, Uses, Trusts, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, and all and every the Share and Shares in the Capital Stock or Stocks of any Corporation, Company or Society, and all Moneys due upon any Account or Accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other Debts and Securities for Debts, and all ready Moneys, Goods and Merchan dizes, Personal Estate and effects whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, which Sir John Felloives,

Baronet, late Sub governor, Charles Joy, Esquire, late Deputy governor, and William Act ell, Esquire,

4. Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, Sir John Blunt, Baronet, 'Six Robert Chaplin, Baronet, sirpvilliam Chap -- ' man, Knight and Baronet, Robert Chester, Esquire, Stephen Child, Esquire, Peter Delaporte, Esquire,

Francis Eyles, Esquire, James Edmondson, Esquire, Edward Gibbon, Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir ' William Hammond, Knight, Francis Hawes, Esquire, Richard Horsey, Esquire, richardhoulditch, Esquire,

Sir Theodore janjfen, Knight and Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, Arthur Ingrain, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir Harcourt Master, Knight, William Morisot Esquire, Ambrose Page, Esquire,

Colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read junior, Esquire, Thomas Reynolds, Esquire, Jacob Sawbridge, '

1 Esquire, William Tillard, Esquire, and John Turner, Esquire, late Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the south-sea Company, and also Robert Knight late Treasurer or Cashier, Robert Surman late Deputy cashier, John Grigsby late Accountant to the said Corporation, and John Aifabie, Esquire, every or any of them, upon the first Day of June Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty, or at any Time or Times afterwards, or which James Crags the elder, deceased, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him at the Time of his Death,

was or were seized or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, in Law or Equity in their or any of their own Rights, or to his or their own Use or Uses, or in Partnership with any others (except as in the said Act is excepted) were, by Force and Virtue of the said Act, veiled and settled in Sir John Eyles Baronet, Sir Thomas crojje Baronet, John Rudge, Matthew Lant, Roger Hudson, Esquires, now Sir Roger Hudson Knight, Edmond Halsey, John Lade, Gabriel Roberts, and Richard Hopkins, Esquires' '

now Sir Richard Hopkins Knight, thereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed of and concerning the same, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of the same Trustees, from the respective Times in the said Act named, to the Intent the same might be sold and disposed of, or otherwise applied to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said.

Act expressed concerning the same, and that the clear Moneys arising thereby, should he appropriated to and for the Use of the south-sea Company, ill such Manner as therein is expressed: it is thereby further enacted, That the Entries of such Claims, as by the said Act are directed, by or for any Person or Corporation in Great Britain, should or might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and by or for any Person or Persons residing or being beyond the Seas, or out of Great Britain, should and might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two: And by the said Act it is fur there enacted, That the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, should and might inquire and in form themselves, by or upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Examination of the Persons making such Claims upon Oath (all which Oaths they, or any one or more of them, had there by Power to ndminister) or by the Inspection of any Mortgages, Bonds, Bills, Notes, or other Secu rities, or any Accounts relating to the said Debts, or any of them so claimed, or by Inspection of any Grants, Gifts, Settlements, Conveyances, Transfers, or Assurances relating to the said Estates, Inte rests, or ncumbrances so claimed, or any of them, or by all or any of the said Ways and Means, or otherwise, according to their Discretions, as soon as conveniently might be, touching all or any of the Delrts, Estates, Interests, or Encumbrances so claimed, and should make a Report of Reports in Wri i 4 ting of their Proceedings therein, with their Opinions thereon, from time to time, to the court of Di rectors of the said South sect Company for the Time being; and if the said Court of Directors for the

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. C 14. 497

Time being should be satisfied in the Justice of such Claim or Claims, or that any Debt or Sum of Money ought to be paid thereupon, or that the Estate, Interred, or Encumbrance so claimed, or any

Part thereof, ought to be allowed, and should declare their Satisfaction therein, by any Resolution or Resolutions of that Court; and if the Party or Parties, by or for whom such Claim should be made,

should likewise, in a Book or Books to be kept in the said Trustees Public Office for that Purpose, de clare in Writing under his, her or their Hands, his, her or their Acquiescence in such Resolution or Resolutions of the said court of Directors for the Time being, touching his, her or ihcir Debt, Estate,

Interest, or Encumbrance so claimed, at any 'rhyme or Times before the first Day of /lugujl one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; then in all and every such Case and Cases the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, should give Warrant for the Payment and Discharge of every such Debt or Sum of Money so liquidated or adjusted, out of such Moneys as should come to the Hands of the Ca ' fhier of the said south-sea Company for the Time being, for the Purposes in the said act expressed:

it was by the said act further enacted, That the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Com 1 mon Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of

them, sitting at the same Time and Place, and not otherwise, should, and they were thereby authorized, from time to time, to hear and determine all Differences, Disputes and Controversies touching

or concerning any Debts, Estates, Interests, or Encumbrances, which should be claimed within the respective Times therein before limited for making such Claims, and could not or should not he liqui dated or adjusted between the said Court of Directors for the Time being, and the respective Claimants within the Time before limited in that Behalf, and all Incidents relating thereunto, in such Manner,

as by the said act is directed: And by the said act it is further enacted, That the said Justices and Ba

rons, or any three or more of them, upon a Complaint to be made by or for any Claimant of any such Debt, Estate, Interest, or Encumbrance, whose Claims should not be liquidated or adjusted as aforesaid, (so as such Complaint be made on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand

hundred and twenty-two) should proceed in such Manner as by the said act is directed; and the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, in all Cases where they should find that any Debt or Sum of Money ought to be paid to such Claimant upon such Claims, or that the Estate, In

or Encumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof ought to be allowed, should and might, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three,

transmit a Certificate or Certificates thereof to the said Trustees in the said act nominated: And by the said act it is provided and enacted, That the Powers given by the said act to the said Justices and

Barons, for hearing and determining such Differences, Disputes and Controversies relating to such

as aforesaid, and issuing their Certificates concerning the same as aforesaid, should continue and

be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred twenty-three, and no

longer. And whereas by another act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, s Geo. j, C tj

intituled, An Act for prolonging the Times for hearing and determining Claims before the Trustees, in whom

the elates of the late south-sea Dire ft or s, and of John Aiflabic, Esquire, and likewise of James Crags Esquire, deceased, are vested', and for other Purposes therein mentioned; several of the Times in the former acts limited, have been enlarged to several further Times therein expressed: And whereas by another

act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further enlarging9Cco, i. C 13

the Times for entering, hearing and determining Claims on the estates vested in the Trustees of the south-sea "

Company, and for abligi?ig Persons to claim Stock by the Time therein mentioned, for Money Subscriptions, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, the Times in the last mentioned act limited, have been enlarged

to several further Times therein expressed, which Times by the last act limited, are now near expiring:

Now forasmuch as the Claims made pursuant to the first, and also to the last recited act, cannot be adjusted and determined within the Times already limited for the same; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"Time for the Directors of the south-sea Company to declare their Satisfaction of the Justice of "any Claims, further enlarged to 24 December 1726, and for the Justices and Barons to determine Differences therein, enlarged to 24 June 1727. and for the Justices and Barons to transmit their Certificates, to 29 September 1727. After 20 May 17z4, the Time for declaring an Acquiescence to any Resolution of the Directors, and for making Complaints for Claimants, to be within 30 Days after Per "Notice, or Notice in the Gazette, of such Resolution, Complaints not so made, void, and the "Justices, C discharged from proceeding thereon. If no Acquiescence be declared, the Party deemed "to have acquiesced. Wives of Persons whose Estates are vested in the Trustees, having Right of "Dower, the Trustees may compound with them for such Right, to be paid by the Cashier. Trustees "make suitable Allowances to such Wives having Right of Dower. Justices and Barons to settle "Differences. Purchasers to enjoy the Estates purchased, free from all Right of Dower. Not to give "any Right of Dower to Wives, who by Deed made before Marriage have accepted any Settlement in "Lieu thereof. Nor to give any Claim to any Estate purchased since dece>nber 1719. The Title of "Purchasers good, as well when the late Directors, (sc. shall not release their Right, as when they have.

"No Special Bail required in actions or Suits on Contracts for Stock or Subscriptions, till 1 March 1724,

"iac. Trustees, lae. may compound with William Aftell, for the Benefit of his Children, £tfc. Colonel "Thomas Sidney and his Wife may enter their Claims of any Debt due from Robert Knirbt, at any Time "before 24 June 1724." EXP,

Vol. V

sir

CTS f

498 C 15, 16. Anno decimo Georgii Regis, A.D. 1723.

Cap. XV

RAN Act for repairing the Road leading from D unchurch in the cour.ty of Warwick, to the Bottom of

Mcriden hill in the same County.

The Toll took Place from 25 July 1724. and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 13 Geo. 2. c. 22.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery.

4 & 3 W. & M. C 17.

9 & 10 W, 3. C 45.

I Ann. Star. I. C 16.

I Ann. C 21.' fest. 1.

See 5 Geo. 2. 28.

Geo. a. C 33. Sec farther 32 Geo. 1. c. 26.

/. 7. s Geo. 2. c. 28, 6 Geo. 2.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their ' late Majesty's King William and Queen Mary, for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, a ' Company was incorporated, exclusive of the rest of their then Majesties subjects, and by the said Act

is enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Company, and for all and every the Ships and Vessels

thereto, or employed by the said Company, truly belonging to England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the Masters should be Englishmen, and inhabiting within the Places

aforesaid, and for no other Ship or Vessel whatsoever, from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety three, until the first Day of October in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, employed for catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas, during such their Voyages, to be navigated with one Third of the Mariners English) at the least,

and yet to pay no farther or other Custom for the Oil, Blubber or Sins, caught and imported in such Ships or Vessels, than if such Ships or Vessels had been navigated with three Fourths of the Mariners Endish: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for taking away half the Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes, and for grant ing (in Lieu thereof) new Duties upon Whale sins and Scotch Linen, it is amongst other Things enacted,

4 That from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, there should be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Whale fins, that should be taken, caught and imported, in and by any Ships or Vessels whatsoever, of or belonging to the Company established for the Greenland Trade, the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight thereof,

and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for all Whale fins, which are or shall be taken,

caught or imported by Foreigners, or by any Ships or Vessels not belonging to the said Company, the Sum of sixpence for every Pound Weight thereof, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity':

And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of glorious Memory,

intituled, An Act for enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade, it is amongst other Things enated,

That from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two,

4 it should and might be lawful for any of her Majesty's subjects whatsoever, that would adventure to Greenland for fishing of Whales, to have and enjoy all the Privileges that were granted to the said Company by the aforesaid Act of Parliament, and should not pay any further or other Duty, than if they had been of the said Greenland Company; and that no Harpineer or other Foreigners, that were per mitted by the said Act for carrying on the said Fishery, should be imprested for her Majesty's Service.

And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made in the said first Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, the said Duty of threepence per Pound on Whale fins caught as aforesaid, is continued, and since made payable to her said Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in the same 4 AT prescribed and direted, subject to such Provisoes and Powers of Redemption, as are in and by the said Act contained and prescribed, of and concerning the same, as by the said several ats, Relation

being had to them respectively, more at large may appear: And whereas notwithstanding the great Pri. 4 vileges granted by the several ats of Parliament aforesaid, the fishing in the Greenland Seas hath been entirely neglete'd by his Majesty's subjects, and is like to continue so, as long as the Duty aforesaid is payable upon Whale fins taken and caught in the said Seas, by Ships belonging to his Majesty's subjects; and in regard that the permitting his Majesty's subjects to import Oil, ijlubber and Whale Sins, taken and caught in the said Seas, without paying any Duties for the same for a competent Time,

may very much contribute to the regaining the said Greenland Trade, and will encourage the Naviga tion, and promote the Consumption of the manufacturees of this Kingdom: 'Wherefore may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, CC

37. 13 Geo. 2. c. 28. /. 5. 22 Geo. 2. c. 45. 28 Geo. 2. c. 20.

After 2" December 1714. Britishi subjects may import Whale fins, Oil and Blubber, custom free, for seven Years. Master to swear that the Whale fins, C were caught in the Greenland Seas by the Crew of the Ship, and navigated according to Law. By 12 Geo. 1. c. 26, f. 7. The Benefit of this Act 44 is extended to Davis's Straights."

EXP.

499

A.D. 1723. Anno decink) Georgii Regis. C 1 7, 18.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing Acts for preventing These and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for better regulating of Pilots; and for regulating the Price and Affrze of Bread; and for better Encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful beneficial) are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King The za >; charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of '+car 2 England, Which by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the P, ein of tier late Majesty Queen Anne, "ny'd for, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Ratine upon the Northern Ann. sut, Borders of England, was continued, and is now near expiring, shall be, and is herelry further continued, C 10. and shall be in Force from the Expiration thereof for eleven Years. 24gc0.2. C 57.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of his Act 3 Geo. majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels jqt^"imots°sj"

from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway, together with a contfr.ucd fnr Clause for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, contained in an Act passed, in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Sub 7 Geo. 1. stat.i. jests from trading to the East indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto, and further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, which is near expired, shall be further continued from the Time of the Expiration thereof, for the Space of eleven f 2fc5 a' " Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section, of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act passed in the eighth Year of aftsann. c.is. the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, '°.refu'a'e 'h together with such Alterations, as were made in and by an Act passed in the first Year of his present Ma dntinued jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned relating to Coals, Hemp and seven years Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the Affrze of Bread', and for giving Power to adjourn the quarter sessions igeo, i, S; at.z. for the County of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned, which by an Act made in the fifth Year of C 6

his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act made in the eighth Tear of, the Reign of 5 ft, 1 J

the late Fpiieen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, and for continuing the Act of the twelfth Tear 22 e0'2, C of her said late Majesty's Reign, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain, was continued, and is now near expiring, shall be further continued from the Expiration thereof for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the twelfth Year 11 Anng

of her said late majesty's Reign, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Bri f0" encouraging tain, which by the said last recited Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was continued of Snil cloth, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, be further continued for continued, and shall remain in full Force for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of seven Years, C the then next Session of Parliament. 20geo. 2. C 45.

Farther sort tutted

CAP. XVIII Ly 33c«.2.

An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti e' I7'

tuled. An Act for ascertaining the Breadths, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in manu fasuring Serges, Pladdings and Fingrums, and for regulating the mamifasures of Stockings, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the same relates to Serges.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act <5 Geo. 1. c. 13. ' > y for ascertaining the Breadths, and preventing Frauds and Abuses in manufacturing Serges, Pladdings

and Fingrums, and for regulating the Manufactures of Stockings, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas notwithstanding the Provision made by the said Act, many Disputes have arisen thereupon, and many Frauds and Abuses have since been committed by Persons employed in working and making of Serges, and in selling and disposing of the same, to the great Prejudice of Trade and Commerce: 'For preventing whereof, and the better regulating the manufacturees of Serges for the future; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and After 24 June twenty-four, every Piece of Rock Serge made in Scotland, and white out of the Loom, shall be of the '"*+lh,: Breadth and Length herein after mentioned; that is to say, thirty-six Inches in Breadth at least within Lengths and the List or Selvage, and sixty three Yards in Length; and that every Half piece of such Serge sir all be 1 ne.ief of Rock proportionable in Length to a whole Piece as aforesaid; that all such Pieces and Half pieces of Serge Serge made in shall he taken up in Folds, or a soft Roll, and shall not be stretched by hard Rolling; and no white Scotland, afecr broomed or tarred Wool shall be wrought or mixed together, but that each Piece shall be wrought up lainei1, of one and the same Sort, without any other kind of Mixture whatsoever; and that the same shall be

500 C 18.

Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

Rock and Wheel

equally worked, and of the same Fineness from one End of the Piece to the other: And that every

Serge:

Strapping or narrow Sort.

The Magill rates of Head Boroughs to make a Stamp, and appoint ascamp m after.

Piece of Rock and Wheel Serge shall be made of equal Goodness and Strength, and shall be of the Breadths and Lengths following; that is to say, A Scotch Ell in Breadth at least, and forty-two Scotch Else in Length; and that every Piece of Serge, commonly called the Strapping or narrow Sort, shall be three Quarters of a Scotch Ell in Breadth, and/orty two Scotch Else in Length; and that every Half piece of each Sort of the last mentioned Serges shall be proportionable in Length to a whole Piece, and none of the Serges before.mentioned shall be made or wrought of unfeoured Yarn.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates of the Chief or Head Boroughs Royal of every Shire, County or Stewartry in Scotland respectively (who are hereby declared to be foie Judges within their respective Bounds and Jurisdictions, of all Pains and Penalties herein after mentioned) shall be and are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make or cause to be made, a Stamp or Stamps bearing the Arms of the respective Boroughs, and shall appoint one or more fit person or Persons to insped and stamp all such Serges as are before mentioned, as shall be brought to be stamped, of the Lengths, Breadths and Qualities as aforesaid, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed, shall before he or they shall be admitted into the Office of Stamp mafttr, be obliged, and he and they are hereby required, to take an Oath De Fideli, and shall likewise give such Security for his faithful and due Execution of the said Office, in such Manner, and in such a Penalty, as the said Magistrates shall direct and appoint.

III. Provided and be it enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, as shall be so appointed stamp ecme that Office Master or Stamp masters, shall without any lawful Excuse to be allowed by two or more Justices forfeits j I. of tjle peace of tf, e respective Counties, or the major Part of the Town Council of the respective

Boroughs, neglect or refuse to ad and execute the said Office; such Person and Persons shall respectively forfeit and pay such Fine or Fines for so neglecting or refusing to ad and execute the said Office, as the said Justices, or any two or more of them, or the Major Part of the Town Council of the respective Boroughs, shall see upon him or them, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds Sterling for every such Neglect or Refusal.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace shall, in a. s their respective Counties and Stewartries, or in Case they shall make Default, the Commissioners of appom a "m.p..' Supply shall be and are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, at their quarterly Sessions

to be held by the said Justices, or annual Meetings of the said Commissioners in Scotland to appoint a Stamp or Stamps to be made and kept for the Purposes aforesaid, at some proper Place where such Serges are sold, within the respective Counties, as the said Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners of Supply, shall think proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Stamp master so appointed as aforesaid shall for himself, or by any other Person or Persons, trade, traffic, buy, fell, dispose of, or stamp, any such Serges, which are not made of well sorted Yarn, equally wrought, and of equal fineness from one End of the Piece to the other, and of such Breadths, Lengths, and Qualities as aforesaid, he or they so neglecting or offending therein, shall forfeit and pay for every Piece of such Serge the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, and shall be made incapable of serving in such Office for the future; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, affix any Stamps, without the Authority aforesaid, or shall counterfeit the same, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, or suffer six Months Imprisonment if found insolvent.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Weavers, and such other Person or Persons, as shall work and make Serges for Sale as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to carry, or cause the same to be carried to the Stamp office, there to be inspected and sealed by the Stamp or Seal master, to whom they shall pay the Sum of one Shilling of Scotch Money for sealing or stamping of each Piece, and no more, and half part thereof for any half piece; and if any Person or Persons

Refusing to ex

Sterling.

The Justices in their Counties to

No Stamp Master to Traffic in Serges, or Stamp them, not of the proper Lengths, Breadths, and Qualities. Penalty.

Weavers to carry their Serges to the Stamp office to be sealed,

The Price of Sealing.

Penalties on Weavers working Serges not conformable to those Regulations.

Beans of Gilds foie Judges in their Boroughs. And they and the Proprietors of Fairs jointly Judges.

Serges not sealed whatsoever, shall sell and deliver, buy and receive, transport or export, or expose to sale, any such Serges, forfeited, and without having a Stamp so affixed thereto, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling j

aos. and the Goods so found without the Stamp so affixed, shall also be confiscated; one Moiety shall go

and be to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Stamp office, to be disposed of as the Magistrates shall direct and appoint.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Weaver or Weavers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, work, or cause to be made or wrought any of the Serges before mentioned, not conformable, or contrary to the Regulations and Restrictions aforesaid, and shall offer the same to be sealed, the Owners of such Serges so offered to be sealed, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, and the said Serges so offered to be sealed, shall be confiscated, and shall be disposed of in such Manner, and to such Uses, as the said Justices, or any two or more of them, or the said Magistrates shall order and direct; and such Weavers or Manufacturers, as shall make such Serges, or cause the same to be made, shall also pay the Value of such Serges so made, to the Owners thereof respectively, besides the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling directed to be paid as a Fine as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Deans of Gilds of the several h ad Boroughs of the respective Counties shall, and they are hereby appointed to be the foie Judges within the respective Boroughs; and the said Dean of Gild, with the Heretors or Proprietors of all and every public Fair or Market, or any having their Authority, are hereby declared jointly Judges of the Offences committed against this present Act; and in Default of the said Dean of Gild, or of the said Ma

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo, Georgii Regis. C r9. 501

fter of the Fair and Market, or their Deputies, that either of the said Judges shall! be foie Judges of such Offence committed in such Places, Villages, Fairs and Markets, where the said Serges shall be vended or exposed to Sale as uforefaij, to and for all and every the Intents and Purposes hereby specified and contained touching the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Weavers, and other Workers and Weavers not

Makers of such Serges as aforesaid, for Sale, who shall neglect to work or make tile said Serges according woikiue acer to the Regulations aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to bring the same to the Stamp office to be sealed,'c"

as is hereby directed, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, " 1

or by the Oath of the Person prosecuted, as the Judge or Judges' shall see cause, and so shall be con Scgntothe vifted of any of the Offences aforesaid, or, refuse or neglect to pay any Penalties and Forfeitures by Sump Office, him incurred, by Reason or Means of this present Act; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the r no ra 'V1' Judge or Judges respectively, before whom such Conviction shall be made (and such Judge or Judges

are hereby required) to issue out one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, sx ca, to the respective Officer or Officers, or to the Con liable of the Town or Place where such Offender pnfonmimt for doth inhabit, or can be found, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to levy the same by threemonths. Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Offender, and in case no such Distress can be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Judge or Judges to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, or Gaol of the County or Corporation, there to detain and keep such Offender or Offenders for and during such Time, as the Judge or Judges (before whom such Conviction shall be made) shall direct and appoint, not exceeding the Space of three Months for any one Offence.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, or other Person' Merchants ater whatsoever, in any County or Royal Borough within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall "I no7>ber before or at the Time of transporting any Serges, Pladding or Fingrums, whether to foreign Ports or n xhxlce Coastwise, cancel or alter the Number of Else marked upon each Piece, according to the settled Use forfcii 5l. for and Practice concerning the same; every such Offender, for each Piece of Serge, Pladding or Fingrum, c=chpiece, whereof the Mark shall be so cancelled or altered, shall forfeit the Sum of live Pounds Sterling,

one Moiety to the Informer, the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be recovered in the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act, or by the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, are to be recovered, or shall suffer three Months imprisonment for every such Offence, ifinfolvent.

XI. Provided always that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to make any Alteration in Fingrums made

the Lengths or Breadths of the Serges, commonly called Fingrum and fingrum wheeling Serges, manufactured in the Shires of Aberdeen, Bamf or Murray, but that the same shall remain as they are c'ex"

settled by former Laws and Acts of Parliament; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or inflicted Prosecution to te for any Offence against this Act, shall be sued for and prosecuted within sixty Days after the Offences 7f«^'oft°nceys shall be committed or discovered, and not afterwards; anything herein contained to the contrary not xmmittejx withstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for explaining the Law concerning the Trial and Admission of the Ordinary Lords of Session'

'"IT WHEREAS the Nomination and Appointment of the Lords of the Court of Session in Scotland,

'W is an inherent Prerogative of the Crown, and his Majesty is moil desirous that none should be "lords of Session, but Persons of knownprobity and understanding in the Laws, and such as are duly qua lifted according to the several Statutes for that Purpose madetherefore, for the attaining of these good Ends, and for the more plain and easy Execution of the Laws in this Behalf already made. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That When an oru when any ordinary Place shall be vacant in the said Court of Session, the King's Majesty, his Heirs and nary Place shall Successors, shall nominate and appoint thereto a Person qualified according to an Act made in Scotland in be vacant in the the sixth Parliament of King James the Sixth, entitled, Anent the Admission of the Ordinary Lords of the the^fcing bvo Session, and Reformation of certain Alufes therein; and according to another Act made in Scotland in the nominate a per twelfth Parliament of King James the Sixth, entitled, Anent the Jurisdiction, Presentation, Qualities son qualified. and Age of the Lords of Session; according to the Articles of Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and the Qualifications of such Person so nominated and appointed, may be examined, and The Qualifici shall be tried by the Ordinary Lords of the Court of Session only; and if the Person so nominated shall on tmnsto be such Examination be found duly qualified, according to the Act and Articles aforesaid, then they shall amined by, lie forthwith admit and receive him to such Ordinary Place; but if on such Examination the said Ordinary ^'|dinarj' Lords Lords of Session shall be of Opinion, that there is just Ground to abject to the Qualifications of the Per \

nominated as aforesaid, in every such Case the said Lords of Session are hereby required, with all (he qualffix 10 convenient Speed, to transmit and certify the whole Matter to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. in tionst they are order that the Royal Pleasufe may be finally had thereupon; and if his Majesty his Heirs and successors to transmit the

Matter to the King, If the King hgnify that the Person shall be received, the Lords shall admit him

shall

502

But if the King see Cause not to admit him, he is to nominate another.

When the four p efent Extraordinary Lords of Seflton shall become vacant, no Presentation shall be made by the K'ng to sup!y such Vacancy.

Reciting the Patent of H. 8. to the College of Physicians.

For fanner baiui concerning Drugs see farther 8

9 3- C 34-

3 Ann, C 4.

7 Ann, C S,

1 Geo. 1. c. 43.

8 Geo. 1. c. 15.

14 H. 8. C 5.

C 20. Anno decimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1723.

shall afterwards signify under the Sign Manual the Royal Will and Pleasure, that the Person so nominated shall be admitted and received into the Paid Place, in such Case the Lords of Session are hereby required forthwith to admit and receive him accordingly: But if his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, after such Examination as aforesaid, shall see Cause sufficient not to admit the Person so nominated, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, from time to time, to nominate.some other Person in Manner aforesaid, Rill subject to such Examination and final Determination concerning the same, as is herein before enacted and declared.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the Places of the four present Extraordinary Lords of Session, or the Place or Places of any one or more of them, at any Time or Ti ncs hereafter shall become vacant, no Presentation or Nomination of any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies: And if any such Presentation or Nomination shall at any Time hereafter happen to be made, the same is hereby declared to be null and void; anything to the contrary thereof contained in an Act made in the fifth Parliament of King James the Fifth, concerning the Authority of the Chancellor and Lords, or any other Law or stalute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for the better viewing, searching and examining of all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils,

'Competitions, used or to be used for Medicines in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London and Suburbs thereof, or within seven Miles Circuit of the said City.

I. IT WHEREAS King Henry the Eighth, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing

Date at Westminster the twenty-third Day of September in the tenth Year of his Reign, for the,

Common Wealth of this Realm, in due exercising and pradtiiing of the Faculty of Physic, and good

Ministration of Medicines to be had, did erect, sound and establish a College, Commonalty or Incor

poration of Physicians in the City of London, to be, remain and have Existence for ever; and by the same Letters Patent did further give and grant unto John Chamber, Thomas Linacre, Ferdinando de Vice

toria, Nicholas ha/feivel, John Francis and Robert Yaxley, then learned, discreet and profound Pradtifers

in the Faculty of Physic in the said City of London, that they and all of the said Faculty of Physic of

C and in the said City, should for ever thenceforth be in Name and Deed one Body, and perpetual Commonalty or College; and further by the same Letters Patent did give and grant unto the said College

C and Commonalty full Power, Ability and Authority for ever, annually to elect and make one of the.

said College or Commonalty to be President of the said College or Commonalty, for the taking Care and

governing thereof for that Year and that the same president, College or Commonalty should have perpetual Successton, and a Common Sea] for the Service of the said President and Commonalty for ever;

1 and by the same Letters Patent did also further give and grant unto the said President, College and Commonalty, and their successors, that they the said President, College or Commonalty, and their Successors, might lawfully, and without Danger, make among themselves lawful Assemblies, and Statutes,

and Ordinances, for the good Government, overseeing and correcting of the said College or Commonalty,

and of all Men exercising the same Faculty in the said City, or within seven Miles Circuit thereof, as

Necessity should require, when and as often as there should be Occasion; that none should exercise

the said Faculty in the said City, or within seven Miles Circuit thereof, unless licensed thereunto by the said President and Commonalty, or their successors for the'i'inie being, by the Letters of the same

President and College, sealed with their Common Seal, under the Penalty of one hundred Shillings for every Month in which he should exercise the said Faculty, without being so licensed, half thereof to

he applied to his said Majesty and his Heirs, and half to the said President and College; and by the same

Letters Patent did further grant, That four Persons should every Year be chosen by the said President and College for the Time being, and their successors for ever, who should have the supervising and

searching, corrccling and governing of all and every the Physicians of the said City using the Faculty of

Physic in the same City, and other Foreign Physicians whomsoever, in any Manner using and praftiiing

that Faculty of Physic within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, or within seven Miles Circuit of the same City, and the punishing of them for their Offences in not well executing, praistifing or using

that Faculty; and also the supervising and searching of all Manner of Medicines, and the Receipts

thereof, to be given, administered and applied by the said Physicians, or any of them, to the said king's

Subjects, for the curing and healing of their Infirmities, when and as often as there should be Occasion

the Benefit and Advantage of the said Subjects'; so that the Punishment of such Physicians, using the said Faculty of Physic, so offending in the premiltes, might be executed by Fines, Amerciaments, Imprisonments

of their Bodies, and by other fit and reasonable Ways: And whereas in the Parliament held at London the fifteenth Day of April in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry

the Eighth, and from thejicp adjourned to Westminster the last Day of July in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the same King, and there held, reciting, That forasmuch as the making the said Corporation

was meritorious, and yerv good for the Commonwealth of the Realm, it was enacted, That the said

Corporation of the said Commonalty and Fellowship of the Faculty of Physic aforesaid, and all and every Grant, Articles and other Things contained and specified in' the said Betters Patent, Should be

approved, granted, ratified and confirmed in the same Parliament, and clearly authorised and admitted

A.D. 1723. Anno decimo Georgi 1 Regis. C 20. 503

by the same good, lawful and available to the said Body Politic, and their Successors for ever, in as ample and large Manner as may be taken, thought and construed by the same: And whereas by one of Aa

other act of Parliament made in the thirty feeond Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the 32h j c-40, ' Eighth, entitled, For Physicians and their Privileges, It is amongst other Things enabled, ordained and established for the Common Wealth and Surety of the Subjects of this Realm, That the President for the Time being, Commons and Fellows of the said Corporation, and their Successors, might yearly, C at such Time as they shall think moll meet and convenient for the same, debt and choose four Persons of the said Commons and Fellows of the belt learned, wisest and most discreet, such as they should

convenient, and have Experience in the said Faculty of Physic; that the said four Persons so elebted and chosen, after a corporal Oath to them ministred by the said President or his Deputy, should and might by Virtue of that Act have full Authority and Power, as often as they should think meet and

convenient, to enter into the House or Houses of all and every Apothecary then or at any Time then after using the Mystery or Craft of Apothecary within the said City, only to learch, view and see such Apothecary Wares, Drugs and Stuff, as the Apothecaries or any of them had, or at any Time then after should have in their House or Houses, and all such Wares, Drugs and Stuffs as the Did four Persons should then find defeblive, corrupted and not meet nor convenient to be ministred in any Midieincs for the Health of man's Body, the same four Persons, calling to them the Wardens of the said Mystery of Apothecaries within the said City for the Time being, or one of them, should cause to be burnt or otherwise destroy the same, as they should think meet by their Discretion; if the said Apothecaries or any of them, at any Time then after should obstinately or willingly refuse or deny the said four Persons yearly elected and chosen as is aforesaid, to enter into their said House or Houses for the Causes,

Intent and purpose before rehearsed; they and every of them so offending, contrary to the said last recited Act, for every Time that he or they should so offend, to forfeit one hundred Shillings; the one Half to his Majesty, and the other Half to him that should sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of the King's Courts, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection

should be allowed: And whereas by one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, Recital entitled, An Ati touching the Corporation of the Physicians in London, It is amongst other Things enacted, 1 Ses Sl

for the better Execution of the Search and View of Poticary Wares, Drugs and Compositions, accorde' 9'

ing to the Tenor of the said Statute, made in the thirty feeond Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, That it should be lawful for the Wardens of the Grocers or one of them, to go 32 H C 4°' ' with the said Physicians in their View and Search, and that if the said Warden or Wardens should re

or delay his or their coming thereunto forthwith and immediately, when the said President, or four of his College elect as aforesaid, should call upon him or them, that then the said Physicians might and should execute that Search and View, and the due Punishment of the Potiearies for any of their evil and faulty Stuff, according to the Statute therein last before mentioned, without the Assistance of any

of the said Wardens; any Clause in the said therein aforenamed Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And every such Person or Persons as would or should refill such Search, should forfeit for every such Refiftanee ten Pounds, the same Penalty to be recovered in the Manner in the same Act mentioned: And it is thereby further enacted, That all Justices, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables and other Ministers and Officers within the City and Precincts above written, upon Request to them made, should help, aid and assist the President of the said College, and all Persons by them, from Time to Time, authorised for the due Execution of the said Acts or Statutes; upon Pain for not giving of such Aid, Help and Assistance, to run in Contempt of the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors,

as by the said several recited Statutes may appear.'

II. And whereas it has been found by Experience, That the said several recited Statutes, and the Powers thereby given to the said College of Physicians, and such four Persons chosen by them as aforesaid, have been very beneficial to the Subjects of this Realm; but nevertheless diverse other Apotheca

dwelling in the Suburbs of the said City, and in Places in the Country within seven Miles Circuit of the same City, and also diverse other Persons, as well as Apothecaries, inhabiting within the said City

of London, or seven Miles Circuit of the same City, do sell Drugs, Oils, Waters and Compositions used or to be used for Medicines, which ought to be viewed, searched and examined, as well as those prepared and sold by the Apothecaries, and the want of sufficient Powers for that Purpose may be very

detrimental to the Health of his Majesty's Subjects: 'For remedying whereof. Be it enacted, &c.

EXP.

"The Censors of the College, calling to their Assistance the Wardens of the Apothecaries, may in the "daytime enter into any Apothecaries, &c. Shop within seven Miles of London, to examine the Medicines, and may destroy all Drugs, &c. not meet to be used in Medicine. If the said Wardens refuse "go with the Censors, then they may execute their Power without them. If the Censors adjudge any Seefinlrrar "Medicines to be defective, and any Person appeal to the President and Fellows, the Censors are to ccrnfs Df"-\

"cause the Drugs, &c. and their Reasons for condemning them, to be put into a Box, and carried to "the College. An Assembly of the President and Fellows to be summoned within 14 Days, who are to AH

LI examine the Drugs, &c. and finally determine. If the Censors judgement be confirmed, the Drugs, s'35.

"(Ac. to be burnt before the owner's Door. If the Assembly do not confirm the Censors Judgement, the "Drugs to be returned to the Place where they were found. Refilling Search forfeits 10]. General "Issue. Not to extend to Medicines made by Virtue of any Letters Patent. Persons censured by the "Censors, may appeal to the President and Fellows, whose judgement shall be final. Continuation for "-3 Years, (Ac

Anno

Cn

04 C 1 — 3; A.D. 1724 Anno Regni GEORGg11 Regis Magnse Britannia?, Franciae & Hibernia?, undecimo.'

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the ninth Day of October, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord 4 GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twelfth Day of November one thousand

hundred and twenty-four; being the third Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five. EXP. 2 s. in the Pound.

For the Application of the Surplus arising from this Act, see 11 Geo. 1. c. 8. fest. 16.

5 Ss 6 Ed, 6. C 16,

CAP. II.

An Act for indemnifying the Matters in Chancery, upon their discovering what Confederation, 1 Price or Gratuity they paid or agreed to pay for the Purchase of, or for their Admission to their respective Offices.

WHEREAS there is good Ground and Reason to believe, that great Sums of Money have of late Years been paid for the Purchase of the Offices of the Matters of the Court of Chancery; and whereas it may be difficult to obtain proper Evidence of the Buying and Selling of the said Offices, by reason of the Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, against the buying and selling of Offices, whereby the Sale of any of the Offices therein mentioned is made and enacted to be a Forfeiture of such Office, and the Buyer thereof is disabled to have, occupy or enjoy the same: To the End therefore that it may be discovered, whether any, and which of the present Matters of the Court of Chancery hath or have obtained his or their said Office or Offices by Purchase, See, Money or other Gratuity, and of whom, and for what Sum or Sums of Money respectively; Be it enacted,

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act to enable the Pier wardens of the Town of Margat, in the County of Kent, more effectually to recover the ancient and accustomary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier.

WHEREAS the ancient Town of Margat, in the County of Kent, hath Time out of Mind had a Pier and Harbour, very commodious and of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in the Preservation of Ships and Mariners in Storms and Stress of Weather, and from Enemies in Times of War, and also very convenient for the exporting and impor ting many Sorts of Commodities: And whereas (the Safety of the said Town of Margat and of all the neighbouring Country depending upon the Preservation of the said Pier and Harbour) there hath, for and towards the Maintenance and Perfervation thereof, been Time immemorial paid to the Pier wardens, or their Deputies for the Time being, certain Droits, commonly called Poundage and Lastage, and other Rates or Duties (which have been confirmed by the Orders and Decrees of the Lords Wardens of the Cinque Ports) and without the due Payment thereof the said Pier and Harbour mutt in evitably fall to Decay, to the utter Ruin of the Inhabitants of the said Town and of all the neighbour ing Country, and to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom. And whereas it is necessary to make more effectual Provision, as well for Recovery of the said Droits and Rates or Duties aforesaid, and for enforcing due Payment thereof, in case of Refusal or nonpayment, as also for better securing the said Pier and harbourmay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted, &c.

PR.

The ancient Droits for Maintenance of Margat Pier continued. Pier wardens to choose Collectors. 44 Pier wardens yearly to audit Collectors Accounts. Warden of the Cinque Ports, &c. may be present at the Audit. Pier wardens, &c. guilty of f.mbezilment, may be complained of in the admiralty of the Cinque Ports. The Judge of that Court may examine the Matter of the Complaint, and award treble the Sum embezilled, &c. Pier wardens, &c. may enter into any Veiled to demand the Duty. Pier wardens may summon Matters of Ships to be examined. Penalty on Matters not appearing, &c. 10]. The Money collected to be laid out for Support of Margat Pier. Pier warden: 44 to prevent Annoyances in the Harbour."

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 4. 505

CAP. IV.

An Act for preventing the Inconveniences arising for want of Elections of Mayors or other Chief Magistrates of Boroughs or Corporations being made upon the Days appointed by Charter or Usage for that Purpose, and directing in what Manner such Elections shall be afterwards made.

WHEREAS in many Cities, Boroughs and Towns Corporate within that Part of Great Bri For

\\ tain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, the Election of the Mayor, Bailiff or Bai (tncerumgc

liffs, or other Chief Officer or Officers, is by Charter or ancient Usage confined to a particular Day or r, fcrto

Time, without any Provision how to act or proceed, in case no Election be then made; and it fre 19 // s f 7"

questly happens, that by such Charter or Usage particular Acts are required to be done at certain Times, 7, j.

in order to and for the completing of such Elections, and by the Contrivance or Default of the Person or C 18.

Persons who ought to hold the Court, or preside in the Assembly where such Elections are to be made, <3 Car.

or such Acts to be done, or by Accident, it hath sometimes happened, and may frequently do fois not 2-'; '

timely prevented, That no Courts or Assemblies have been held, or Elections made, or such Acts done 5 Gn'c' 6<

within the Time fixed for that Purpose; in which Cases, if Elections of such Officers could not after

wards be made or completed, or in consequence of such Omission the Corporation should be dissolved,

great Mischiefs might ensue For Remedy and Prevention whereof. Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if in any City, Bo where ek a; 0, rough or Town Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called England', Wales and Berwick upon for Majors or Tweed, no Election shall be made of the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers of other chief offi such City, Borough or Town Corporate, upon the Day or within the Time appointed by Charter cr cer'fl, all not to Usage for such Election, or such Election being made, shall afterwards become void, whether such Omif pointed b^lion or Avoidance shall happen through the Default of the Officer or Officers who ought to hold the Court charter orufage, or preside where such Election is to be made, or by any Accident or other Means whatsoever, the Corporation shall not thereby be deemed or taken to bediffolved or disabled from electing such Officer or Officers

for the future: But in any Case where no Election shall be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be abled from elect lawful for the Members or Persons of such City, Borough or Corporation, who have Right to vote, or ing: be present at, or to do any other Act necessary to be done, in order to or for the completing of such Elec Eut mkt tion, and they, or such of them as shall not be hindered by any reasonable Impediment or Excuse, are together at the hereby required respectively to meet or assemble together in the Townhall or other usual Place of Meet Townhall, C ing for making such Election, within such City, Borough or Town Corporate, upon the Day next after on the Day after, the Expiration of the Time within which such Election ought to have been made, unless such Day shall happen to be Sunday, and then upon the Monday following, between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and two in the Afternoon of the same Day; and that the Members or Persons having Right to vote at, or an(j procee<! t9 to do any other Act necessary to be done in order to such Election, or such of them as shall be so aflem eiefeon. bled or met together, shall forthwith proceed to the Election of a Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Officers for such City, Borough or Corporation, and to do every Act necessary to be done in order to or for the completing of such Election, in such Manner as was usual in, or in order to the Election of such Officer or Officers, upon the Day or within the Time appointed by Charter or Usage for such Election; in case upon such Day of Meeting hereby appointed for such Election, the Mayor,

Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other proper Officer or Officers, who ought to have held the Court, or presided at the Assembly for such Election, or doing any other Act necessary to be done in order to such Election, if the same had been made or done on the Day fixed, or within the Time limited by Charter or Usage for that Purpose, shall be absent, then such other Person having a Right to vote, being the nearest then pre Mayor, i C absent in Place or Office to the Person or Persons so absenting himself or themselves, shall hold the Court tenting, the or preside in the Meeting or Assembly hereby appointed, and shall have the same Power and Authority in neartfl in f'1 cs all Respects therein, as belongs to the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Officers of the ttlluidt same City, Borough or Town Corporate, at any Court or Assembly for the Election of Officers for fuel) UI '

Place, or for doing any other Act necessary to be done in order to such Election.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen that in any if no Election be City, Borough or Town Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick made, or the upon Tweed, no Election shall be made of the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Offi elect'°n teccme cers of such City, Borough or Town Corporate, upon the Day or within the Time appointed by Char bc'^hm^awatd ter or Usage for that Purpose, and that no Election of such Officer or Officers shall be made, pursuant to a Mandamus' for the Directions herein before prescribed, or such Election being made, shall afterwards become void as electing, aforesaid, in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, upon Motion to be made in the said Court, to award a Writ or Writs of Mandamus, requiring the Members or Persons of such City, Borough or Town Corporate, having a Right to vote at, or to do any other Act necessary to be done in order to such Election respectively, to assemble themselves upon a Day and at a Time to be prefixed in such Writ or Writs, and to proceed to the Election of a Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Chief Officer or Officers, as the case shall require, and to do every Act necessary to be done in order to such Election, or to signify to the said Court good Cause to the contrary, and thereupon to cause such Proceedings to be had and made, as in any other Cases of Writs of Mandamus granted by the

506 C 4. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

said Court for Election of Officers of Corporations, and of the Day and Time appointed in and by any sc Days public such \vrjt Qr Writs of Mandamus for holding such Assembly, public Notice in Writing shall, by such venof th Eke eer^on as befall Court shall appoint, be affixed in the Marketplace, or some other public Place within tion.°* such City, Borough ot Town Corporate, by the Space of six Days before the Day so appointed, and such Officer or other Person respectively shall preside in such Assembly, as ought to have presided at the Election of such Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers, or at the doing any other Act necessary to be done in order to such Election, in case the same had been made or done upon the Day herein before prescribed for that Purpose.

Where Mayors, <

III. And whereas in certain Boroughs and Towns Corporate within that Part of Great Britain'cr.lied minatcdortworn England, I Bales and Berwick upon Tweed, the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or oifi at a Court leet, ' cers, is or are to be nominated, elected or sworn at a Court leet or View of Frankpledge, or some and inde other Court, and by reason of the Contrivance or Default of the Lord or his Steward, or such other

fault of the Lord Officer by or before whom such Court ought to be held, in not holding the same, or by some Acci

r Steward no t dent, it hath happened and may hereafter happen, that no due Nomination, Election or Swearing of ourt*' such Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers, hath been or shall be had or made:

king's Bench ge jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to Mandamus for anc fr is majesty's Court of King's Bench, upon Motion to be made in the said Court, to award a holding the Writ of Mandamus, requiring the Lord or his Steward or other Officer, by or before whom such Court

Court leet. ought to be held, to hold or cause to be held such Court leet or other Court, and to do every other

Act necessary to be done by him in order to such Nomination, Election or Swearing, at such Day and Time as shall be for that Purpose judged proper by the said Court of King's Bench, and shall be appointed in such Writ, or to signify to the said Court good Cause to the contrary, and thereupon to cause such Proceedings to be had and made, as in other Cases of Writs of Adandamus granted by the Lid Court, for holding of any Court, and of the Day and Time appointed in and by any such Writ of Mandamus for holding such Court, public Notice in Writing shall, by such Personas the said Court of King's

Bench sir all appoint, be affixed in the Marketplace, or some other public Place within such Borough,

or Town Corporate, by the Space of six Days before the Day so appointed: And where a Nomination of Persons in order to the Election of any such Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers, is to be made at such Court leet or other Court, in every such Case, after such Nomination made, all and every other Act and Acts necessary to be done in order to such Election, shall be had, made and done at such Assembly, and in such Manner and Form, as the same ought to have been hadj made and done, in case such Election had been made upon the Day next after the Expiration of the Time prescribed for such Election by the Charter or Usage of such Borough or Corporation, according to the di redtions herein before mentioned.

Mayors, C so V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or

ei?ae, !> n h other chief Officer or Officers, who shall be elected pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall take

before the pre' Oath or Oaths by Law required at the Time of his Admission into such Office, before such Officer siding Officer, as shall preside at such Election, in Pursuance of this Act, who is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath or Oaths; and shall have the same Privileges, Precedence, Powers and Authorities in all Respects, as any Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers of the same City, Borough or Corporation, elected on the Days or Times fixed by Charter or Usage for that Purpose ought to have or enjoy.

valid ^xsnuk as V always. That no such Election, nor any Act done in order thereunto, shall be valid, un

great a Number less as great a Number of Persons, having Right to be present at and vote therein, shall be present at be present and the Assembly held for such Purpose, and concur therein, as would respectively have been necessary to concur, as re be present, and concur in such Election or Act, in case the same had been made or done upon the Day quired by char or within the Time appointed for that Purpose by the Charter or Usage of such City, Borough or corpo ter ration, saving only, that the Presence of the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other, chief Officer or Officers who ought to preside, shall not be necessary.

Mayors absent VI j\p.j pe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or C than fusse'r other chief Officer or Officers of any City, Borough or Town Corporate shall voluntarily absent him imprisonmctit Llf or themselvvs from, or knowingly and designedly prevent or hinder the Election of any other Mayor, for six Months, Bailiff or other chief Officer in the same City, Borough or Town Corporate, upon the Day or within the Time appointed by Charter or ancient Usage for such Election, the Person or Persons so offending, being

thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and shall be for ever disabled to take, hold or exercise any Office belonging to the same City, Borough or Corporation.

No Corporation

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corporation shall be deemed or or dlf* adjudged to be dissolved or disabled from electing a'mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or omission^ready f)fficers, by reason of any Omission or Default, which hath already happened in not nominating, elect happened.? ing or swearing a Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers of such Corporation,

'upon the Day or within the Time limited for such Nomination, Election or Swearing, by the Charter ( r Usage of such Corporation, or by reason of the Absence of the Mayor, Bailiff or bauiffs, or other chief Officer or Officers who ought to have presided at the Assembly for such Nomination, Election or Swearing, or }iy reason of such Election having become void as aforesaid, but every such Corporation shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be and to have been subsisting and capable of electing such Officer or ..Officers, to all Intents and Purposes; any such Omission, Absence, Default or Avoidance, or any De f.ct, Disability or Forfeiture arising therefrom, in any wise notwithstanding.

3

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis.

0 O

C 5 — 7* 5°7

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate or make void any Charter heretofore granted to and accepted by any City, Borough or Town Corporate, or any Corporation within the same, or any of them, or any Elections or Acts had, made or done in Pursuance of any such Charter; nor to make good the Election of any Officer or Member, or of any Person claiming to be an Officer or Member of any City, Borough or Corporation, against whom any Judgement of Oujler shall have been entered or given upon any Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, or whose Election shall have been avoided upon any Writ of Mandamus, on or before the last Day of Michaelmas Term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Writ of Mandamus shall issue out of the Court of King's Bench in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whom such Writ shall be directed, shall make his or their Return to the first Writ of Mandamus.

This Act not ! make void any Charter, nor to make good any election, where Judgement of Ouster haa been awaited since last Day of Mich. Term 1724. Return to be made to the first Writ of Mandamus.

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of her late majesty's Reign, Ge. c. 37 for amending and maintaining the Road between Northfleet, Gravesend and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and for explaining the same Act, and for appropriating Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blear, in the Paid County of Kent.

PR.

By this Act the private Act of 10 Ann. C 3+. is continued from 6 June 1723, for ij Years. [Continued by 11 Geo. 2. c. 37.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for rating such unrated Goods and Merchandizes as are usually imported into this Kingdom, and pay a Duty ad Valorem upon the Oath of the Importer, and for ascertaining the Value of all Goods and Merchandizes not inserted in the former or present Book of Rates; and for repealing certain Duties upon Drugs and Rags; and for continuing the Duty upon Apples; and for ascertaining the Method of admeasuring of Pictures imported.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

I. IT WHEREAS by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of 12 Car. 2. C 4. King Charles the Second, a Subsidy called Poundage was laid upon all Manner of Goods 13'© "14car.z. and Merchandizes of every Merchant, natural born Subject, Denizen and Alien, to be brought into £ 2i ct e, this Realm, or any the Dominions to the same belonging, by way of Merchandise, of the Value of 25 4 every twenty Shillings of the same Goods "and Merchandizes, according to the several and particular Rates and Values 01 the same Goods and Merchandizes, as the same are particularly and respectively rated and valued in the Book of Rates therein mentioned and referred unto (subscribed with the Hand of Sir Harbottle Gritnjione, Baronet, then Speaker of the House of Commons) twelve Pence, and so after that Rate; in which Book of Rates it is provided, That if there should happen to be brought into this Realm any Goods liable to the Payment of Custom and Subsidy, which either were omitted in the said Book, or were not then used to be brought in, or by reason of the great Diversity of the Value of some Goods could not be rated; That in such Case every Customer or Collector for the Time be ing should levy the said Custom and Subsidy of Poundage according to the Value and Price of such Goods, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Merchant in the Presence of the Customer, Collector,

Comptroller and Surveyor, or any two of them: And whereas a further Subsidy of Poundage, of twelve Pence in the Pound, was granted to his Majesty King William the Third (of glorious Memory) for9W. 3. C 23.

his Life, by an Act made in the ninth Year of his Reign, upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported 4 (except such as are therein excepted) which further Subsidy was again granted to her late Majesty Queen Anne for her Life, by an Act made in the first Year of her Reign; and the Laid further Subsidy 1 Ann Stat

was again granted to his present Majesty for his Life (which God long preserve) by an Act made in the C 7first Year of his Majesty's Reign, with the like Provision with respect to any Goods imported that iceo. 1. Stat. 2.

were not rated in the said Book of Rates, as was made touching the like Goods liable to the first men C, tioned Subsidy of twelve Pence in the Pound, granted by the said Act made in the twelfth Year of King j2car. 2. C 4.

Charles the Second: And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of her said late Majesty another z Ann. C 9.

Subsidy of Poundage was granted upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported (except as therein is ex eepted) commonly called the one third Subsidy; and by an Act passed in the third Year of her said late 3 Anne S

Majesty another Subsidy of Poundage was granted upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported (except as therein is excepted) commonly called the two thirds Subsidy; which laid several Subsidies of one third and two thirds are, by the respective Acts which granted and continued the same, to be paid in Proportion to the said further Subsidy granted by the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of King9W. 3- C 23<

William the Third, and since continued during his present Majesty's Life as aforesaid: whereas by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen 2 w. am.

Mart, an Imposition (commonly called the old Impost) was laid on several Goods aijd Merchandizes ac 4*

T t t 2 ' therein

508 C 7.

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

4 W. Sc M. C 5,

7 W. C 20.

la Car. 2. C 4. 3 Ann. C 9,

Provisions for rating Goods ad Valorem repealed after 25 March 2725.

In lieu thereof, the old Subsidy to be paid according to the additional Book of Rates signed by Spencer Compton, Esq; Speaker.

22 Car. 2. C 4.

Goods liable to the further Subsidy, C to pay according to the Values in the said Book, of Rates.

20 Ann. C 19.

therein mentioned, and it is provided, That where any Duties upon Goods and Merchandizes therein granted are to be levied according to the Value of the same, where such Goods or Merchandizes are particularly rated in the said Book of Rates, the Value shall be understood and taken according to such Rate, and where they are not particularly rated, the Value shall be taken by and according to the Oath of the Importer, and not otherwise (the Duties imposed by the said Act not to be reckoned into the Value of the same :,) And whereas by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties, an additional Impost was laid upon several Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned according as the same flood rated in the said Book of Rates, and also upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported not particularly rated in the said Book of Rates, paying Duty at Value, five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Value thereof, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer according to the Di ' re£lion of the said Book of Rates except Mum, and such Goods and Merchandizes as were particu

larly charged by the said Act of the fourth Year of their said late Majesties, or by the said Act of the second Year of their said late Majesties Reign :,) And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, an additional Duty of twenty-five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem was laid upon all Goods of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of France imported (other than those particularly rated) to be raised, levied, collected and paid by such Rules, Means and Ways as are mentioned in the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second; And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, a further Duty was granted after the Rate of four Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Value, for and upon all unrated Drugs (dying Drugs excepted) 4 that should be imported from any Parts or Places (other than the East indies, Persia, China, and other Parts within the Limits of the Charters granted to the East India Company) and that the Values of such unrated Drugs should be affirmed by the Oaths of the Importers of such Drugs respectively; ' which Acts, which granted the said several Subsidies, commonly called the old Subsidy, the one third Subsidy and two thirds Subsidy (except the said further Subsidy, which is granted to his Majesty during his Life) as also the said Impositions, additional Duty on French Goods, and the further Duty upon

unrated Drugs, are by several subsequent Acts of Parliament continued for ever, subject to Redemp

tion by Parliament: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the Values of the several Sorts of Goods usually imported, and not rated in the said Book of Rates, which are sworn to or affirmed by the Importers, according to which the said Subsidies and other Duties are to be paid, have been very unequal, some Persons greatly undervaluing the same, to the Detriment of the Revenue and Discou ragement of the fair Traders Now (for remedying the Abuses aforesaid, and for putting Trade on a more equal Foot) We your faithful Commons in Parliament assembled do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Provisions and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts and Book of Rates before mentioned, for ascertaining the Value of Goods or Merchandizes imported according to the Oaths or Affirmations of the Importers, so far as the same relate to the particular Goods and Merchandizes mentioned and expressed in a certain Book of Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto, shall, from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said former Rates and Duties ad Valorem, repealed by this Act, there shall, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be payable and paid for the said old Subsidy the several Rates and Duties mentioned and expressed in one Book of Rates, entitled, An additional Book of Fmtes of Goods and Merchandizes usually imported and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates referred to in the AC of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, with' Rules, Orders and Regulations, signed by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, the said Rates and Duties to be paid upon Importation of the said Goods and Merchandizes respectively into any Port or Place within this Kingdom, and foin Proportion for any greater or lester Quantity; which said last mentioned Book of Rates, composed and agreed on by your majesty's said Commons, and every Article, Rule and Clause therein contained, shall be and remain, during the Continuance of the said first recited Act of Tonnage and Poundage, of full Force, and shall be put in Execution as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly inferied in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the said Goods or Merchandizes mentioned in the said Book of Rates are by Law subject or liable to the Payment of tyre said further Subsidy, the one third Subsidy, the two thirds Subsidy, the old Impost, the additional Impost, the additional Duty on French Goods, and the further Duty on unrated Drugs, or any of them, according to the respective Values set thereon for the said old Subsidy, or in Proportion thereto, the same shall, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be.paid proportionably according to the particular Value set thereon in the said Book of Rates last mentioned for the old Subsidy aforesaid, and not according to the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer; anything in the respective Acts which granted the said Duties, or in any other Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne (for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) a new Duty, after the Rate of twenty Pounds for

every

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgi 1 Regis. C 7. 509

every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, was laid upon all Paper, White or Brown, or of any other Colour or Kind whatsoever, which Should be imported or brought into this Kingdom (not 11 beingparticularly charged in that Act: ); and by another Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of 12 arm st her said late Majesty, a further new Duty, after the Rate of ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds C9i ' of the true and real Value, was laid on the like Sorts of unrated Paper imported, the said Values of such Paper in the two Acts last mentioned to be taken to be so much as such imported Kinds are really worth to be sold at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement for the Duties charged by the said i ' Acts, or any former Acts; the said new Duties, so payable ad Valorem, to be received and levied upon the Oath or Affirmation of the Merchant or Importer; which said Acts are by subsequent Acts conti nued for ever, subject to Redemption by parliament be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty 10

five the said several Acts of Parliament made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late An"; fp lne to

Majesty, so far as they relate to the levying the said respective new Duties of twenty Pounds per Centum, 4ftr'

and ten Pounds per Centum, on all Paper, White or Brown, or of any other Colour, imported, not particularly charged in the said Acts, according to such Valuations thereof upon the Oath or Affirmation and r"ch Pjrer of the Merchant or Importer, hall he and are hereby repealed, and instead thereof the said new Duties of twenty Pounds per Centum and ten Pounds per Centum, so payable ad Valorem, shall be answered, le

vied and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Subsidifis and other Duties on of Rates, unrated Paper, for and towards the Fund granted by the said Acts of the tenth and twelfth Years of her said late Majesty, and during the Continuance thereof, according to the respective Rates and Values for and upon the several Kinds and Sorts of unrated Paper mentioned and express ed in a certain Book of Rates before mentioned, signed by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, and foin Proportion for any greater or leiler Quantity, as fully and effectually as if the said Rates and Values, and the Clauses and Rules relating thereunto, were inserted in the Body of this present Act; anything in the said Acts of the tenth and twelfth Years of her said late Majesty, or in any other Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And for the more equal Payment of the said several Duties upon unrated Paper imported or brought New Sorts of into this Kingdom from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and paper imported, twenty-five; Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any new Fabrick or Sorts or Values' of Kinds of Paper shall be imported, which are not particularly valued or rated in the said respective Books t5j0fe neirta

of Rates, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament, such Paper or Papers hall pay the several and respective above in S; ze Duties that are charged thereon according to the Values and Rates of those Sorts or Kinds of Papers, and Goodness. which are nearest above in Size and Goodness to the several Sorts or Kinds of Papers valued or rated in the said respective Books of Rates, or by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, without any di flinctions of Country or Place from whence the same shall be imported; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions, How the several Duties, new Duties, and further new Duties upon the said several Sorts of unrated Goods, shall be paid Subsidies on un or secured, and hall he raised, levied and collected in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and ratfd god! are Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances and Drawbacks to bear

as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Parliament which granted or continued the same respectively; all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained (except in such Cases where any Alteration is by this Act made) hall continue in full Force and Effect during the Continuance of the said respective Subsidies, Impositions and other Duties, and new Duties, and shall be applied, practised and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering, paying and appropriating the said respective Subsidies, Impositions and other Duties according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses,

Matters and Things (except as aforesaid) had been again repeated in the Body of this present Act; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas it may happen that several Goods and Merchandizes may be imported, which are How Goods not omitted to be rated in either of the said Books of Rates; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, rated in the That in such Case the Value and Price of such Goods and Merchandizes shall be ascertained by the "|7" at! Oath or Affirmation of the Merchant, in the Presence of the Customer, Collector, Comptroller and Sur, ° p y' veyor, or any two of them, and the old Subsidy, and other Duties which are payable in Proportion to the said old Subsidy, are to be paid according to such Value and Price.

VIII. And the better to prevent Frauds to the Revenue, and that all Merchants may be upon a more Proper Officer equal Foot in Trade, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the may examine Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officers of the Customs, to open, view and examine such valorem^anf Goods and Merchandizes paying Duty ad Valorem, and compare the same with the Value and Price, 0t vtbe/to the thereof so sworn to or affirmed; and if upon such View and Examination it hall appear, that such Goods true Price,

or Merchandizes are not valued by such Oath or Affirmation according to the true Value and Price thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, that then and in such Case the Importer or Proprietor hall, on Demand made in Writing by the Customer or Col ir°e°of the

lector, and Comptroller of the Port where such Goods or Merchandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be clown, and pay delivered all such Goods and Merchandizes into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Importation, to the importer for the Use and Benefit of the Crown; and upon such Delivery the Customer or Collector of such Port, the Value iviorn with the Privity of the Comptroller, shall, out of any Money in his Hands, arising by Customs or other Duties belonging to the Crown, pay to such Importer or Proprietor the Value of such Goods and Mer, Cent!

*. r chandizes ever.

so Afcnc, C 26. fcft. 32,

The additional Doty so Ann. on Drugs to cease after 25 March 5725.

No Duty on old Rags imported.

Additional Duty on Apples,

8 Geo. 1. c. 20. imported, continued for 7 Years. revived to Geo. 2. C 27.*

Claofe for ascertaining the Method of admeasuring Pictures imported.

8 Geo. j. C 20.

C 7. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

chandizet so sworn to or affirmed for the Paid old Subsidy as aforesaid, together with an Addition of the Customs and other Duties paid for such Goods, and of ten Pounds per Centum over and above the Value thereof, taking a Receipt for the same from such Importer or Proprietor, in full Satisfaction for the said Goods, as if they had been regularly sold; and the respective Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the said Goods to be fairly and publicly sold for the best Advantage; and out of the Produce thereof the Money so paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such Collector, to be replaced to such Funds from whence he borrowed the same, and the Overplus (if any) shall he paid into his Majesty's Exchequer towards the sinking Fund; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne (for laing additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee, Tea and Drugs, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) a Duty was granted after the Rate of twenty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Kinds of Drugs imported (dying Drugs imported from foreign Parts and Turpentine imported from the British Plantations excepted) ' over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties imposed upon or payable for the same: And whereas it has been found by Experience, That the laying the said additional Duty of twenty Pounds per Centum on the said Drugs has not answered the Intention thereof, the said Duty being so excessive high, that the fair Merchant cannot import the said Drugs, which gives Opportunity to run the same clandestinely, to the Prejudice of the Revenue; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty of twenty Pounds per Centum upon Drugs, payable by Virtue of the said lait mentioned Add, shall, from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, cease, determine and be no longer payable; anything in the said at or in any other Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And for the Encouragement of the making of Paper in this Kingdom, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, it shall and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom any old Rags, old Ropes or Junks, or old Fishing nets, fit only for the making of Paper or Pastboard, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, Imposition or other Duty for the same, so as a due Entry be first made thereof in the cu ftom house belonging to the Port into which the same shall be imported, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the said Goods, as was used and practised before the making of this Act, and so as the lame be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers appointed for that Purpose; on Failure of such Conditions such Goods shall be liable to Forfeiture, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, and the Value thereof divided, as if this Act had never been made; any Law, Statute, Usage or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's ' Reign (for paying off and cancelling one million of Exchequer bills, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) an additional Duty of two Shillings for every Bushel was laid upon all Apples imported after the Feast day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, to continue during the Term of three Years, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament next following the said Term of three Years; which Term being near expired, and it being found northeast cessary to continue the same for a further Term of Years; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty of two Shillings for every Bushel of Apples imported shall be further continued from and after the Expiration of the Term and Time aforesaid, for and during the Term of seven Years; and the said Act so made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained (for or concerning the said additional Duty on Apples imported) shall continue and be in Force, and be applied, practised and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, answering and paying the said additional Duty upon Apples imported, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act, so far as the same relates to the additional Duty on Apples imported, had been again repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act; anything in the said at or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, C it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after die Feast day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, there shall be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all Pictures which shall be imported into Great Britain, the 6 certain Duties following, according to the respective Ditncnfions of such Pictures; is to say, For every picsture of four Feet square or upwards, or of any Ditncnfions, which being reduced will produce 4 a Square of four Feet or upwards, the Sum of three Pounds; for every Picture of two Feet square, and under four Feet square, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for every Picture under two Feet square, the Sum of twenty Shillings: And whereas some Doubts have arisen as to the reducing Pictures to the said several Squares of four Feet and two Feet; 'For obviating and preventing such Doubts for the future. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Pictures, which from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five shall be imported into Great Britain, shall be measured and reduced to superficial Measure, that is to say, every Picture, which being reduced will produce a Square of four Feet or upwards, shall be a Picture that mall contain sixteen super facial Feet or upwards, and shall pay the said Sum of three Pounds; every Picture of two Feet square, and under four Feet square, hall, when reduced, produce four superficial Feet or upwards, and under sixteen superficial Feet, and shall pay the said Sum of forty Shillings; and every Picture under two Feet square shall be a Picture which, when reduced, shall produce less than four superficial Feet, and shall pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; anything in the said Act of the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any Other Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C. 7. 511

An Additional Book of Rates of Goods and Merchandizes usually imported and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates referred to in the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: With Rules, Orders and Regulations, fgned by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons.

A.

Rates for the old Subsidy, in (lead of the Oath of the Importer.

/. /. CL

ARCHELIA, or Spcmish Weed for.

Dyers Use) the C wt. containing f — 18 4

11 a lb. -- - i

Allies called Weed Allies, the wt [0

containing 112 lb. 5

B.

Babies Jointed the Dozen -- - 2

Bags called Runnet Bags, the Dozen — Balls for Children, the ftnall Groce, cont

taining 12 Dozen -- 5

Bark of Qak, the C wt. containing 112 lb. — rof Jet, the Pound -

Beads -< of Horn, the small Groce, con )___

taining 12 Dozen S

Beer, called Spruce Beer, the Barrel, ? 2

containing 42 Gallons -- - 5

Binding for Brooms, the C wt. contain?

112 lb. __ _ S

Birds, vccat.

Singing Birds, the Dozen — Birds of all other Sorts,

Boxes, vocat.

not rated in the Book r — of Rates, the Dozen Bladders, the Dozen Botargo, the Pound Bowls, or Buckets of Wood, the Dozen — ' Money Boxes of Wood, the small Groce, con r — taining 12 Dozen J Pill Boxes, or Boxes entered as such, of Wood, I the small Groce, coni taining twelve Dozen f Nells, each Ned coni taining four Boxes J "Snuff Boxes of Wood, ? _ plain, the Dozen Snuff Boxes of Horn, plain, the Dozen Snuff Coxes of Ivory? or tortoise flier, the r 2

L Dozen -- I

Brass wrought, not rated in the Bookj

of Rates, the Pound -

Bread or Biscuit, the C wt. containing!

i iz lb.

Brooms, called Flag Brooms or Wifk< Brooms, the Dozen --

16 89-

12 —

Boxes, vocat-

3 4 15 -

5 —

10 —

\ —

- 1

6 8

Cabinets of Amber, the Piece Calpins for Fans, the Dozen

3 -

- 7 6

Rates for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

/. s. d.

Calves Velves to make Rennet, the C

wt. containing 112 lb.

Green, the Pound Candles of Wax, < White or Yellow, f the Pound

Canns of Wood, the Dozen -

Caps of Cotton Thread, the Dozen

C for Bottles, the Piece, not ex

Cases < ceeding iz Bottles -

t for Bottles, if above 12 Bottles Cask empty, the Tonne

Chairs matted, the Dozen -- - z 10 —

Cokernuts for cane heads or Cups, the?

Thousand- --

the c.wt. containing ii2lb. _ — Copper Part wrought, as Bars, Rods, or Ingots hammered or raised, the wt containing 1 iz lb.

i

3

6

S

10

- 1 10 —

10 —

X

r?

i6

6 8

- 1 8

- 26

Copper of all Sorts fully wrought, not? particularly rated in the Book of Rates, r the C wt. containing 112 lb.

Corks ready made, the Groce, containing 12 Dozen -

Cucumbers pickled, the Gallon

D.

Down, the Pound — — — 1

"Adeps Urfi, the Pound - z

Ambra liquids, the Pound -- — 8

Aquafortis (fordyers Use) thebot? 2 tie, containing four Galons 3 5

Auricula: Juda?, the Pound Baccre Alkakengi, the Pound Balsamum Copaiva, the Pound Barbados Tar, the Pound Bitumen Judaicum, the Pound Capita Papaveruin, the thousand

Chamaepitys, the Pound -

Chela: Cancrorum, the Pound —

Cinnabaris Nativa, not of the Eqjl }_

India, the Pound --

Colophonia, the C wt. containing?

112 lb.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the Pound —

Cornu Unicornu, each -

Cortex Elatheria, the C wt, taining 112 lb.

Cortex Limonum vcl Aurantiorum, /

the Pound -- h

Cortex Cariop nyllorum, the Pound — — 6 Cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuits Bark,) n f.

the Pound J

Cranium Humanum, each — 1 —

Cowitch,

- 26

- 6

- 6

3

to —

- 8 10 —

Ojwt, con |,

Drugs, vocat.

512 C 7,

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

Rates for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

£. s. d.

- 6

C wt. con

the Pound -

Cranium of Tartar (for Dyers Use) 7 the C wt. containing 112 lb. J

Dens Apri the Pound -

Dens Equi Marini, the Pound Eboris Rafune, the Pound eltence of Lemons, the Pound

Fechia Brugiata, the C wt. contain 7_

ing 1 iz lb. J

Flores Chamnemeli, the Pound —

Flores Meliloti, the Pound —

Granadilla Peruviana, the Pound Gummi Copal, the Pound Lapis Hibernicus, the wt taining i iz lb.'-

Lapis Hyacinthi, the Pound Lapis Magnetis, the Pound Lapis Nephriticus, the Pound Lipis Oftiocolla, the Pound Lapis Rubinus, the Pound —

Lapis Sapphirus, the Pound —

Lapis Smaragdus, the Pound —

Lapis Spongiae, the Pound —

Lapis Topagae, the Pound —

Mother of Pearl Shells, not of East 7__

India, the Pound -- J

Oleum Annifi, the Pound —

Oleum Cariophyllorum, the Pound — Oleum Carui, the Pound —

I Oleum Cinnamomi, the ouncetroy — / Oleum Cimyni, the Pound —

'Oleum Juniperi, the Pound —

Oleum Nucis Mufcatae liquidum, ?__

the Pound -- - 5

Oleum Origani, the Pound Oleum Palmas, the C wt. contain 7

ing u2 lb.

Oleum Rhodii, the Pound Oleum Saflafrae, the Pound Oleum Thymae, the Pound Oleum Vitrioli, the Pound Orange jeftamine, or other fumed Oils, not otherwise the Pound

io —

- 6

- 6

- io —

- —

- 6

5 io

5 '

5

4

2

6 8

- S —

z io — - 4 "5

i

per

rated —

- —

Chemical Oils not otherwise rated, 7___

the Pound --

3 Pompholix, the Pound -- 4

S Rinehurst, the C wt. containing'

j, izlb, -

I Radix Biftortje, the C wt. contain

j ing 1 iz lb.

fradix Calluminiar, not of the East ____

India, the Pound -

Radix Enulae Campanae, the C wt.

containing 1 iz lb.

Radix Eringii, the Pound Radix Ilypocacuanas, the Pound — 6

Radix Mei Athamantici, the Pound -

Radix Phu, the Pound ——

Radix Serpentarue, the Pound — 2

Ra IX Tormentilla?, thee, wt. con' '

112 lb.,

Rezina jalapii, the Pound — 10

Rates for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

/. r. d. 10 —

- 6

Rezina Scamonii, the Pound Salop, not of the East india, the 7

Pound - J

Sal Prunellae, the Pound Sal Succini. the Pound — 4 —

Sal Tamarifca, the Pound — 5 —

Sal Tartari, the Pound — 1 —

Sal Vitrioli, the Pound — 1 —

Sal Volatile Armoniaci, the Pound — z —

Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi, the Pound — z —

J Saccharum Saturni, the Pound — 1 —

Sevum Cervinum, the Pound 6

Spiritus Cornu Cervi, the Pound — 2 —

Spiritus Vitrioli, the Pound 6

Sulphur Vivum, the C wt. containing izlb.

Tartarum Vitriolatum, the Pound — 1 —

Turpentine of Germany, or from "J any other Place not otherwise I rated the C wt. containing (

1 iz lb. - J

Ungulae Alcis, the hundred Hoofs — 10 —

E.

Earthen Ware of all Sorts (except India

or China, not to be uttered or sold, I

and not otherwise rated) the Pound (

wt. broken or whole -- J

Edging for Hats of Caddas, the Dozen — 56

}" 10 -

id

Enamel, the Pound

F.

- 15

Grocery,

vocat.

the

the

10 —

Soils for Fencers, the Dozen

G.

"Pimento of and from British Plantations,

Pound -

Liquorish in Powder,

C wt containing nzlb Plums dried, the Pound Raisins of AH cant, Denia, and other Raisins not otherwise rated, the wt. containing 112 lb Raisins of Lipra, or Bel vadera, the C wt. coil taining 11 z lb.

Large, the Piece not exceeding three Feet in

Length -

Large, the Piece exceeding three Feet in Length Small, the Dozen Glass broken, the C wt. containing 7

nzlb. J

Glovers Clippings, the C wt. containing 7

nzlb, J "*

Graves for Dogs, the C wt. containing }

nzlb. i "

H.

Perspective Glasses

1 — e 2 --

ia, "J lot f

C C 10 -

- -

I;

5 —

3 4

Hay,

A.D. 1724. Anno uhdecfmo Georgii Recis.

O

Rates for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer,

C 7. 5*3

H.

i 10 —

Hay, the Load, containing 36 trustcs, ?, each Truss being 56 Pounds S

Horns of Cows or Oxen, the Hundred, ?_____

containing five Score -- J

Horn Tips, the Hundred, containing

five Score --

scow or Ox Hair, the C \ wt. containing 112 lb.

Flair vocat Horsehair, the Pound

Human Hair for Perukes, ?_

L the Pound -

Hoans, the Hundred, containing five?, Score - S

I.

Iron of Ireland and all other Places" unwrought, not otherwise rated, the Tonne, containing 20 C wt. each containing 112 lb.

Iron Oar, the Tonne, containing 20 C wt. each Hundred containing 11 2 lb.

Old Bushel broken and old call Iron, the Tonne ——

d.

6 8

- 10 —

2 to —

Iron slit or hammered into Rods, called!

Rod Iron, and Iron drawn or hammered Id's than three Fourths of an

Inch square, the C wt. containing \

112 lb.

Iron, called Pig Iron, from the British^the Tonne, containing 20c C wt. each containing 112 lb. j Iron Wares manufactured, not otherwise rated, or not prohibited by Law ( to be imported, the C wt. containing f

ii2lb. _ J

Juice of Limes, the Gallon -

K.

Kelp, the Tonne, containing 20 C wt. 7__________

each containing 112 lb. -- J J

- 6

Lard, the Pound -

'Alexandria or Turkey Linen, the Ell

Borlaps, the Ell -

Damask and Diaper Napkinning") and Towelling, of the Manufac / ture of Raffia, not exceeding half >'an English Ell in Breadth, the I

Yard.

Damask or Diaper Tabling or Napkinning and Towelling of any Place (except Ireland and Raffia) not otherwise rated, to be rated at the several Rates of Damask or Diaper of Silesia making, in the Book of Rates.

Neckcloths of Silesia., or any other^Country (except India) the Dozen b

Oilcloth, the Ell -

Vo, V

1 6 — 10

Ra'es for the old Subsidy, instead she Oath of the Importer.

9 "1 —

/. s. d.

d Sail Duck n all Places (

lie conf

Sailcloth commonly called Sail Duck or Holland Duck, from all Places (except from India) the containing 120 Else j Sheets Old, the Piece I Spanish or Portugal Linen, the Ell LI rillcts, the Ell -

M.

- 1 6

'4

1 8

- 1 G

- G

Maps in Frames, the Map and Frame — 5 V of Uarbary or Portugal, the?

Matting Yard --

t of Holland, the Yard

Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) the ?__________

Packet, containing 250 Leaves J

Metal prepared for Battery, the C wt. / g ____

containing u z lb. -- J

Morels, the Pound -- — 4

Mum, the Barrel, containing 42 Gallons 2 10

N.

Nuts, called Cheflinuts, the Bushel

O.

Oil of Hempfccd, the Tonne, containing?.

25z Gallons -- 3 '

Oil, called ordinary Oil of Olives, from!

any Place, not otherwise rated, the >32 -

Tonne, containing z52 Gallons j

5 —

20 -

6 8

P.

Pails of Wood, or Kits of Wood, the)

Dozen)

Painters Colours of all Sorts, not other ?_

rated, the Pound --

p Atlafs Ordinary Genoa Royal Sine

Genoa Medium Fine each Ream — 14 — Fine Holland Royal Medium Paper Second Genoa Royal 1 Second Genoa Mei - dium I

ser0ondalfin — lknd each Rcate - to^Fine large Poll, weighing

1 5 Pounds per y Ream and upwards J Cartridge Paper Ordinary Eliphant Fine large Poll, weighing under 15 Pounds per Ream Chancery Double Ordinary Royal

each Ream — 76

each Ream — 5

And the several Sorts of unrated Paper hereafter mentioned are to pay the new Duties of twenty per Pent, and ten percent, granted by the Aits made in the U u u

tenth

514-

j

tenth and twelfth Years of her late majesty Queen Anne, according to the following Rates, and not according to the Oath of the Importer, viz.

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

e.

rt

>eachream — 5 —

Second Writing Imperial, the Ream Second Writing Super Royal, the

Ream -

Second Writing Royal, the Ream Second Writing Medium, the Ream Second Fine Holland Royal, the Ream — Blue Paper for Sugar Bakers, the

single Ream }

Ordinary Royal Fine Printing Crown Fine Printing Fools Cap Brown Cap

Second Ordinary Printing Crown Second Ordinary Print Fools Cap each Ream

Ordinary Pot Fine Genoa Pot Second Genoa Pot Brown Paper, the Bundle containing 40 Choir -

Small Port, the Ream -

Rates.

I. s. d.

l5 —

1 -7 6

S

4 7 6

Rates for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

5 —

h

Pears, the Bushel- ——

all Sorts, the Groce, containing 12 Dozen ——

Pewter Old, the C wt. containing uzlb. 2 10 — Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise rated, 7

the Gallon.

Plat, called Bermudas Plat for Hats, the Pound

!- 6

Plate wrought of Gold, the Ounce 4 -

Platters of Wood, the Shock, contain 7

ingsixty I ' -- - J io —

Powder of Brass for Japanning, the Ounce -- 6

Prints of Paper (exceptof India or China) I

the Piece -- }

CL

Quilting of all Sorts, whether of Linen, Callico or Cotton, (not of India or China) the Yard -

R.

Racket Hoops, the Dozen Rennet, the Gallon --

—. 1 6

S.

Sausages or Puddings of bo/ognia, or any 7__

other Place, the Pound --

Scale boards, the C wt. containing ialb. — 3

Scoops of Wood, the Dozen - 3

- "Clover Seed, the C wt. containing 7

uzlb. -- S

Cole seed, the Quarter, containing^t ___

t —

4 4

TB

8 Bushels hemp seed, the Last, containing ten Quarters, each Quarter ing 8bulhels

rontaining ten irter contain > -

Rates for the oj4 Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

uzlb.

Maw Seed, the Pound 3 I Millet Seed, the C wt. containing 7___

L uzlb.

Shavings for Hats the ^. wt. containing

Sheeps Guts dried to make Whips, the Groce, containing iz Dozen Silk wrought, dowered or mixed with Gold or Silver (except of India, Perfta or China) the pound weight, containing 16 Ounces -

coney skins, the Dozen -

deer skins Indian half dress'd, the pound weight -

dog skins undress'd, the Piece

Skin -

fisher skins, the Piece -

goats skins in the Hair, not otherwise

rated, the Dozen -

hare skins, the Dozen -

lamb skins dress'd in Allom, the Hundred, containing 5 Score lamb skins dress'd in Oil, the Hundred, containing 5 Score lamb skins flink dress'd, the Hundred, containing 5 Score lamb skins flink undress'd in Wool, the Hundred, contaii 6 Score -

U

O,

lamb skins undress'd in the Wool, the Hundred, containing 6 Score

lion skins, the Piece -

moose fkiiis, the Piece -

Mufquafh, the Skin -

panther skins, the Piece -

Pelts of all Sorts (except Goat Pelts) the Hundred, containing 5 Score Pelts of Goats dress'd, the Dozen Pelts of Goats undress'd, the Dozen

Rackoons, the Skin.

shagreen skins, the Skin -

sheep skins dress'd, the Dozen

swan skins, the Piece -

Talcs or Tips of Sable, the Piece

tiger skins, the Piece -

vizer skins, the Piece --

wood shocks, the Skin -

Shovels of Wood, unfhod the Dozen Suttles for Weavers, the Dozen Skates of Wood for Aiding, fiiod, the

Dozen -

Slays for Weavers, the Dozen — Snowting, the C wt. containing uzlb. f Hard of all Sorts, not otherwise rated, the C wt. containing > uzlb: — )

Soft of all Sorts, not otherwise rated, the C wt. containing h2lb.

/. s. d

10 —

J — 6

16 —

I ' 5 —

J I 8

3 10 —

J '

f 1 3

- 5 6 —

J r 5 — — 4

j Q

J 10 —

s —

J i 10 —

j 10 —

- "10 — — 6

I J 10

j 10 —

i — 5 —

- 6

- 1 8

- 5 —

- 3 4

- 10 —

- 5 —

- 5 —

- 10 —

- 10 —

3

J 6 8

1 — _»

Soap

Soapers Waste, the Tonne, containing 20 / C wt. each containing uzlb. j

i 10 —

- 10 —

Socks

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo

Georgii Regis.

o

Rates for the old Subsidy, ipstead of the Oath of the Importer.

Socks of Thread or Cotton, the Dozen 1

Pair -

Spelter of Germany, the C wt. contain f 2

ing 112 lb. -- S

fbrandy of France, the Tonne, containing 252 Gallons

s. d. 6 8

10 —

13°"

15 -

Brandy of Spain, Portugal or Italy, the Tonne, containing 252 Gallons Brandy of all other Countries, not I

otherwise rated, the Tonne, con >20 -

taining 252 Gallons -- 3

Citron Water, the Gallon

1

10

s —

10 —

- 1 s

10 — 10 —

15

Geneva, the Gallon -

hungary water, the Gallon -

Rackee of Turkey, the Gallon -

Rosa solis, and all other Cordial waters, not otherwise rated, the

Gallon j

I Rum, the Gallon

I Visney from Turkey, the Gallon —

lufquebaugh, the Gallon -

Stockings of Thread or Cotton, the Dozen 1 f grave stones of Marble, unpolished "Foot square, superficial Measure

grave stones of Marble, polished, the Foot square, superficial Measure

grave stones of other Stone, polished or unpolished, the Foot

square- -

Tables, Mortars, } and all other polished Marble / (except grave stones and Pa > —

ving stones polished) the Foot V

square J

Marble Blocks, the solid Foot — — 4

Marble paving stones rough, the foot

superficial Measure

paving stones polished, the foot

square superficial Measure < paving stones, not of Marble, the foot

square

pibble stones, the Tonne -

Slates in Frames, the Dozen 'Fables of Slate, in Frames, the Piece Tables of Slate, without Frames, /

the Piece -

Spinal fine, to make Gauze, the Pound Spokes for cart wheels, long, the 11100-7

find 3

Spokes for cart wheels, short, the thou 7

sand V

Swingles, the Groce, containing 12 Dozen 3 —

T.

CL

O

o

- 8

- 3 4

C 7- 515

- i 8 d U O

- 10 —

6 a O O

1 1 1 1 K

Tails of Cows, the Hundred, containing?

five Score -

Tape open, the dozen Pieces -

("Lackered, with or without Feet, (except of India or China) the I Piece --

10 -

- 26

Tea tables

irate

for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of thi Importer.

/. s. a.

(except of 7 China) tly

Unlackered Tea tables 3 India or i Piece

Ticking of Germany, or any other 1 Country not otherwise rated, the Piece, t

containing 36 Yards 3

Tortoise Shell, the Pound Trustees, the Pound

1 10 —

- a 6

V

Use)

the C wt.)

Hi}

not / Sots. —

Valonia, (for Dyers containing h2lb.

Vermachelli Palfe, the Pound Vinelloes, the Pound

W.

Wafers, the Pound -

"Pyrmont Water, and all other Mineral or Natural Waters, otherwise rated, the Dozen Bot ties or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding 3 Pints J

Pyrmont Water, and all other Mineral or Natural Waters, not! I otherwise rated, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask exceeding 3 Pints Spaw Water, the Basket, containing 150 Flasks, not exceeding 3 Pints

each Flask- -

Mirtle Wax, the Pound Weld (for Dyers Use) the C wt. containing 112 lb.

Wheels for Spinning, the Piece 'Anchor Stocks, the Piece

- 6

1 10 —

1 8

6 3

- 9 —

: C wt. con ___

- 1 6

6 8

Battens, 6 Inches and an Half wide, or under, the containing 120 Beech Boards, 2 Inches thick, " or under, the containing 120 Beech Plank, above 2 Inches thick, the Load, containing 50 Foot Beech Quarters, under 5 Inches? 2 square, the containing 120 J Beech Quarters, 5 Inches square, 1 and under 8 Inches, the containing 120 3

Box Wood, the Tonne containing 20) g C wt. each containing 112 ]b. J Deals from Russia, and all other "J

Countries, not particularly rated, ( exceeding 20 Foot in Length, the f 3

Hundred, containing 120 J

Deals from Sweden, or any other"!

County, of 20 Foot in Length or under, not otherwise rated, the Hundred containing 120

Fire Wood, the Fathom -- — 8 —

Sir Quarters, under 5 Inches square, 1 the containing 120 Sir Quarters, $ Inches square, and under 8 Inches, the containing 120 -

U u 11 3

Handfcoopsj

Wood, vocat.

C 7.

Handfcoops, Handspikes,

i ng 120 —

Kilderkin Staves, containing 120

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis.

Rates for the old Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

I. s. d.

the Dozen -- — 2 —

the Hundred contain'( _ __

Thou (and, -

7

Knees of Oak,

f For Shipping 8 Inches square and under j the containing

I For Shipping, above ( 8 Inches square, to

j pay as Timber the

I Load --

Small, for Wherries,

I the Hundred, con

L taining 120 -

Lath Wood, the Fathom -

K Mahogony Timber, or Plank, the Tonne containing 20 C wt. each

C containing 112 lb.

("Boards under 2 Inches thick, and under 15 Foot long, the Hundred, containing

Oak( 120 -

j Plank, the Load, containing

I 50 Foot solid ——

Load -

Olive Wood, the Tonne containing 20 C wt. each containing

112 lb. -- J

Pailing Boards, the Hundred con

120. S

Round Wood, the Hundred con? 120 I

j

I 10 —

j o

8

1 10 —

10 -

6 S

A.D. 1724.

Rates for the ol^ Subsidy, instead of the Oath of the Importer.

Wainscot Boards of all Sorts, thed Inch or Foot, containing 12 Foot in Length, and 1 Inch in Thick ness, and foin Proportion in ( 1 I any greater or idler Length or 1

I I 7'hickness J

Wooden Tubs, the Dozen -

I.

s.

- 1 6

User

s

7

Is

L

Wood for dying, vocat.

"Single under 24 Foot in length, the containing 120 -

Double, of 24 Foot in 7 Length and upwards, the r C containing 120 -

Nicarago Wood, the C

wt. containing 112 lb., S Of all other Sorts nofl otherwise rated, the C r — wt. containing 112 lb. J

Coney Wool, the Pound -

Edridge Wool imported in foreign built }_ Ships, the C wt. containing 112 lb

hare's Wool the Pound -

sleeps Wool from any other Place t than mentioned in the Book of Rates, [-

the Pound -

Wire of Brass or Copper, not otherwise rated, the C wt. containing 112 lb.

- s -

10 —

- 6

1 8 —

- 3

- 3

6 10 —

Y.

Wick Yarn, the Dozen Pound --

Worstead Yarn, being two or more Threads twilled or thrown, the Pound Yokes for Oxen, the Pair -

h

9 "3 —

Rules, Orders and Regulations.

A NY of the Rates aforesaid, or anything contained in this Additional Book of Rates, is not to 1 extend to alter the Method prescribed by Law for ascertaining the Values upon such unrated

Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported, as are of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the East India, China or other the Parts within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies: Or, '

To the charging any Duty upon such Sort of Wood, Plank or Timber wrought or unwrought, or 1 any of the Goods called Lumber, which are to be imported. duty free, by Virtue of the Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on the Conditions therein mentioned, during the Continuance of the said Act: Or, '

4 To the charging any Duty upon such Drugs or other Goods used in Dying, which are to be imported duty free, by Virtue of another Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on the Conditions therein mentioned.'

And whereas it may happen, that several Goods and Merchandizes may be imported, which are oroit ted to be rated in the Book of Rates made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in this additional Book of Rates, or in some particular Act of Parliament, in such Case,

the Value and Price of such Goods and Merchandizes for the old Subsidy (other than of those oi India,

Persia or China) shall be ascertained by the oath or Affirmation of the Merchant, in the Presence of the Customer, Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor or any two of them; and the better to prevent Frauds and that all Merchants may be upon an equal Foot in Trade, the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officers of the Customs, may open, view and examine such Goods and Merchandizes paying Duty ad Valorem, and compare the same with the Value and Price thereof so sworn to or affirmed; and if upon such View and Examination it shall appear, that such Goods or Merchandizes are not valued by such Oath or Affirmation, according to the true Value and Price thereof, according to the true In ' tent and Meaning hereof, that then and in such Case the Importer or Proprietor shall on Demand made

A.D.

1724.

Anno unclccimo Georgii Rems.

O

C 8. st

in Writing by the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such goojs or Merchandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be delivered, all such Goods and Merchandizes into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Importation, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown; and, upon such Delivery, the Customer or Collector of such Port, with the Privity of the Comptroller, Until, out of any Money in the Hands of such Customer or Collector, arising by Customs or other Duties belonging to the Crown, pay to such Importer or Proprietor, the Value of such Goods and Merchandizes so sworn to or affirmed, for the said Old Suhfidy as aforesaid, together with an Addition of the Customs and other Duties paid for such Goods, and of ten Pounds per Centum to such Value, taking a Receipt for the same from such Importer or Proprietor, in full Satisfaction for the said Goods, as if they had been regularly sold; and the rci peftive Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the said Goods to be fairly and publicly sold for the hest Advantage, and out of the Produce thereof, the Money so paid or ad cm.vtkiv/ CV vanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such Customer or Collector, with the Privity of the Comptroller, to be replaced to such Funds from whence the same was borrowed, and the Overplus (if any) shall be \\cei j' 1$] paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Sinking Fund, by the Title of Unrated Goods imported, c. 2.

undervalued.'< 17.

9 Geo. 2. c. 35.

15 Geo. 2. c 31. is Geo. 2. c. 2s. 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 2s Geo. 2. C it. 30 Geo. 2. C is Cf 29. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five; and for transferring the Deficiency of a late Malt Act to this Act; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp-duties on News papers; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for disposing certain Overplus Money to proper Objects of Charity; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed; for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

CXIII AND whereas by an act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Chnfe renting i. Majesty Queen Anne, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that the following Duties to jjews Pi, P?: '9*

Should be paid on all Books and Papers commonly called Pamphlets; and for and upon all printed 10 nn' c' i9'

News papers or Papers containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences (that is to fav) For every Pamphlet or Paper contained in Half a Sheet, or in any Idler Piece of Paper printed, the Sum of one halfpenny; and for every Pamphlet or Paper being larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, one Penny; and for every Pamphlet or Paper, being larger than one whole Sheet,

and not exceeding six Sheets in Octavo, or in a lesser Page, and not exceeding twelve Sheets in Hhiarto,

or twenty Sheets' in Folio, a Duty after the Rate of two Shillings for every Sheet of any Kind ot Paper which shall be contained in one printed Copy thereof, as by the said recited Act, Relation being the re unto had, may more fully and at large appear: And whereas the Authors or Printers of several Jour nals, Mercuries and other News papers, do, with an Intent to defeat the aforesaid Payments, and in Defraud of the Crown, so contrive as to print their said Journals and News papers on one Sheet and Half sheet of Paper each, and by that Means they neither pay the aforesaid Duties of one Penny for each Sheet, nor a halfpenny for the Half sheet, as by Law they ought to do, but enter them as Pamphlets, and pay only three Shillings for each Impression thereof, whereby his Majesty hath been much injured in his Revenue, and the Printers of other News papers, who do regularly pay the find Duties, are great Sufferers thereby: 'For Remedy whereof, it is hereby enacted and declared, That News Papers not such Journals, Mercuries and News papers, so printed on one Sheet and half sheet of Paper, shall not to pay as t'jm for the Future be deemed or taken as Pamphlets, to be entered and to pay only three Shillings for each Ph, cts> Impression thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day After "5 aprj* of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the following Duties shall be paid to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, upon every Journal, Mercury or other public News paper, which shall becomni:, t printed and published in Great Britain, during the Term mentioned in the said recited Act, or any other Dmitsfu farther Act or Acts of Parliament, by which the Duties aforesaid are granted or continued, (that is to say) fcrnc^ ' 033. every Sheet of Paper, on which any Journal, Mercury or other News paper whatsoever, shall be printed, 9C f a Duty of one Penny Sterling, and for every half sheet thereof, the Sum of one halfpenny Sterling; \

anything in the said recited Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any vile::, CD notwithstanding. C 19. r 31

Geo. 2. c. 35.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Duties shall be levied, collected and paid in thehow to be same Manner, and subject to the same direistions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Appropriations and re ralfi^n C: demptions as are mentioned and contained in the aforesaid Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of her late'nn' C I9' Majesty Queen Anne, or any other at of Parliament relating to the Duties thereby granted.

II. Geo. i. C i.

C 8. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis A.D. 1724.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys lent and to be

Application of the Moneys granted this Session* viz.

57.95s1- 5s od 2q. for the Cenerul Fund.

734, 2951. 14. s.9d. for the Navy,

lent to his Majesty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled, An aitfior granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise, and remain after all the Loans made, or to be made on the same at, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and all the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserv d in the Exchequer to discharge the Lme'; and all the Money lent or to be lent to his Majesty, by Virtue of this present Act, and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, thereby granted' or continued, as shall arise or remain, (if any such be) after all the Loans hereby directed to be made, and all the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the same Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and the Sum of thirteen thousand and ten Pounds seven Shillings and twopence three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prefer! bed, (that is to say;,) It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-three Pounds five Shillings and nine pence half penny, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred twenty-four.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven hundred thirty-four thousand two hundred ninety five Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence, for or towards the Nava] Services herein afeer more particularly expressed, (that is to say) For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea officers, and for and towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Sea Services of the navy.performed and to be performed.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty thousand and eighty Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land services performed and to be performed, and for defraying several extraordinary Expenses of the Office of Ordnance for Land services, not provided for by Parliament.

XIX. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of nine hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred sixty eight Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; That is to say, any Sum, not exceeding six hundred fifty-four thousand four hundred eighty eight Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand two hundred sixty four effective Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers and Invalids, for G uards, Garrisons and other his Majesty's Land forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernfiey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty-two thousand six hundred thirty seven Pounds sixteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, upon Account for Out pensioners of Chelfiea Hospital for the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-five; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding sixteen thousand eight hundred foity one Pounds eight Shillings and Sixpence three Farthings, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses. and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, on Account of Provisions for the Garrison of Gibraltar, and for a Loss by Bills of Exchange drawn by Moses Beranger in the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-one, for remitting Subsistence to his Majesty's Forces in Minorca and Gibraltar, which were returned protested, and on Account of what is due to the Garrison of Placentia, and the four late Independent Companies of that Garrison, between the twenty-fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and the twenty-fourth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeeq, when the said Companies were regimented; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding seventy seven thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of iris majesty's Land forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-five, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding thirty seven thousand nine hundred thirty-one Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-four.

Not to be applied

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or ap w other Uses. pied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Usei and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies before directed to be satisfied out of the said Loans, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in this Act, or in the said Act of this present Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Laud Tax.

80.0801. JIS, 10d. for the

Ordnance for Land servke,

9t2, 9681. 2s.

8d. 1 q. for Land forces, C

Surplus of ihis Sum, appropriated.

z2 Geo. 1. C i! 35*

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo# Georgii p^cgis. C o. 519

XXI. And as to the said Sum of seventy seven thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on Accoui. R |'» tnt, of plalf pay as aforesaid. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rul ftp n'herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say. That no Person ja j' u, e shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of six teen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did atual Sefvice in some Regiment, Troop or Company; That no Person, having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice, or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Persons by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Root, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for con The Overplus tinuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by Way of a Lottery, for the Ser h; V to te dif vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-four, and for other Purposes therein expressed, fe

Supplies, which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to °' J' C 4 several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, among which any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of

seventy nine thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forcesiand Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of seventy nine thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the aforesaid Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed to such Officers who were maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others as by Reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as Dial] he signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause touching lost Bills, Tickets or Orders, C Further Time given for Payment of the Duties on Money given with Apprentices."

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act for continuing the several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds to the Bank of England, until Midsummer one thousand seven hundred twenty seven; and from. thence, for reducing the same to seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament; and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erased Bank bills or Notes.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her 7 Anna, C 7,

bate Majesty Queen Anne, (of blessed Memory) entitled. An act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for ra sing a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine; the Governor and Company of the Bank of England were obliged,

in the Manner therein mentioned, to deliver up to be cancelled certain Exchequer bills, which had been made forth by a former Act of Parliament in that Behalf; which Bills, with Interest thereupon,

were computed to amount to seventeen hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny; and to the End the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, and their Successors, might h ve a competent Recompense and Consideration for so doing,

and for all their Demands relating thereto, it was by the said Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign enacted, that from and after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousanl seven hundred and ten, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

and their Successors, Should have, receive and enjoy one Annuity or yearly Sum of onetiundred and six thousand and five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, out of such Duties on Houses as are therein mentioned: But it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon one year's Notice to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their suecefl ors,

and upon full Payment to them of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of all Arrears of the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence

per Annum (if any should be then due); then, and not till then, the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, Should cease and

determine;

5 20

3 Geo. i. C S.

C 9. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

determine; and then a]so the said Dudes on Houses should be understood to be redeemed by Parliament,

and should not be issued, paid or applied to any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but by the Authority of Parliament: And whereas in an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the third Year of your majesty's. Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances re deemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, at five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Encumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expence of your Majesty's Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, reciting, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Regard the common Rate of Interest money was very much ic itened under your majesty's most auspicious Government, and that several of the Funds of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the said Act mentioned, were redeemable at such Times, and in such Manner, as in the said Act are particularly set forth; and that they the said Governor and Company were willing and contented to accept one Annuity of eight eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the said Principal Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, in Lieu of their then present Annuity or Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Apnum; and that the said Governor and Company were also willing and contented to discharge and deliver up to be cancelled, as many of the Exchequer bills, formerly made forth, as amounted to two millions in Principal Money, and to accept an Annuity or Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the same: It ' was in and by the said Act of the third Year of your majesty's Reign enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, should have, receive and enjoy the said Annuity or yearly Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten pence half penny, in respect of the said Principal Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny; which annual or yearly Sum ' of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny,

was thereby charged upon, and made payable from time to time, out of all the Moneys arisen or to arise, at the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, of or for the particular Duties on Houses therein mentioned, and of or for the said Duties and Revenues, commonly called the Aggregrate Fund, and every or any of them, and was to be paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

and their Successors for ever, from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, by even and equal Portions; all which Payments were to be made in such Manner and Form, and with such Pre ference as are in the said Act prescribed in that Behalf; But it was thereby also provided and enacted,

That upon one year's Notice to be given at the said Feast: of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, or any quarterly feast day after, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of all Arrears of the said Annuity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny per Annum (if any should be then due);

then, and not till then, the said Annuity of eighty eiglu thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shill ings and ten Pence halfpenny per Annum, should cease and determine; and in and by the said Act it was further provided and enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England should, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, de' 4 liver up as many Exchequer bills formerly made forth (then being uncancelled and undischarged) as amounted to the Sum of two millions in Principal Money, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High t'reasurer for the Time being, should nominate, to be discharged, cancelled and made void; and that, from and after the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, should have, receive and enjoy one Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, computed upon the said Principal Sum of two millions; which yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds was thereby charged upon and made payable, from time to time, out of all the Moneys arising or to arise at the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, as well of or for the said several Du 4 ties. Revenues and Incomes, called the Aggregate Fund aforesaid, as of or for the said particular Duties on Houses, and was to be paid at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Prese rence as are in the said Act prescribed in that Behalf: And it is by the said Act also enacted and provided, That at any 7'imc, upon one year's Notice to be given at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand fever, hundred and seventeen, or any quarterly feast day after, and not before,

and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of two millions, and of all Arrearages of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds (if any should be due at the Time of such Payments); then, and not till then,

the said Annuity of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum should cease and determine, as in and by the said Act it doth and may more fully and at large appear: And whereas pursuant to the said Act, and the Provisions therein contained, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, on or

before

A.D. 1724. Anno imdecimo Georgii Regis. C 9. 521

before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, deliver up as many

of the said Exchequer bills as amounted to the said Sum of two millions in Principal Money, and the same were discharged, cancelled and made void; and they the said Governor and Company of the Bank

of England have, ever since the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, received and enjoyed the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds,

and are Bill entitled unto the same: And whereas in and by one other Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for applying certain Overplus Moneys, and further 5 CC ' C 3-

Sums to be rnijed, as well by way of a Lottery as by Loans, towards paying off and cancelling Exchequer bills,

and for lessening the present great Charge in Relation to thojc Bills, and for circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Reftaue of the same Bills for the Future, It is amongst diverse other Matters and Filings enabled and declared, That all the said particular Duties on Houses, and all the said other Rates, Du 1 tics, Revenues and Incomes, which by the said Act of the third Year of your majesty's Reign were set 3 G, C tied for answering the respective Payments therein mentioned (and which are denominated to be the Ag

Fund) and every of them should be continued, and be paid and payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors for ever, and that all the Moneys of the said Duties, Revenues and Incomes, which should or ought to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, (except the necessary Charges of

raising, collecting, levying, i(tiling, paying Slid accounting for the same) Should he and are hereby appropriated, and (hold be issued and applied to and for the Repayment and Satisfaction of several yearly and other Sums in the said Act particularly expressed, in the due Course, and with such Preferences as are thereby appointed, amongst which Payments an express Provision is made for Payment of the said several and respective Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and it was thereby enacted,

That the said several Annuities, and either of them, should severally and respectively he redeemable upon such Payments, and in such Manner and Form as in and the respective Provisions contained in the recited Act of the third Year of your majesty's Reign, are prescribed for the Redemption thereof:

And whereas due Notice was given by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, Speaker of the

House of Commons, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for paying of the said Principal Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and for redeeming the said Annuity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, attending thereon, at the Fcaft of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and pursuant to the said Notice, the same is redeemable accordingly: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have agreed and consented. That in case they may 1 be permitted to enjoy the said Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds, until the Feall of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty

seven; from and after the said feast day not only their said Annuity of eighty eight thousand seven Further Provi hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, but also their Annuity of one hun Jjorls relating dred thousand Pounds per Annum, upon the respective Sums of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and two millions shall' '

be actually reduced to four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and be likewise from thenceforth redeemable - Geo. 2. c. 3.

4 by Parliament: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to have the public Debts and Encumbrances leftened and discharged as fast as conveniently may be, with Regard to Justice and the public Faith, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and After 24 June with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par '727> Annurics

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Feast of the Nativity*" s'

of Saint John bapti/l which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty io'd. z q. Vn'd seven, the said respective Annuities aforesaid shall cease and determine; and the said Governor and Com 100, 0001. to be pany of the Bank of England, and their Successors (subject nevertheless to the Proviso and Power of to Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf, and none other) shall have, receive and enjoy, in Lieu of the respective Annuities aforesaid, one Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy one thousand and |0 oooo?"^one Pounds two Shillings and three Fence three Farthings, in respect of the said Principal Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one other Annuity or yearly Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, in respect of the said Principal Sum of two millions; which said several and respective annual or yearly Sums of seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds,

shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of all the Moneys arisen, or to aiife, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said particular Duties on Houses aforesaid, and of and for the Duties and Revenues called the Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them; and shall be paid and payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, from the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John bapti/l one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, by even and equal Portions; all which Payments shall also be made in such Manner and Form, and on such Conditions, and with such Preference, as are in the said Act prescribed and directed, in relation to the said several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum respectively. a

Voj., V

X X X

JL Provided

522

On Repayment Annuities to cease.

Redeemed 2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

As any Part of the Principal Sums are paid off, a proportional Part of the Annuities to be abated.

These Annuities Personal Elates.

Powers of former acts continued, cz.

Forging, e. Bank bills or Notes, Felony. Tarther concerning Bank see I Geo. 2. St. 2. C 8, 2 Geo. 2. c. 3. 11 Geo.

2. C 27.

35 gto, 2. C 13. 19 Geo. 2. c. 6. 24 Geo. 2. c. 4.

C 9. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, of the said several and respective Principal Sums of one million, seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Ship lings and ten Pence halfpenny, and two millions without any Deduction, Discount or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of the said respective Annuities of seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds per Annum (if any such shall be then due); then, and not till then, the said several and respective Annuities of seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings and eighty thousand Pounds, or Cither of them which shall be so redeemed, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; ary former Act or Acts of Parli amerit, or any Provisoes, Matters o? Things therein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And in p.egard it is intended that the said Annuities may be finished by any Payments riot being less than five hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain at a Time, and that as the said Principal Money shall be paid off, the said Debt and Annuities shall proportionally fink and be abated Be it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times Payment be made of any Sum or Sums' of Money (not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time) in Part for the respeeffive Principal Sums, for which the said Annuities shall be payable as aforesaid, and also if Payment be made of all Arrearages then due to them, of the same Annuities, or so much of those Arrearages, as shall bear a Proportion to the Principal Moneys from Time to Time remaining unsatisfied, being computed till the Time of every such Payment of Part of the Principal respectively, then from and after every such Payment so made, so much of the said Annuities, as hall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said Principal, shall cease, determine and be abated; anything in this, or in any former al or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities, or Sums of seventy

one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds, and either of them, shall he deemed and adjudged to be Personal Estates, and the same, and the Stock and Stocks, which the said Governor and Company of the bank of England, now have, or are entitled unto, as also all such Stock or Stocks, which the said Governor and Company shall or may be entitled' unto by Virtue of this Act, and also the Principal Sums and Annuities payable to the said Governor and Compare, for or in respect of any such Stock or Stocks, are and shall by Virtue of this Act be clear and Free, and freed and discharged of and from all Taxes, Charges and public Impositions whatsoever or to be charged thereupon, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachments; any Law, cu ftom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Acts above recited or mentioned, and all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, Rules, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, being now in Force (such Alterations as are therein made by this Act only excepted) shall continue and be used, exercised, infiifted, applied and put in Practice and Execution, as fully as if the said Powers, Authorities, Privileges and' Advantages, Rules, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were again repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall continue to be a Corporation, and shall enjoy the several Annuities or Sums of seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds, till they respectively shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and shall enjoy all such Capacities, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Corporation belonging, until the said Annuities or yearly Sums shall be redeemed (according to the Proviso in this AI contained concerning the same) freed and discharged of and from all former and other Provisoes and Powers of Redemtion whatsoever, for redeeming the said Duties or Revenues called the Aggregate Fund, or the said Duties on Houses, or any of them; any former Act or Statute, or any Clause, Matter or Thing in this AI contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas of late diverse F rauds and Deceits have been put upon the said Governor and Com

of the Bank of England, and other Persons, by the altering, forging and counterfeiting of the

Bank bills and Banknotes of the said Governor and Company, and by the erasing and altering the said Bills and Notes, and the er.dorfements thereupon, and by the tendring in Payment, uttering,

vending, exchanging and bartering, of such altered, forged, counterfeited and erased Bills and Notes,

and the Endorsements thereupon, to the Prejudice of public Credit, and to the Great Hurt and Dimi nution of Trade and Commerce; 'For redressing whereof for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall alter, forge or counterfeit any Bank bill or Banknote, made or given out for the Payment of any Sum of Money, by or for the said Governor and' Company, or any Banknote of any Sort whatsoever, 'or shall erase or alter any such Bill or Note, or any Endorsement thereupon, or hall tender in Payment, utter, vend, exchange or barter, any such altered, forged or counterfeited Bill or Note, or any erased or altered Bill dr Note, or the Endorsement thereupon, or demand to have the same exchanged for ready Money by the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons (knowing such Bill or Note, or the en dorfeinent thereupon, so ter.dred or demanded to be exchanged, vended or bartered, to be altered, forged, counterfeited or erased) and with Intention to defraud the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons foi

offending

523

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii 1 Regis. C ic -

offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is hereby declared 'and adjudecd a Felon, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony.'"

C a r. X

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the East riding of the County of York, to take down the County Bridge, called Stanford Bridge, and to build a Stone Bridge at a more convenient Place over the Iiiver Darwcnt in the said Riding instead thereof.

Justices of the East riding Com. Elor. may may take down Stamford Bridge, and build a new Bridge at a more convenient Place, to be the County Bridge. Justices may tax the Inhabitants thereto. Justices may sell the Materials of the old Bridge. May purchase Ground foi making a new Road to the new Bridge. Taxes not to exceed 4d. per Pound.

PR.

CAP. XI.

An Act for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield in the County of Meddle j'ex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in I Hare in the County of Hertford.

thetolls granted by this Act, took Place from the third of May 1735. and to continue for 2iyears. PR. [Continued and enlarged 6 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XII.

An Act for incorporating the Executors of the last Will and Testament of Jbomas Guy, late of the City of London Esq, deceased, and others, in order to the better Management and dif position of the Charities given by his said Last Will.

WHEREAS Thomas Guy late of the City of London, Esquire, deceased, having in his lifetime, V y at his own Costs and Charges, erected in the Parish of St. Thomas in Southwark, one new large Building, conftfting of two Squares, with several other proper Edifices thereunto adjoining or belonging, did on the twenty seventh Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, depart this Life, having duly made and executed his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the fourth Day of September before the said Day of his decease, and in and by his said last Will and Testament, did give, devise and bequeath, all the Rest and Residue of his Estate whatsoever and where soever, both Real and Personal, after the Payment of his Debts, Legacies and Funeral Charges therein mentioned, and subject to the Payment of several Annuities and yearly Sums therein bequeathed (which said reliduary Part of the said testator's Estate, is computed by the Executors of his laid Will, to be of the Value of two hundred thousand Pounds and upwards) unto Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, Charles Joy and William Clayton, Esquires, Mr. Thomas Hollis Senior, John Kenrick and John Lade, Esquires, Dr. Richard Mead, Moses Raper, Esquire, and Mr. John Sprint, 'Governors of the present Hospital of 4 St. Thomas, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, upon the Trust, and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are therein directed and appointed, and did thereby likewise or dain, constitute and appoint the said Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, Charles Joy and William Clayton, Esquires, Mr. Thomas Hollis, Senior, John Kenrick. and John Lade, Esquires, Dr. Richard Mead, Moses Raper, Esquire, and Mr. John Sprint, Executors of his said last Will, on Trust as aforesaid, and did thereby declare his Mind and Will to be. That until such Incorporation by Letters Patent, or Act of Parliament, as is therein directed, could be obtained and take Effect, his said Executors, and therein last mentioned Trustees, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and afterwards such Corporation should, out of the Rcftclnurn of his Efcate, or the Rents, Interests, or other Profits thereof, carry on, erect, finish, and sit up, the two new Squares of Buildings in Southwark, by him then some time since began, and intended for an Hospital for Reception of such lick Persons as are therein after mentioned, and such other Erections, Offices and Buildings, as should, iy the Opinion of his Hid Exe cutors and Trustees, be for that Purpose further necessary; also provide and furnish the same with Beds and all other Conveniences, for the Reception of, and receive and entertain therein, four hundred poor Persons, or upwards, labouring under any Distempers, Infirmities or Disorders, thought capable of Relief by Physic or Surgery, but who by Reason of the final] Hopes there might be of their Cure,

or the Length of Time, which for that Purpose might be required or thought necessary, were or might be adjudged or called incurable, and as such, not proper Objects to be received into, or continued in the present Hospital of St. Thomas, or other Hospitals, in and by which no Provision had been made for Distempers deemed or called incurable (of whom he declares his Mind to be, that they receive and entertain Lunatics, adjudged or called as aforesaid incurable, not exceeding twenty in Number at one Time) such poor Persons to be chosen and appointed by his said Executors and Trustees, out of such Patients and Persons, who shall be discharged out of the Hospital of St. Thomas or Bethlehem, or other Hospitals, on account of the small Hopes of their Cure, or the great Length of Time for that Purpose required or thought necessary, and on such or any other Account, adjudged or called incurable, and not fit to be continued in the said Hospital of St. Thomas or Bethlehem, or other Hospitals, or such other'

poor sick Persons or Lunatics as under such or the like Circumstances, should apply to his said Exe cutors and Trustees for Relief, at the Discretion and Pleasure of his said Executors and Trustees, to

X X X 2 ' 4 whom

Reciting the Last Will of Thomas Guy, Esquire.

524- C 12. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

whom he submits the several Species or Kinds of sick Persons deemed or called incurable, who shall be admitted into the said intended Hospital; has further thereby directed, that his said Executors. 4 and Trustees should provide suitable and proper Diet, Physic and all other Necessaries, for the Main tenance, Relief or Cure of such sick Sersons during their Lives, or for so long Time as his said Exe cutors and Trustees should think fit to continue them under their Care in the said intended Hospital;

and hath thereby further declared his Mind and Will to be, that such poor sick Persons received into,

and entertained in the said intended Hospital, should be subject at all Times to his said Executors and' Trustees, and to such Rules and Orders as they should think fit to make for their Behaviour in the said intended Hospital, and liable to be expelled from thence and removed at the Pleasure of his said Execu tors and Trustees, and other like sick Persons admitted and entertained in their Room; and thereby'4 further declares his Mind and Will to be, that if his said Executors and Trustees should not find Cause

or should on any Account whatsoever not think fit to keep all, or great Part of the Beds or Wards in the said intended Hospital, filled and supplied with sick Persons deemed or called incurable, it should be lawful for them to cause any Number of the said Beds or Wards to be filled and made use of in like Manner, and with like Patients, as the Beds in the Hospital of St. Thomas are ordinarily used for; all which Patients so to be received and taken in from time to time into the said intended Hospital as in curable or otherwise, he hath declared his Mind to be, that his said Executors and Trustees should provide in all Things, as near as might be, according to the Course, Customs and Usage of late Years'

prevailing and practised in the said present Hospital of St. Thomas; and he hath thereby further declared his Mind and Will to be, and for the better and more regular Disposition and Management of the Af 4 fairs and Business of the said intended Hospital, and for perpetuating the Charity thereby intended, and the Provision for the same, he hath thereby ordered and appointed, and earnestly desired and entreated his said Executors and Trustees, forthwith after his Decease, by humble Application to his Majesty, or to the Legislature, to endeavour to obtain Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or an af of Parliament, in corporating his said Executors and last named Trustees, together with Mr. Benjamin Braine, Senior,

4 Mr. Thomas Clarke, William Cole, Esquire, Doctor Thomas Crow, Doctor Francis Fauquier, Mr. Joshua Gee, Mr. Matthew Howard, Dr. Edward Hulfe, Mr. Samuel Lessingham, Mr. Henry Lovell, Mr. Samuel Monk, Mr. Joseph Paice, Senior, Mr. Daniel Powle, Mr Thomas Styles, Senior, and also Robert Atwood,

Robert Bristow and Jonathan Blackwell, Esquires, Mr. James Brooks, Deputy Richard Chauncey, Richard Chiswell, Esquire, Deputy John Carbonnel, William Dawson and Richard Ducane, Esquires, Sir Peter Eaton and Sir Nathaniel Gould, Knights, Thomas Gearing and Peter Godfrey, Esquires, Mr. Nathaniel Garland, Mr. John Gunston, Edmond Halsey, Esquire, Mr. Henry Hankey, Mr. Thomas Hucks, Mr. William King, Mx. James Lamb, Mr. James Leaver, Mr. Perched Lewis, Captain Daniel Locke, John Lon don, Esquire^Malyn, Junior, and Nathaniel Micklethwaite, Esquires, Mr. Samuel Mayo, Mr.

Thomas Martin, Mr. Francis Moult, Mr. Josiah Nicholson, Mr. Nathaniel Newnham, Jeremia Sambrooke,

Esquire, Mr. Samuel Sheafe, John Smith, Esquire, Sir John Tap, Knight, Peter Theobalds, Esquire, and 4 Mr. James Townjlocnd, of Cheapfsde (the said Gentlemen being then all Governors of the present Hospi tal of St. Thomas) or so many of the said Gentlemen, as should be living at the Time of procuring such intended Corporation, and willing to become Members thereof, and so many other Gentlemen, Governors, or reputed Governors of the present Hospital of St. Thomas, or others, by his said Executors,

or the major Part of them to be appointed, as together with his said Executors and other the Gentle men above named, shall make up the Number of fifty at the least, and not exceed sixty, and their Successors, in Manner by such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament directed and expressed, to be from

time to time elected and admitted Members of such intended Corporation, into one distinct and fepa rate Body Politic or Corporate, with perpetual Succcftion, for the better managing and governing of the said intended Hospital, and for the better settling and applying the said Residue of his Estate for such Uses as aforesaid, and for such other and further Uses as are therein after appointed, with a Pre fident and Treasurer, and such other Officers of the said intended Corporation, as by his said Execu tors should be thought necessary or convenient in such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament to be named and appointed, and in Manner therein directed, to be from time to time for ever thereafter successively into such respashve Offices elected and admitted, by such Name or Names, as to his Majesty cr the Legislature should seem proper, and by such Name or Names to have perpetual Succession, with Power to have and use a separate and dillindl Common Seal for the necessary Affairs of the said intended Corporation, and with Power by such Name or Names as aforesaid, to have, hold, take, enjoy, alien,

transfer, and dispose of the said thereby before devised residuary Part of his Estate, and therewith or with any Part thereof, to purchase, take and enjoy Messuages, Lands, Tenements, fee-farm Rents,

or other Estates of Inheritance, for Perpetuity or otherwise, and to the Value of the said residuary Part of his Estate, or to such further or other yearly Value, as to his said Majesty or the Legislature should seem convenient, and with Power and Capacity in Law to sue and be sued, to implead and be im pleaded, answer and be ar.fwered unto by such Name or Names as aforesaid, in any Court or Courts

of Record, or elsewhere, and with such other Powers, Privileges and Capacities in Law, as to his Majesty or the Legislature should seem meet to be granted; and declared his Mind and Will to be, and furl there desired his said Executors and last named Trustees, by such humble Application as aforesaid, to his Majesty or the Legislature, to endeavour to obtain and procure that by such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament as aforesaid, a Committee be appointed of one and twenty of the Members of such intended Corporation, for the more conftnnt and ordinary Management and Application of the said residuary Part of his Estate, and of the Charity thereby intended, to which Committee, or to such Number of them as should be thought convenient, when convened and assembled, by and with the President and

D. 1724: Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 12. 525

Treasurer of the said intended Corporation, or one of them, he hath declared his Will and Desire to ' be, That his said Executors and Trustees, by such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament as aforesaid,

endeavour to have granted and appointed such Powers as may enable them in the moffc effectual Manner to manage, settle, and apply the said residuary Part of his Estate, and the Rents, interests. Dividends,

or other Profits or Produce thereof, to such Uses as by his said Laid Will are directed and appointed;

and that by such Letters Patent or act of Parliament it might be provided that I'even of the said Committee of one and twenty, or one third Part thereof at the leaid, may yearly and every Year go out of

and be excluded their respective Places, as members of the said Committee, by the Appointment of a ' General Court or Assembly of the Members of the said intended Corporation, to be assembled and con

by the President or Treasurer of such intended Corporation, yearly and every Year, at a Time or Times in such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament to be appointed; and that for that Purpose at such General Court or assembly as aforesaid, fourteen of the Members of the said Committee, for the Year next preceding such General Court or Assembly, be firfd eledded and chosen Members of the said Committee for the Year then next ensuing, and seven other Persons out of fourteen of the Members of the said intended Corporation, who were not Members of the said Committee for the Year then next

preceding, to be firfd nominated by the said Committee for the Year next preceding, be by and at such General Court and Assembly as aforesaid, eledded and appointed Members of the said Committee for the Year then next ensuing such Eleddion; and that in and by such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament

it be further provided and appointed, that the Management and Accounts of the said Committee of one and twenty, be from time to time subject to the Approbation or Disallowance of a General Court or Assembly of the Members or Governors of such intended Corporation, to be from time to time convened and summoned by proper and convenient Notice, by the President or Treasurer of such intended Corporation for the Time being; and did further declare his Mind, Will and Desire to be, that his Executors, by like humble Application as aforesaid, should endeavour to procure and obtain, that by such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament as aforesaid, the said Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, be appointed the field President of the said Intended Corporation, and the said Charles Joy, Esquire, the first Treasurer thereof, and the said William Clayton, Esquire, Mr. Thomas Hollis, Senior, John Kenrick and John Lade,

Esquires, Doddor Richard Mead, Moses Raper, Esquire, and Mr. John Sprint, and the said Mr. Benjamin Braine, Senior, Mr. Thomas Clark, William Cole, Esquire, Doddor Thomas Crow, Doddor Francis Fauquier,

4 Mr. Joshua Gee, Mr. Matthew Howard, Doddor Edward Hulfe, Mr. Samuel lejjingham, Mr. Henry L veil,

4 Mr. "Samuel Monk, Mr. Joseph Paice, Mr. Daniel Powle, and Mr. Thomas Styles, be appointed the field

Members of the said therein before mentioned and intended Committee, for the more constant and or dinary Management of the said residuary Part of his Eldate, and Charity thereby intended; or in case of the Death of any of the Gentlemen laid above named, or their Refusal to accept of the respective £ Trusts thereby intended, as President, Treasurer, or Members of the said Committee, then such other

fit and able Persons to be named and appointed by his said Executors, to be President, Treasurer, and Members of the said Committee, making up the said Number of one and twenty; and that by such Letters Patent or Act of Parliament as aforesaid, it be provided and granted, that the future Elections of the President and Treasurer of the said intended Corporation, and also the Election of the Physicians and Surgeons, and of the Register, or Clerk and Solicitor, and of the Chaplain to be employed in and about the Charity thereby intended, be referred to and reserved for the Members and Governors of tie said intended Corporation, or the major Part of them in general Court assembled as aforesaid, as also

Removal, Displacing and Filling up; and that the Offices of the Apothecary, Steward, Matron,

Cook, Sisters, and all other Officers to be employed in and about the said intended Hospital and Charity, be referred to the Election of the said intended Committee and their Successors, and by them,

and at their Pleasure to be altered, and the respective Officers to be removed, displuced, supplied and

filled up; and he the said Testator hath hereby declared his Mind and Will further to be, that as soon as such intended Corporation can be obtained and take Effect, his said Executors do forthwith pay, assign,

transfer and in due Form of Law, convey and make over all the said residuary Part of his Estate therein

before deviled to them, or so much thereof as should not have been applied and expended in and about

the Execution of his said Will, to and for the Uses thereby directed and appointed, subject to the Payment of the several Annuities therein before devised, to the said thereby intended Corporation and their Successors, upon the Trusts, and to be by them applied, from time to time, to and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are in his said Will for that Purpose fliredted and appointed; and has declared his Will further to be, that the said President, Treasurer, Committee, and Governors intended to be incorporated as aforesaid, do as soon as the same can be done conveniently, lay out of the Surplus of the said residuary Part of his Personal Estate, or so much thereof, as shall not be expended in building, furnishing, and sit

up the said two Squares of Building, or other the necessary Charges and Disbursements for such Purposes in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Ground rents, fee-farm Rents, or other Estates of Inheritance, or the Reversion thereof in fee simple, to the Intent that the yearly and other Rents and Profits of such Purchases, together with the Rents and Profits of the said Residuary Part of his Real Estate, be from time to time applied to, and become a perpetual Provision for the Maintenance and Cure of such poor sick Persons as are to be received into, and entertained in the said intended Hospital,

and for defraying and answering all other the constant necessary Charges and Expenses in and about the same; and that until the said residuary Part of his Personal Estate shall belaid out in Purchases as aforesaid, the Interest, Dividends, and other Income or Profits thereof, be from time to time, applied to such Purposes as are before appointed for the Application of the Rents and Profits of such Purchases; and

he hath declared his Mind and Will further to be, that if it shall appear to the President, freasurer

and

526 C 13 — 13. Anno randedmo ge.orgii Regis. A.D. 17.24.

and Governors, to be incorporated as aforesaid, that the yearly and other Rents apd Profits of the said residuary Part of his real Estate, and of the Lands, Messuages, or othqr Estates, to be purchased as aforesaid, shall be more than sufficient to provide for, and answer the Maintenance and Cure of such poor fipk persons, as are thereby directed to be received into, and entertained in the said two new Squares 6 of Building, and other necessary Charges and Expenses upon or about the said intended Hospital, it should be lawful for the said President, Treasurer, and Governors, incorporated as aforesaid, in General Court to be assembled, and convened as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, to lay out, expend and apply, or direct and empower the said Committee to lay out, expend and apply, such Surplus of the Rents and Profits of the said residuary Part of his Real Estate, and of other the messuages, Lands,

and other Estates, to be purchased as aforesaid, to and for the Relief of such other poor sick Persons,

or such other proper Gbjects of Companion, as from Time to Time, to the said President, Treasurer and Governors incorporated as aforesaid, should appear most worthy and deserving of Pity and Relief,

or for such other public and charitable Uses and Purposes, as they should think convenient, as in and by the said lad Will and Testament, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the said recited last Will and Testament of the said Thomas Guy, deceased, hath been since duly proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and the Administration thereof committed on their Application for that Purpose, under the Seal of that Court, to the said above named Charles Joy, "John Lade and John Kenrick, Esquires; and whereas the said Charity deserveth to be promoted and encouraged,

and will greatly tend to the Honour and Good of the Public, and the good and generous Intentions of the said Testator cannot be so well and fully effected as by an Act of Parliament; and therefore for the promoting, establishing, making good and effectual the said pious and charitable Intentions of the said above named Testator, in his said last Will expressed May it please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Petition of your majesty's most dutiful Subjects, the said Sir Gregory Page, Charles Joy, William Clayton, Thomas Hollis, John Kenrick, John Lade, Doctor Richard Aiead, A'lojes Raper and John Sprint, Executors of the said above recited "last Will and Testament of the said Thomas Guy, deceased, that it may enacted, cpr.

The Governors in Thomas Guy esquire's Law Will constituted to be a Body Corporate, and have a Common Seal, and enabled to hold the Estate of Thomas Guy, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital; may sue and be sued. There shall be one President and Treasurer, and twenty-one Committees. The President and Treasurer to continue till their Deaths or Removals. New ones to be elected by a general Court within 4.0 Days. The Committees above named to continue till the second of November next, and for a Year after. Committees to be chosen annually, whereof seven to be new ones. If any Sale of Lands, Lfc. be made by the Corporation, the same to be laid out in some other Purchase. At a full Court new Governors may be elected, but not to exceed sixty. If the Governors at any Time shall not amount to forty, the Lord Chancellor, Lfc. to nominate fit Persons to make up the Number to fifty. They may make Bylaws. President or Treasurer to have Voices at Courts, and on Equality of Votes, a calling Voice, Physicians, to be chosen by a General Court. All the Estate Real and Personal vested in the President and Governors. The Terms and other Securities veiled in John Lade, still to subsist in trust for the Corporation. Executors to state their accounts, and Jay them before a full Court, Lfc. President and Governors may set up a Monument for Thomas Guy, Esquire."

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

PR.

The Tolls took Place from 1 May 1725. and to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Pari Hi of Foulmire in the said County next to Barley in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in

Trumpington jlrect, in the Town of Cambridge.

PR.

The Tolls took Place from 1 May 1725. to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, an Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Seven oaks to Woods gate and Tunbridge wells, in the County c/kent; and for explaining and making more effectual the same Act; and for amending (our of the Tolls and Duties arising by the said Act, and this present Act) the Highways leading from Woods gate aforesaid, to Kippings crcfs in the Parish of Brenchly, in the said County of Kent. PR. J

8 Ann. C 12. is continued from 24 June 1725. for 21 Years. [Continued by 14 Geo. 2. c. 12.

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 16, 17. 527

CAP. XVI.

An Act for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton in the County of Cumberland.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of her 4*5 Anr.=>

late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Pier anel Harbour of Parton, in e. i3.

the County of Cumberland, a Duty was laid upon all Coals shipt or put on hoard any Ship or Vessel in

the said Pier and Harbour of Parton, for the 'Perm of eleven Years, for and towards enlarging, dtep ning, cleansing, maintaining and repairing the fr.id Pier and Harbour: And whereas ibe Term for which the said Duties Were granted, is since expired, and several of the Trustees, who were appointed by the said Act for putting the same in Execution, living remote, others very little concerned or irite relied in the Preservation of the said Harbour, and several others being dead, the Works of the said Harbour were neither built nor kept in Repair as they ought have to been, but have for some Years pall been wholly neglected, and are now become ruinous, to the great Damage of the Inhabitants there,

who had built Houses upon a Prospect of aconsiderable Trade in Exportation of Coals, and other the Pro ' duce of the Country, from the said Harbour, to the Loss of the Coal Trade, and of his Majesty's Cu ' Horns there For Remedy whereof, and for preventing the utter Loss of the said Harbour, Be it enacted, &c.

PR.

"Duties on Coal continued from 1 May 1725. for 15 Years. Farther continued from the Expiration of "this Term for 21 Years, by 5 Geo. 2. c. 13. An halfpenny Duty for every 192 Gallons of Coals laden "in the Harbour. The Bounds and Limits of the Harbour. 1 he Duties for all Goods landed at Par "viz. For every Hogshead of Tobacco threepence; for every Hogshead of Sugar sixpence; for "every Tun of Wine, Brandy or other exciseable Liquors two Shillings; for every Tonne of Hemp or "Flax eighteen Pence; for every hundred of Deals eight Pence; for every Lall of Pitch or Tar eight "Pence; for every eon of Iron one Shilling; for every Barrel of Herrings one Penny; for every Tonne "of Raft or other Timber fourpence; for every Pack of Linen containing two hundred Weight one "Shilling, to be paid by the Merchants. Tonnage to be paid by Mailers of Ships at their Arrival.

"After 15 Years one third of the Tonnage only to be paid. No Stones to be taken away from any "Rock within forty Yards of the West Side of the Pier. No Ballall or other Annoyance to be thrown "into the Harbour. Ships running foul on the Pier, Damage to be made good. Trustees to meet at lcall once a Year to audit Accounts, ts'e."

CAP. XVII.

An Act for redeeming the Annuities of twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, charged on the Civil List Revenues, by an Act of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; and for discharging the Debts and Arrears due from his Majesty to his Servants, Tradesmen, and others.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh 7 Geo. i.hst.vi 5 i.vjl Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding five hundred thou C 27.

sand Pounds, by charging Annuities' at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown, and for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by causing finch ' a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil List the Payments', which shall have been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery Tickets; and for discharging the Corporations for assurances of Part of the Money they were obliged to pay to his Majesty; for marking good a Deficiency to the East India Company, it was enacted, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty one, a certain yearly Fund, to be computed after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and upon all the Annuities to be purchased on the said Act, was and Should by Force and

Virtue of the said Act, be settled and established, and be payable in the Manner and Form therein ex

and declared, for satisfying and discharging the same Annuities, from Time to Time, until the same Should be redeemed by your Majesty, your Heirs, and.successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that the said yearly Fund was and Should be charged and chargeable upon,

and be payable out of all the Revenues, additional Revenues, Duties and Branches whatsoever, settled" or appointed for the Support of our majesty's Houshold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown,

as well those which are Hereditary, as those which were granted during your majesty's Life, and every

of them, for and during the whole Term of your majesty's Life, unless all the said Annuities Should sooner be completely redeemed, according to the Proviso and Power of Redemption therein contained in that Behalf; and iij case yf your majesty's Demise before the complete Redemption of all the said Annuities, then the said yearly Fund was thereby charged upon the said Hereditary Revenues, Duties and Branches and every of them, until the complete Redemption of all the said Annuities: And by the said act it was; enacted, That any Person or Persons might contribute, advance and pay to the Person, and in the Manner therein mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said Feast of the Nativity of Saifit John Bapiijl one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one,

to be paid and payable to 1'uch Contributor or Contributors, his, her or their Executors, Admini ftptors

4 or

528 C 18. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

or Assigns respectively, until the same Should be redeemed according to the Provisoes and Power of Re 4 demption therein after contained; which Annuities should he computed after the Rate of five Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be advanced or paid, and the same should be payable Quarterly, in Manner as therein is mentioned; and by the said

amongst diverse other Clauses and Things therein contained, it was enabled, That all the Moneys to be contributed on the said Add, should be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities should be attending, and that the same should be. transferrable at the Bank of England:

And it was thereby provided. That it should be lawful for your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, at any Time, upon one Quarter of a year's Notice, to be given in Manner as by the said Add is directed,

4 to redeem the said Annuities, and every of them, by paying to the then Proprietors of the same Annui

the Consideration or Purchase money, which was originally paid for the same, and all Arrearages of the said Annuities, which shall be incurred till the Time of such Payment to be made at the then next ensuing quarterly feast day; and that from and after such Payment made, or reserving Money in the Exchequer to make such Payment on Demand, then and not till then, the same Annuites and every of them, should from thenceforth cease and determine, and the said Revenues should be discharged of,

from and against the same: And to the End your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, might be enabled to reimburse yourself or themselves, such Sum and Sums of Money, as in Pursuance of the said Add should be issued out of the Civil List Revenues, for or towards Payment of the said Annuities, or for or towards the Redemption thereof, it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful for your Majesty, your hejrs and Successors, to cause a Deduddion to be made, not exceeding sixpence in the Pound, out of all Moneys which, from and after the first Day of au^uji one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, should be paid for and upon all Pensions and Annuities, charged upon any of the said Hereditary or Temporary Duties, and for and upon all Salaries, Sees and Wages, payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit, granted by or derived from the Crown, and for and upon all other Payments from the Crown whatsoever, or for or upon any Arrearages of them or any of them, incurred or to be incurred, (the Pay of Commission and Non commission Officers, and private Men serving in the Navy or Army, only and always excepted) the same Deduddions to be made for tlieufe of your Majesty,

your Heirs and Successors, for the Benefit of your or their Civil Government, so long as the said Annuities should, by Virtue of the said Add, be payable out of the Revenues charged there with as aforesaid, and un till the same Annuities should be redeemed pursuant to the said Act, as by the said Act, (amongst diverse other Clauses and Provisoes therein contained) relation being thereto had, more fully and at large it doth and may appear: And whereas in Pursuance of the said Act, the said whole Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds hath been advanced or contributed, and the Annuities attending thereon, and charged on the said Civil List Revenues, amount to the yearly Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds; and whereas the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, so contributed on the Credit of the said Act, was not sufficient for answering the Purposes intended by the said Act, by discharging all the Arrears then due to your Majesty's Servants, Tradesmen and others, by Means whereof, and of several extraordinary Expenses arisen since the making of the said, diverse Arrears of Salaries, Wages, Diet, Moneys and other Allow arices, and sundry Debts for Emptions, Provisions and other Causes, still! remain due to your majesty, Servants, Tradesmen and others, amounting to a very considerable Sum in the wholenow your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deeply fenfibie of the Blessings they enjoy under your majesty's wife and happy.government, and being desirous, not only that your Majesty may partake of the Benefit of the present happy State of the public Credit, but also that your Majesty, in the Administration of your Civil Government, may not remain under any Difficulties in respedd of the Arrears or Debts contradded as aforesaid, and being the refore desirous that a Sum not exceeding one million of Pounds Sterling, may be raised to enable your Majesty, as well to redeem the said Annuities of twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, as to discharge the said Debts and Arrears, do for that End and Purpose most humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be enacted, ts'e. EXP. See 12 Geo. J. C 2.

Treasury may issue new Exchequer bills, not exceeding 1,000, 000l. at 2d. per Diem Interest. Coun terfeiting these Bills is Felony. Contraddors to have one Part of the Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils, "to prevent Counterfeits. Treasury tocontradd with Persons to circulate these Bils at 31, per Centum per Annum. Contraddors after 24 June 1725. may diredd these Bills to carry a lower or higher Rate than 44 2 d. per Diem. So long as these Bills remain uncancelled, the Deduddion of 6d. per I. to continue. 44 These Exchequer bills charged thereon, and on the Civil List. The Sums blued out of the Civil List Revenue, about these Bills, to be deemed Part of the yearly Sum of 700, 000l. 500, 000l. to be applied for Redemption of the Annuities of 25, 000l. per Annum. At Michaelmas yearly. Exchequer to take an Account of all the Moneys received of the Deduddions of 6d. per I. ts'e. His Majesty by Letters pa- tent made before 24 Decern. 1725. may appoint a yearly Sum for an Annuity at 3l. per Centum, till re- deemed, His Majesty may diredd the Sum to be raised on that Credit, C

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order and Government of the said City.

WHEREAS of late Years great Controversies and distentions have arisen in the City of London at Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament, and of Mayors, Aldermen, Sheriffs and other >'4 Officers

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgi i Regis.

C 18. 529

Officers of the aid City, and many evil minded Persons, having no Right of voting, have unlawfully intruded themselves into the Alfemhlics of the Citizens, and p re fumed to give their Votes at such Elections, in manifest Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Citizens, and of the I'iccdom of their Elections, and to the Disturbance of the Public Peace: And whereas great Numbers of wealthy persons, not free of the said City, do inhabit and carry on the Trade of Merchandise and other Employ ments, within the said City, and refuse or decline to become Freemen of the same, by reason of an an tient Custom within the said City, restraining the Freemen of the same from disposing of their Personal Estates by their last Wills and Teftnments: And whereas great Diffcntions have arisen between the Aldermen and Commons of the Common Council of London, in or concerning the making or parting of Adds, Orders or Ordinances in Common Council, which if not timely settled and determined, may oc carton great Obstructions of the Public Business and Concerns of the said City, and create many CX ' pensive Controversies and Suits at Law, and be attended with other dangerous Consequences Now to the Intent that suitable Remedies may be provided for preferring the Privilege's of the City of London, and the Freedom of Elections therein, and for settling the Right of such Elections, and putting a Step; to the aforesaid Controversies and Dissensions, and the ill Consequences of the same, and that a constant Supply may be had of able Officers, capable of supporting the Dignity of and maintaining good Order and io vernment within that ancient, populous, and loyal City, which is of the grentest Confiquence to the whole Kingdom; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at all Times, from and after the first Day of 'june in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, upon every Election of a Citizen or Citizens to serve for the said City of London in Parliament, and upon all Elections of Mayors, Sheriffs, Chamberlains, bridge mailers, Auditors of Chamberlains and bridge mailers Accounts, and all and every other Officer and Officers to be chosen in and for the said City, by the Liverymen thereof, and upon all Elections of Aldermen and Common Council men chosen at the respective Wardmotes of the said City, the presiding Officer or Officers at such Elections hall, in case a Poll be demanded bj any of the Candidates, or any two or more of the Electors, appoint a convenient Number of Clerks to take the same, which Clerks hall take the said Poll in the Presence of the presiding Officer or Officers, and be sworn by such Officer or Officers truly and indifferently to take the same, and to set down the Name of each Voter, and his Place of Residence or Aboad, and for whom he shall Poll, and to poll no Person who shall not be sworn, or being a Quaker, shall not affirm according to the Direction of this Act: And every Person before he is admitted to poll at any Election of any Citizen or Citizens to serve in Parliament, or of any Officer or Officers usually chosen by the Liverymen of the said City as aforesaid, shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, or being one of the People called Quakers, shall solemnly affirm the Effect thereof, that is to say,

"KT O U do swear, That you are a Freeman of London, and a Liveryman of the Company of Lirerym*. e X and have so been for the Space of twelve Calendar. Months; and that the 1 t 'ecu*

Place of your Abode is at in and that you have not polled at this Election.'

So help you God.

And in case of any Election of any Alderman or Common council man, every Person before he is admitted to poll, hall take the Oath herein after mentioned, or being one of the People called Quakers,

hall solemnly affirm the Effect thereof, that is to say,

On ail Elect ni by the Lively Men, and at the v/aidnv>tcs, he siding Officer to appoint a convenin' Number of c'eiks to take the Poll, C

None to be polled who is not sworn.

YO

U do swear. That you are a Freeman of London, and an Housholder in the Ward of

and have not polled at this Election.' So help you God.

And if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to take the Oaths hereby respectively appointed to be taken, or being a Quaker shall refuse or neglect to make such solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Poll or Vote of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusingshall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, and as such shall berejedted and disallowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Times from and after the said first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, upon every Election of such Citizen or Citizens, Officer or Officers, by the Liverymen of the said City, and upon every Election of such Officer or Officers at any Wardmote of the said City as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons having a Right to vote or poll at such Election or Elections, hall before he be admitted to vote or poll thereat (if required by any of the Candidates, or any two or more of the Electors) first take the Oaths in and by an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princes Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguifnng the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abetters, appointed to be taken, or being one of the People called Quakers, shall if required as aforesaid, solemnly affirm the Effect thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall, being required thereunto as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take the said Oaths by the said Act appointed to be taken, or to affirm the Effect thereof as aforesaid, That then the Poll or Vote of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall he, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, and as such shall he rejected and disallowed; the presiding Officers at all and every the respective Elections aforesaid, and such sworn Clerks as shall be by them appointed, are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer the

Vol. y y above

Oath at Wardmotes.

On Refusa! to swear, Poll to be rejected.

The Oath i Geo. to be taken, if requir'd.

1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. c. 13.

Presiding Officer and sworn Clerk to adrnioifler the Oaths, on Penalty of 6ol,

Penalty on falsely taking the Oaths or suborning.

Presiding Officer how to a, if a Poll be demanded.

When the Poll to be finished, C

If a Scrutiny he demanded. Scrutineers not to exceed six on each Side,

Scrutinies when to begin, and whin finished, on Eletfion by Liverymen.

Scrutinies on Elections at Wardmotes,

True Copies of the Objections against the Pollers,

Penalty 200l. with Costs

A true List to be given of the Voters disallowed.

Mayor to issue Precepts to the Companies to bring in Lists,

C 18. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724. 1

abovementioned Oaths and Affirmations; and if any such presiding Officer or Officers, sworn Clerk or Clerks, shall neglect or refuse so to do, or shall otherwise offend in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Officer and sworn Clerk shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of sixty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, besides Costs of Suit.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, falsely and corruptly take the said Oaths or Affirmations set forth and appointed in and by this Act, or either of them, and be thereof lawfully convicted by Indictment or Information, or if any Person or Persons shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to take the said Oaths or Affirmations or either of them, whereby he hall wilfully and falsely take the said Oaths or Affirmations or either of them, and the Person so procuring or suborning shall be thereof convicted by Indictment or Information; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury at the common-law are liable unto.

IV. And to the Intent that the Poll at every such Election may be expeditiously and duly taken; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if a Poll shall be demanded at any of the Elections before mentioned, after the said first Day of 'june in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the presiding Officer or Officers at such Election shall begin such Poll the Day the same shall be demanded, or the next Day following at the furthest, unless the lame shall happen on a Sunday, and then on the next Day after, and shall duly and orderly proceed thereon from Day today (Sundays excepted) until such Poll be finished, and shall finish the Poll at Elections by the Liverymen within seven Days, exclusive of Sundays, and the Poll at the Wardmote within three Days, exclusive of Sunday, after the commencing the same respectively, and shall upon adjourning the Poll on each Day, at all and every the Elections aforesaid, seal up the Poll books with the Seals, and in the Presence of such of the respective Candidates, or Persons deputed by them, as shall desire the same, and the said Poll book shall not be opened again but at the Time and Place of Meeting, in Pursuance of such Adjournment; and after the said Poll is finished, the said Poll books, being sealed as aforesaid, shall within two Days after be publicly opened at the Place of Election, and be duly and truly caff up, and within two Days after such casting up, the Numbers of the Votes or Polls for each Candidate shall be truly, fairly and publicly declared to the Electors at the Place of Election, by the Officer or Officers presiding at such Election; and if a Scrutiny shall, upon such Declaration made, be lawfully demanded, the same shall be granted and proceeded upon, and the respective Candidates shall; immediately nominate to the presiding Officer or Officers at such Elections, any Number of Persons qualified to vote at such Election, not exceeding six, to be Scrutineers for and on Behalf of the Candidate or Candidates on each Side, to whom the presiding Officer or Officers at such Election shall, within six Days next after such Scrutiny shall be demanded, upon Request and at the Charge of the Candidate or Candidates, or any the Scrutineers on his or their Behalfs, deliver or cause to be delivered to him or them a true Copy, signed by such Officer or Officers, of the Poll taken at such Election; and all and every the Scrutinies to be had or taken upon any Election to be made by the Liverymen of the said City, shall begin within ten. Days after the Delivery of the Copies of the said Polls, 'and be proceeded on Day by Day [Sundays excepted) and shall he finished within fifteen Days after the Commencement of such Scrutiny; and thereupon the presiding Officer or Officers shall, within four Days after the finifning such Scrutiny, publicly declare at the Place of such Election, which of the Candidates is or are duly elected, and the Number of legal Votes for each Candidate appearing to him or them upon such Scrutiny; and on the Election of any Officer or Officers at the respective Wardmotes of the said City, if a Scrutiny be demanded, the Candidates, or Scrutineers nominated on their Behalfs respectively shall, within ten Days next after the Receipt of the Copy or Copies of the Polls taken at such Election, deliver or cause to be delivered to the presiding Officer or Officers, the Names, in Writing of the several Persons who have polled in the said Election, against whose Votes they ball object, with the particular Objections against each respective Name; and the presiding Officer or Officers shall thereupon, within three Days then next following, at the Request and Charges of any Candidate or Candidates, or the Scrutineers named on his or their Behalfs, deliver or cause to be delivered to him or them, one or more true Copy or Copies (signed as aforesaid) of the Paper containing such Names and Objections as aforesaid; the said presiding Officer or Officers, within ten Days then next following (exclusive of Sundays) after having fully heard such of the said Candidates as shall desire the same, or some Person appointed by him or them, touching such Objections, shall, at or in the Place of Election, openly and publicly declare which of the said Candidates is or are duly elected, and the Number of legal Votes for each Candidate appearing to him or them upon such Scrutiny; and if the said presiding Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons shall offend in the Premises, every such Offender shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, with full Costs of Suit, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Election made, and Scrutiny taken, as is herein before provided and directed, the presiding Officer or Officers at such Election and Scrutiny shall deliver, under his or their Stand or Hands, a true List of the Voters by him or them disallowed upon such Scrutiny, to any of the Candidates who shall, 'upon the final Declaration of the Election as aforesaid, demand the same within six Days after such Demand made, such Candidate paying for the same: Provided always, That no such List as is hereby directed to be given, nor anything the rein, contained, shall be admitted to be given in Evidence on any Action or Occasion whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, upon Request to him made, by any Candidate or Candidates, his or their Agent or Agents, at any Election of a Citizen or Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, or of a Mayor,

3 or

C 18. 531

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis.

or any other Officer or Officers to be ciiofen by the Liverymen thereof, where a Scrutiny is demanded and granted, bull issue his Precepts, as has been ufua], requiring the Mailers and Waidcns of the Livery Companies of the said City respectively, to cause their Clerks forthwith to return to him two true Lists of all the Liverymen of their respective Companies; and the said Clerks hall return such their respective Ivifts upon Oath within three Days after the Receipt of any such Precepts, one of which Lifts so returned the said Mayor shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Candidate or Candidates on each Side at such Election, or to his or their Agent or Agents respectively.

VII. And whereas diverse Controversies and Disputes have arisen in the said City of London touching Elcflion of ai 1 the Right of Election of Aldermen and Common council men for the respective Wards of the said di: rmen lnj City; 'For quieting all such Disputes and Controversies for the future, It is hereby further enacted by be by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one Freemen psy.ng thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the Right of Election of Aldermen and Common council men Scotland Lot, for the several and respective Wards of the said City shall belong and appertain to Freemen of the said

of London, being Moufholders, paying Scot as herein after is mentioned and provided, and bearing Lot, when required, in their several and respective Wards, and to none other whatsoever.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That the Houses of such Hoafholdeis be respectively of the true and real atl,] rot. Value of ten Pounds a Year at the leaf!; and that such Houftiolders be respectively the foie Occupiers !'cr Aan' Rent' of such Houses, and have been actually in the Possession respectively of a House of such Value in the

Ward wherein the Election is made, by the Space of twelve Calendar Months next before such Election.

IX. Provided also, and for the better ascertaining what are the Rates and Taxes to which such Housholders ought to contribute and pay their Scot, the same are hereby declared and enacted to be a Rate to the Church, to the Poor, to the Scavenger, to the Orphans, and to the Rates in lieu of or for the Watch and Ward, and to such other annual Rates, as the Citizens of London, inhabiting the rein, shall hereafter be liable unto, other than and except annual Aids granted or to be granted by Parliament;

The Scot ascertained.

X [Provided al ways, That such Housholder, within the Space aforesaid, shall have been rated or ti is omitted on charged, and contributed or paid his Scot to all and singular the Rates and Taxes (other than and exceptlhc ro11 annual Aids granted by Parliament) whereunto the Citizens of London, inhabiting the rein, are or shall be liable, or shall have paid in the whole to the said Rates and Taxes, or some of them, except as aforesaid, thirty Shilings a Year at leaf!; ] and in case any two or more Partners carry on a joint Trade in partnersintrals any such House together, and shall have been Housholders of such House by such Space of Time as afore vnv0, e']eacil laid, such Partners hall, paying their Scot in Manner aforesaid, and bearing their respective proper Lots, an^rent^if required, have Votes at the Elections aforesaid; as such House, wherein such Partners carry on their Trade, be of the true and real yearly Value of as many respective Sums of ten Pounds a Year, computed together, as there are Partners.

XI. Provided also, That where two Persons and no more, not being Partners, shall have by the Space T inhabiting aforesaid severally inhabited in the same House, such two Persons severally paying their Scots, and bear the fam? House, ing their respective Lots as aforesaid, shall have Votes, at the Elections aforesaid; so as such House, loh'^e/0' wherein such two Persons inhabit, be of the true and real yearly Value of twenty Pounds or upwards, Ann. Rent, iruy and that each of the said Persons doth pay the yearly Rent of ten Pounds at the lead for his respective vote.

Part of such House.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he confcrued to extend, to What Persons oblige any Person or Persons to pay any Scot or bear any Lot, from the doing of which they are or shall exempted from be exempted and discharged by Act of Parliament, Charter or Writ of Privilege; but that such Person and Lot and Persons so exempted and discharged shall and may vote at any Election of any Alderman, Common 1"' Council man or other Officer usually chosen at the Wardmotes of the said City, notwithstanding he or they shall not have born such Lot, or paid such Scot, in such Manner as he or they should or might have done, in case this Act had not been made, and no otherwise.

XIII. And to the Intent that the Citizens and Inhabitants of London may have a proper Remedy and Complainant Relief in case they, or any of them, ball be aggrieved by any Tax, Rate or aftehment made in or for"l-"' l'n'n- the said City, or by any Misbehaviour of any Officer in relation thereto, or to the collecting the same;

Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, who from and after the said first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five shall be aggrieved by any of the act eitments that shall or may be made in or for the said City, towards Payment of the Rate or 'Fax for the Orphans, and also to the Rate or Tax

in lieu of or for keeping Watch and Ward in the said City, or by any Breach or Neglect of Duty committed by any Officer concerning the same, to appeal in respect thereof to the Mayor and Court of Aldermen of London; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Person or Persons, in case he or or to the proper they shall be in any wise aggrieved by any other Rate or assessment that shall be made in or for the said officer

City, or any the Wards, Precincts, Parishes or Inhabitants of the same, or by any Breach or Neglect of Duty committed by any Officer relating thereto, to appeal to the proper Persons unto whom by Law such Appeal lies; and the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and the said other Persons to whom such Ap whose determi peal shall be lawfully made respectively, shall and may hear and finally determine the Matter so com aat'°n stall be plained of, and correct and settle the said Rates., ina'

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after Persons excluded the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty fiye, have any Right or Title to vote from voting.

Y y y 2 at

about aflcfl nients imj\appealtothe Mayor and Aldermen,

C i 8.

Anno undecimo Georgii Rems.

A.D. 1724.

Mayor and Aldermen to have a Negative in passing als, C

fonal Estate as they think fit,

at any Election of a Citizen or Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, or of any Mayor or other Officer or Officers to be chosen by the Liverymen thereof, who have not been upon the Livery by the Space of twelve Calendar Months before fuel) Election, and who shall not have paid their respective Livery Fines, or who having paid the same shall have received such Fines back again in Part or in all, or shall have had any Allowance in respect thereof; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall have any Right to vote at any Election of a Citizen or Citizens to serve in Parliament, or of any Mayor, aider man, or other Officer or Officers of or for the said City, or any the Wards or Precincts thereof, who have at any Time within the Space of two Years next before such Election or Elections requested to be, and accordingly have been discharged from paying to the Rates and Taxes to which the Citizens of London, inhabiting the rein, are or shall be liable as aforesaid, or any of them, or have within the Time aforesaid had or received any Alms whatsoever; and the Vote of every such Person shall be void.

XV. And to the Intent that a final End may be put to all Disputes between the Mayor and aider men and the Commons of the Common Council of the said City, touching the making or passing of Acts, Orders or Ordinances in Common Council, and that no Act, Order or Ordinance may for the future be as also the Com made or parted in Common Council without the full Consent of the representative Body of the said City, mons. Rep. according to the ancient Constitution of the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act, j9 Geo. a. C 8. Order or Ordinance whatsoever, at any Time from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, shall be made or passed in the Common Council of the said City without the Artent of the Mayor and Aldermen present at such Common Council, or the major Part of them, nor without the Assent of the Commons present at such Common Council, or the major Part of them.

Ixcrption.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Election, Nomination or Appointment in Common Council of any Common Sergeant, Town clerk, Judges of the Sheriffs Court, Coroner, Common Crier, Commissioners of Sewers, Garbler, and the Governor and Assistants of London of the new Plantation of Ulster in Ireland', but that the Election. or Appointment of all or any of the said Officers shall and may, from and after the said first of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be made by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, or the major Part of them; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

What Freemen

XVII. And to the Intent that Persons of Wealth and Ability, who exercise the Business of merchan madeafter 1 June anft other laudable Employments within the said City, may not be discouraged from becoming free

pose of thefr leer t^le same > by reason of the Custom restraining the Citizens and Freemen thereof from disposing of their Personal Estates by their Last Wills and Testaments; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons who shall, at any Time from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be made or become free of the said City, and also to and for all and every Person and Persons who are already free of the said City, and on the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five shall be unmarried, and not have ifl ue by any former Marriage, to give, devise, will and dispose of his and their Personal Effate and Estates, to such Person and Persons, and to such Use and Uses, as he or they shall think fit, any Custom or Usage of or in the said City, or any Bylaw or Ordinance made or observed within the same, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Xxceptisn. xviii. Provided nevertheless, That in Case any Person, who shall at any Time or Times from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five become free of the said City, and any Person or Persons who are already free of the said City, and on the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five shall be unmarried, and not have Issue by any former Marriage, hath agreed or shall agree by any Writing under his Hand, upon or in Consideration of his Marriage, or otherwise, that his Personal Estate shall be subject to, or be distributed or distributable according to the Custom of the City of Lotidon; and In Case any Person so free, or becoming free as aforesaid, shall die inteftite; in every such Case the Personal Estate of such Person so making such Agreement, or so dying intestate, shall be subject to, and be distributed and distributable according to the Custom of the said City; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That there shall, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be omitted and left out of the Oath of a Freeman of the said City, the Words following, that is to say, Te shall know no Foreigner to buy or sell any Merchandise with any other Foreigner within the said City or the Franchise thereof but ye shall warn the Chamberlain thereof, or same mi nifier of the Chamber; and also these Words following, that is to say, Ye shall implead or fie no Freeman' out of the City, whilst ye may have Right and Law within the sane City, and after these Words, Ye shall take no apprentice, the Words immediately following shall also be omitted, that is to say, But if he be free lorn, that is to say, no bondsman's Son, nor the Child of any Alien; and for no, and instead thereof these Word, For ary, shall be inferred in the said Oath.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Forfeitures hereby enacted or inflicted shall be distributed in Manner following, that is to say, One third Part thereof to the King's rr.oft Excellent Majesty; one other third Part thereof to the Chamberlain of the said City, to the Use of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the said City; and the remaining third Part thereof to him or them that will lue for the same within six Calendar Months next after the same shall be incurred; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint r Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin. Privilege, Protedllon or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

Words to be omitted in the Oath of a Freeman,

forfeitures, how to be distributed.

A.D. 1724. Anno undeciing Georgii Regis. C ig — 22. 533

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall in all Courts and Places rublick AO. be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices and Courts whatsoever without Specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the Parliament held in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable.

PR.

Two Clauses in the Act !2 Ann. Stat. 2. C. 7. a private Act, repealed. Commissioners to meet on 13 July 1725, at Northampton, to contrast with Persons for making the River Nine navigable. If Commissioners break up without Adjournment, &c. Custos Rotulorum in Com' Northampton to appoint the Time and Place of Meeting. Powers in the former Act continued. Not to prejudice the waterworks at Nun mills.

CAP. XX.

An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglefwaile, in the County of Bedford, to Eagden, and through Alconberry, to the Top of Alconberry hill, or Cross Poll leading into Sautery lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the Said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from cross ilall in Eaton Sokon, in the Said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton common, in the Said County of Huntingdon.

PR.

The Toll granted by this Act took Place from the first of May 1723, to continue for 21 Years, tinued by 9 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors

EXP.

Con

Sheriff or Gaoler to make an Alphabetical List of his Prisoners on 29 Sept. 1724, &c. To be kept by the Clerk of the Peace. The Persons in such Lists on their Petition and Oath to be discharged. Prisoner to deliver in a Schedule of his whole Estate, &c. to Quarter sessions. Clerk of the Peace to keep the Shedule. Prisoners Effects vested in him to be assigned over to the Creditors, &c. Notice to be Served upon the Creditors 30 Days before Quarter sessions, and inserted in the London Gazette. All Requisites performed by the Prisoner, Quarter sessions to discharge him. Prisoner discharged, hereafter imprisoned, on shewing the Duplicate to be released, &c. notwithstanding Discharge, Judgments good against Lands, &c. May plead generally against any Scire facias, &c. in Discharge of his Person from Execution. No Advantage, if Discharge be not obtained before z6 March 1726. Not to extend to Scotland. Keeper to permit any Person to speak with Prisoners whose Names are in the Gazette, &c. Prisoners not declaring the Trade and Habitation of the Persons at whose Suit they are detained, &c. uncapable of the Be nefit of this Act. Debtors only for Fees, not exceeding 40*. discharged, Debts to the Crown, and 100l. to any one Person, not discharged.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to prevent Violences and Outrages being committed by any Persons under Pretence of Sheltering themselves from Debt, or any Process of Law, within the Hamlet of Wapping stepney, or elsewhere within the weekly Bills of Mortality.

WHEREAS it is notorious, That many evil disposed and wicked Persons have, in Defiance of S &9tv. 3.

yv the known Laws of this Realm and to the great Dishonour thereof, unlawfully assembled and e z7'

associated themselves in the Hamlet of jvapping stepncy, and Places adjacent in the County of Middlesex, 9Cn' c'

under Pretence of Sheltering themselves for Debt, and have committed great Violences and Outrages upon many of his Majesty's good Subjects, and by Force protested themselves and their wicked Ac

against Law and Justice: And whereas it is absolutely necessary that Provision Should be

made for effectually preventing such Violences and Outrages for the future, and for bringing all Often If any Person

in the Premises to more Speedy and exemplary justice may it therefore please your raoft Excel a, l>aljer lent Majesty, That it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and ham letofwar with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this presentparlia ping.stepnr V or merit assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Number of Persons, not less than three, within the week shall, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, within the Said Hamlet of ly Bills, (hotter Trapping stepney, or any other Place within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality of the Cities f themselvi['[jj London and Westminster, wherein Persons shall unlawfully assemble and associate for the Sheltering them p^fentment Selves from their Debrs, of which Complaint shall have been made by a Presentment of the Grand Jury hath been made at a General or Quarter sessions of the proper County, knowingly and wilfully obstruct and oppose any by the Grand Person or Persons Serving, or endeavouring or attempting to Serve or execute any Writ or any Rule or L and stall Order of any Court of Law or Equity, or other legal Process whatsoever, and shall, in making such Obstruction

or Opposition, assault or abuse any Person or Persons Serving or executing any such Writ, Rule, Writ C'Order or Process, or for having so done, whereby any such Person or Persons shall receive any bodily tb?y 'ftisii b: Hurt; every Person so knowingly and wilfully offending in the Premises, being thereof lawfully con transportsd for

334 C 22. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

vifted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years to same or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in other Cases are by Law to be transported.

On Complaint

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said firffc Day at June one thousand to a Judge of the seven hundred and twenty-five, upon any Complaint or Complaints at any Time or Times to be made

Court cut of which the Writ issued, of such obstruction,

to a Judge of any Court, out of which the Writs or Process herein after mentioned shall issue, of such Obstruction and Opposition within the said Hamlet, or ejfwhere within the said Bills of Mortality, wherein Persons shall unlawfully assemble and act oeiate for the flickering themselves from their Debts, of which Complaint shall have been made by a Presentment of the Grand Jury at a General or Quarter sessions of the proper County, by any Person or Persons who hath or have or shall have any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money due or owing to him, her or them from any Person or Persons now being, or which shall hereafter be fhekered and reside within the said Hamlet of jvapping stepney, and Places adjacent, or elsewhere within the said Bills of Mortality, wherein Persons shall unlawfully assemble and associate for the fbeltering themselves from their Debts, of which Complaint shall have been made by a Presentment of the Grand Jury at a General or Quarter sessions of the proper County, such Creditor or Creditors having any legal Writ or Process taken out for prosecuting, recovering or levying and on Oath that any such Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, and making Oath before such Judge, that a Debt or the Debt exceed Debts, exceeding fifty Pounds, is or are justly due to him, her or them from the Person or Persons again!

whom such Complaint shall be made, and that such Creditor or Creditors verily believe, that such Person or Persons do then reside, and is or are flickered, within such Place or Places as shall in such Oath be particularly mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Judge, and he is hereby authorised and empowered, in all and every such Case and Cases (if he in his Discretion shall find it to be requisite)

4-1^4- *1. n C A 1* x1.. {^I. 71 AT A Al -.. I 4- 4> L i H «^w r

the Judge may issue his Order to the Sheriff to rise the Posse Comitatus.

to iilue his Order from time to time to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, or to the Sheriff of any other County into which the said Bills of Mortality do extend for the Time being, thereby strictly enjoining and respectively requiring him or them, his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, Officer or Officers, under such Penalty as by this Act is prescribed for nonperformance of his or their Duty therein, to raise and take the Posse Comitatus, and enter the said Hamlet of jvapping stepney, and Places adjacent, or any Place elsewhere within the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, as shall be mentioned in the said Oath, and to arrest, and in case of Resistance or Refusal, to open or break open any Door or Doors in the Daytime, to arrest such Person or Persons upon any inefne Process or other Process, Extent or Execution, Sheriff not per and to seize the Goods of any such Person or Persons upon any Execution or Extent; and if any such forming his Duty Sheriff or Sheriff's, or any his or their Deputy or Deputies, Officer or Officers, or any of them, shall to forfeit 2001. wilfully neglect or refuse, upon any such Order, to use his or their best Endeavours for the executing of such Process, Execution or Extent, he or they so neglecting or refusing to execute such Process, Execution or Fixtent, shall forfeit to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or of the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: And if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and Opposing the wilfully resist or oppose any Officer or Officers of Justice. or any Person or Persons who shall be aiding officers, or their or affilling to such Officer or Officers, in the Execution of any Writ, or of any legal Process, Execution Assistants, or Extent, within the said Hamlet of jvapping stepney, and Places adjacent, or elsewhere within the said Bills of Mortality, wherein Persons shall unlawfully assemble and associate for the flickering themselves from their Debts, of which Complaint shall have been made by a Presentment of the Grand Jury at a General or Quarter sessions of the proper County, or shall make Refcous of any Prisoner taken upon any such Process, Execution or Extent within the Places aforesaid, or shall there knowingly harbour or conceal any Prisoner so taken, or any Person or Persons who refeued any such Prisoner, or shall be any wise contriving, or knowingly and willingly abetting, aiding or affiffing in refilling.any such Officer or Officers, orin refeuing any such Prisoner or Prisoners taken as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment or Information to be brought or filed within six Months after the.offence committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner and under such Pains and Penalties, as Feioiis in other Cases are by Law to be transported.

III. And whereas diverse Persons, who have taken Shelter within the said Hamlet of jvapping stepney since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, nave rented Houses and Land to the yearly Value of ten Pounds per Annum or upwards therein, but by Reason of their Poverty were never rated, nor paid to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, nor served any Pa ' rochial Offices there; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Person or Persons so taking Shelter, or their Families, shall be judged to have gained any legal Settlement in the said Parish by virtue of having rented any Houses or Lands of such Value, unless such Person or Persons have been rated and have paid to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, or have served Parochial Offices there; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Concerning Pt i

fenen, C see farther ngco, 2. C 20. 16 Geo. 2. 31, 2j Geo. 2. c. 3 £? 17, 32 Geo. 2. c. 28.

CX refeuing a Prisoner in such Places,

istransportation for 7 Years.

fthelterers in Wapping Stepney since 29 Septt 3723, who were never rated to the Poor, C shall be deemed to have gained no legal Settlement.

CAP. XXIII.

A.D. 1724.

C 2 3

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis.

n - JO

Cap. xxiii.

An act for making more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing of Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantilies of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for s Cco 1. C 26.

4 W. preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great jfi/antities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London ard Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That' from and after the first Day of Attguji one thousand seven hundred and nineteen it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons to keep more than six hundred Pounds of Gunpowder, each Hundred con tear. ic. 21.

taining five Score Pounds net Weight, at any Time in any Storehouse, Warehouse or other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster or either of them, or within the Suburbs thereof, or within three Miles of the Tower of London, or within three Miles of his Majesty's Palace at Saint James's, or within two Miles of any Magazine erected for keeping Gunpowder belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public: And whereas since the making of the said Act many Dealers in Gunpowder and others, have divided their Houses and Warehouses into several small Partitions or Apartments, and there keep great Quantities olgunpowder, whereby and by other evil and indirect Means and Practises the good Designs of the said Act are notoriously eluded and evaded, to the appa rent Danger of several public Offices and the Lives and Fortunes of many thousands of your majesty's 4 Subjects: And whereas it is necessary for public Safety to lessen the Quantity of Gunpowder allowed by the said Act to be kept within the Limits aforesaid, and it is also requisite to make the said Act more eiteftualmay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty's, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and After 1 June after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, 'it shall not be lawful to have or7 5'none, to keep within the Limits aforesaid, more than two hundred Pounds of Gunpowder at any Time in any C

House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar or other Place, or in any Houses, Storehouses, Warehouses, powder in any Shops, Cellars or other Places under one or the same Roof, or in any Yard or Yards within the Limits oneplaceinlon aforesaid, for more than the Space of twenty-four Hours; upon Pain of forfeiting all such Gunpowder donorweflmin, and the Value thereof, with full Colds of Suit, to any Person or Persons, other than and except the Owner formsrc

or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of or other Person or Persons interested in such Gunpowder, who will an 24 UI "inform and sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts penat)' of Record at Westminster, wherein no Efibin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance, provided such Suit or Action be commenced and prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after such forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace authorised by the said Judges to issue

recited Act to issue their Warrants to search after dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder within the Limits 8'atls'

aforesaid, shall upon Demand made by any Parish officer, or by any two or more Housholders, being to 'earcn' Inhabitants within the said Limits, assigning a reasonable Cause for the same, issue such Warrants gratis;

and that upon every or any such Search it shall be lawful for the Searchers or Persons finding the same, Searchers within immediately to seize, and then or at any Time within twelve Hours after such Seizure, to amove or cause IZ Hours' to to be amoved all such Gunpowder as shall be found within the Limits aforesaid, exceeding the Quantity amove such allowed by this present Act; and every Person wilfully obstructing or hindering any such Seizure or Amo Gunpowder, val shall for every such Offence forfeit to the Informer five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit.

III. And for preventing the dangerous Use of Iron Hammers or Hammers shod or plated with Iron or Steel, in any Warehouse or other Place uled for keeping Gunpowder within the Limits aforesaid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall after the said first Day of June working with presume to use or work with any Iron Hammer or any Hammer shod or plated with Iron or Steel, in any jr0nhammersio such Warehouse or Place, while any Gunpowder is there, every such Person so offending, being thereof such Warehouses

convicted, within one Month next after the Offence committed, by the Oath or Oaths of any credible forfeits 20s-

Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Limits aforesaid, which Oath 01 Oaths such Justice or Justices are hereby authorised and required to administer, shall for every such Offence forfeit twenty Shillings to the Informer, to be levied (in case of nonpayment) by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus to the Owner, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted; and for want of sufficient Distress, every such Offender being convicted as aforesaid, shall be sent by such Justice or Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days, as such Justice or Justices shall in 'nis or their Discretion or Discretions think fit.

IV. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed pjllt m slfc. 51 any

to extend in any wise to affect any Storehouse or Magazine belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Sue mag nine be.

cessors, wherein Gunpowder or other Stores shall be kept for the Use of the Public, or to hinder The longing 'he proving or trying Gunpowder by his Majesty's Officers, as is usual for the Service of his Majesty, his Crown ic

Heirs or Successors, or to the carrying of Gunpowder to or from any of his Majesty's Magazines or with

Forces in their Marches.

5 3 6 C 2 4. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this present Act, Gehenl Issue, in every such Case such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance or by the Authority of the said Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Action after [flue joined, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

Act; Geo. 1.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things eiot hereby ai therein contained, not hereby altered, shall be of full Force, and shall or may be observed and put in Ex

tered to be m ecution, for preventing the Mischiefs aforesaid, notwithstanding the making of this Act, and that the said'

' Geos. Act and this present Act shall be deemed and taken to be publics Acts, and shall be judicially taken No

C 3s.' tice of as such in all Courts and Places by all Judges, justices and others, without specially Pleading

fuslick ab. the same.

Farther Prcnji

f.qtn concerning Gunpowder, go, 2. C 29. 15 Geo. 2. c. 32. 22 Geo. 2. c. 38. 29 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West riding of the County of York.

7 Ann, C 13. ' I. 'ST WHEREAS an Act was made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen 4 £^.4. C r £ Anne, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of the jvoollen Cloth 1 r'x'c 8 3' ' the jvejl riding of the County of York, which notwithstanding the many good Provisions and Di

3 H. 7. C it. ' reftions therein contained, 'hath nevertheless been found by Experience not to be effectual for the pre

3 H. 8. C 7. ' venting the Frauds, Abuses and Deceits which are frequently used and practised in the Manufacture of

5//. 8. C 2. ' Woollen Broadcloth, made within the West riding of the said County of York, particularly in the

6^'" £ <^ece't/ul working, and unreasonable stretching and straining, and dressing the said Clothes, which ill

4 S'5 PM. ' f>raftices tend very much to the debasing, undervaluing and discrediting of the said Manufacture, both

C s.' at home and in foreign Parts beyond the Seas, where a great Part thereof hath been usually vended: '

For Remedy whereof, and for encouraging the said Manufacture, by preventing the said Frauds, Deceits Breatui"^anc Abuses, and every of them for the Future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Broadcloth in anc with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present the West riding Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of of York after June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, every Woollen tailed. Broadcloth made within the West riding of the said County of York, whether the same shall be called

an End or Half cloth, or a Long or Whole cloth, being well scoured and fully milled, shall at the least L e five Quarters and an Half, by the Standard Yard wand in Breadth within the Lists in the Water, being fully wet, and every such Cloth called an End or Half cloth, shall not exceed in Length twenty-four Yards, being fully wet, and every such Cloth called a Long or Whole cloth, shall not exceed in Length forty-eight Yards, being fully wet.

Penalty on Clo

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clothiers or Makers of tliieis offending, Broad Woollen Cloth, shall after the said twenty-fourth Day of June make, offer or expose to Sale, any it 'in the aforesaid Clothes which shall not be of the respective Breadths, or shall exceed the respective Lengths vvdin length herein before mentioned, directed and prescribed, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully; ios. °'convicted by the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or witneil'es, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the West riding of the said County of York or any Corporation within the same, (provided such Justice or Justices be or are not a Merchant or Trader in the Woollen Manufacture) and which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, shall for every Inch such Cloth shall fall short of the Breadth before mentioned, and for every Yard the said Broadcloth, called a Long or Whole Cloth, shall exceed the said Length of forty-eight Yards, and for every Yard the said Broadcloth called an End or Half cloth, shall exceed the Length of twenty-four Yards, shall forfeit respectively the Sum of twenty Shillings: Provided always, that if it shall happen that any of the Clothes aforesaid, without any wilful Default of the Maker thereof, shall in some Parts thereof, (not exceeding in the whole one fifth Part of the Length) fall short and want of the Breadth before directed, yet

in case of such Accident, such Clothes may notwithstanding be sold without incurring any of the Penalties

by this Act imposed on the Maker or Seller thereof.

Broad Cloth to IH. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Woollen Broadcloth to be made shall be

he measured at nicafured at the Fulling mill, after the same shall be fully milled and scoured, and thoroughly wet, by

t efu ling mi 1. tjje jyjaj}er5 Ownor or Occupier of every such Fulling mill, who shall, and he is hereby obliged to take an Oath before some Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, that he will well and truly perform such Hillman to be Measuring, (which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer, and ftvorn. to give such Master, Owner or Occupier of such Fulling mill, a Certificate of such Oaths having been

administered and taken) and every Mailer or Occupier of every such Fulling mill shall affix or cause to be Hillman to affix affixed at each End of every such Cloth, before it shall be carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, to befur di^cll"il«'adt0 northeast by the Clothier; and the said Master ox Occupier of every such Fulling mill shall rivet the same

on

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgi 1 Regis. C 24. 537

on every such Cloth, and stamp his Name in plain Words at length thereupon, and in Figures plainly to be seen and known stamp likewise the length and Breadth of every such Cloth, for which he shall he paid by the Owner of every such Cloth, twopence, one Penny whereof to be paid to the Treasurer of the Paid West riding for the Time being, to be applied by direction of the Justices of the Peace rt their General Quarter sessions, towards the Salaries of Searchers by them to be appointed by Virtue of this Act; and the Length and Number of Yards so stamped on such Seals, shall be a Rule of Payment for every such Cloth by the Buyer of the same: Provided that if it shall happen, that after any Cloth shall have been milled, sealed and stamped as aforesaid, any Part thereof shall by any Accident be damaged and taken oft, such Part of the same as shall not be damnified, shall be again measured, sealed and stamped, as is before directed, and the said Seal shall be affixed to that End of the Cloth from whence such Part was cut oft'.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Penalty on Mill day of June, if any Owner, Master, Occupier or Millman of any Fulling mill shall refuse or neglect man off.uiing, to take the before mentioned Oath, or to fix such Seals at each End of every Wololen Broad Cloth, before 5

it shall be harried from the Mill, in Manner and with such Samp or Impression as is before directed, and to enter in a Book to be kept by such Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman, a fair and true Register or Entry of the Marks, Sort, Number, Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, or shall refuse to permit and suffer any Buyer or Searcher of Cloth to inspect the said Book, in order to compare the Marks, Sorts,

Number, Length, Breadth and Admeasurement of any or every such Cloth, wherein he or they are respectively concerned, with such Book or Register, or if any Person or Persons shall afterwards take off such Seal or Seals, or deface, counterfeit or alter the same, before the Cloth is sold to the Retailer in Great Britain, or is lent beyond the Seas, except the Millman who milled the said Cloth, or some other sworn Millman, who is in that Case also to register the same in Manner as aforesaid; Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more such Justice or Justices for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same, shall for every such Neglect or Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as is afterwards provided for by this present Act.

V. Provided, That in case such Merchant or Buyer shall have Cause to fuffiedt the real and true Lengths Buyer may wet and Breadths of such Cloth or Clothes not to be the same as stamped upon such Seal or Seals, such Mer the clothes, and chant or Buyer shall and may for Proof thereof have the Liberty, within six Days after Delivery thereof, measure them, and upon two Days Notice given in Writing to the Seller or Maker of such Cloth, unless it be otherwise &c' agreed by the mutual Consent of the Buyer and Seller, to put such Clothes into Water for any Time not exceeding four Hours, and afterwards to cause the same to be measured by any two indifferent Persons to

be appointed and chosen, one by the Buyer and the other by the Seller of such Cloth; and in Case they disagree in ascertaining the Length and Breadth of the said Cloth; then the said Admeasurement shall be made by a third Person, to be chosen and nominated by the said two Peafons appointed as aforesaid; in case the said two Persons shall neglect or refuse to choose and nominate such third Person within the Space of two Hours, or if such third Person so chosen shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the Admeasurement of the said Cloth at the Request of the Buyer or Seller thereof; then a fit Person shall be nominated and appointed by the next Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of the Place where the said Cloth shall happen to be sold, to make such Admeasurement; which said justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate is hereby authorised and required to appoint and swear such Person truly to admeasure the same, and the Person so appointed shall be and is hereby obliged to be sworn, and to act for the Purposes aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of forty Shillings, on Conviction before such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, to be levied by his Warrant by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender; and if upon such Admeasurement last mentioned there shall be found a less or smaller Quantity of Cloth in Length, or a less or smaller Quantity in Breadth, in more than one fifth Part of the Length than is mentioned in the Seal or Seals before directed to be affixed to such Cloth, in every such Case every Clothier, Owner or Seller of such Cloth, shall forfeit the sixth Part of the Value of every such Penalty for falls Cloth to the Poor of the Parish where such Cloth shall be found to be defective; and the said Forfeiture Measure. shall be paid by the Buyer of such Cloth to the Overseer of the Poor of such Parish, for their Use, and by such Buyer to be deducted and retained out of the Price of such Cloth so found wanting in Measure as aforesaid, upon paying for the same, after Certificate of such Defect made by the Person or Persons measuring the same, and Oath made thereof by such Person and Persons, before any Justice of the Peace of the said Riding or any Corporation within the same; which Oath in such Case, such Person and Persons are required to make, and such Justice is required to administer, and thereof to give a Certificate to such Person or Persons taking the said Oath, without Fee or Reward; and all such Sums of Money which the Clothier, Owner or Seller of an; 'such Cloth shall forfeic and pay on Account of such fraudulent Seal or Seals of such Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman of such Mill, being fixed to the said Cloth, shall upon Demand, be repaid by the said Master, Owner, Occupier or Millman of the said Fulling mill, who affixed or caused to be affixed the said Seals to such Clothier, Owner or Seller of such Cloth, and upon Refusal to be recovered and levied as is herein after provided.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Admeasurement the Seals affixed Millman to affix by the Millman are found not to contain the just Lengths and Breadths of such Clothes, in such Case the new Seils< Clothier shall be obliged to carry it back to the Millman, where it was before stamped, in order to affix

on the said Clothes new Seals, to be made and affixed as aforesaid, which shall contain the true Lengths and Breadths of the said Cloth, and that the said Measurer or Measurers shall have and receive from the Vox. V Zzz Buyer

538 C 24.

Anno undecimo Georgii

Regis. A.D. 1724.

Cloth to the Clothier.

Clothier to affix

Buyer of such Cloth sixpence and no more, for every Piece of Cloth which shall be by him or them so

rr.eafured.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Admeasurement as is last mentioned, any Cloth so measured shall be found not to be of the respective Breadths, or hall exceed the lengths herein before mentioned, direfifed and prescribed, or in Case upon such Admeasurement there shall be found a less or smaller Quantity of Cloth in Length, or a less or mailer Quantity in Breadth, in more than one fifth Part of the Length than is mentioned in the Seal or Seals before directed to be affixed to such Cloth, in every such Case the Merchant or Buyer of "such Cloth, which shall be so found to be fraudulent and defective as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty within three Days after such Admeasurement, to Merchant may return such fraudulent or defective Cloth to the Clothier or other Person who sold the same, who there ir, r, nr, de "1ve upon's hereby required to repay unto such Merchant or Buyer all such Money, Charges and Expenses as < m t hall paid or keen put unto, for or by Reason or Means of such defective or fraudulent Cloth', the same to be ascertained by the Oath of such Merchant or Buyer, before any Justice of the Peace of the said Riding or Corporation as aforesaid, to be recovered, upon his Refusal, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ot one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refilling.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clothier and Maker of such

his Mark on his Cloth, shall at the Time of making thereof, weave or few into the Head of the Cloth, in distinct Letters Clothes, on Pain and Words, plain to be read at Length, the Name and Place of Abode of such Clothier and Maker: And "S' ' if any Clothier or Maker of such Woollen Broadcloth, hall after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, expose

to Sale any Cloth without such Seals as before directed, or without such Name and Place of Abode, lb woven or fevved into such Cloth in Words at Length, plainly to be seen and read, such Clothier or Maker so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, made before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (he being no Dealer in Cloth) who is hereby authorised to administer the said Oath, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pound's for every such Peace of Cloth; and if any Person or Per cutting out the fons whatsoever shall willingly take off, alter, counterfeit, deface, obliterate or cut out, any of the afore fofeit^rsale' Seal or ^ea^s Lead, so fixed and riveted to such End or Half cloth, or to such Long or Whole 10 ei s 5 Cloth, or the Figures, Letters and Words thereon stamped, made or fetor therein woven or sewed, before the Cloth be sold to the P, etailer or Consumer thereof, for the Consumption of Great Britain, or be exported beyond the Seas; every Person or Persons so offending, and every Person in whose Custody any such Cloth without Seals, or with the Seals defaced, altered, cut out or obliterately, before it be sold to such Retailer, or be exported beyond the Seas, 'shall be found, being thereof lawfully convicted, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall over and beyond the Measure set and contained in the said Seal or Seals, streteh or strain, procure or cause to be stretched or trained, any End of Half cloth, more than one Yard in Length, or any Whole or Long cloth, more than two Yards in Length, or any Piece of the said Broadcloth, more than one Inch in every Quarter of a Yard in the Breadth; every such person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every Half yard in Length, and every Inch in Breadth so over stretched or trained as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of Peace for the said County, Riding, City, Liberty or Place where the Offence shall be corrfi rnitted, not being a Merchant or Trader in the Woollen Manufacture,

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, every Woollen Broadcloth made within the West riding of the said County of York, whether the same be called an End or Half cloth, or a Long or Whole cloth, shall throughout be drest ed in all Parts alike, not only at the Sides or Edges next to the List (as hath of late Years been the Custom) but also in the Middle, and at the Edges from End to End, that is to say, That the Middle of the Cloth, and so throughout the whole from End to End, have the

Worker to affi* same Work or Dressing, the one Part equal with the other; and in order to discover such Abuses, every at the Head End Cloth dreffcr or Cloth worker is hereby obliged to affix or cause to be affixed at the Head End of every his Mark, such Qoth dressed by him or them, a Seal of Lead, and shall rivet the same, and (lamp his Name in Words at Length thereupon, that it may be thereby discovered who the Dresser of each Clothshall be, that the Work may be done and performed as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Neglect or Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

XI. And for the better and more easy Discovery of the undue stretching and training of Cloth, Be it The Lengths of further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Proprietor of any Tenter or Tenters Yards to be in the said West riding of the said County of York, shall and he is hereby required to measure such ten numbered on the ter and Tenters, as shall be made use of for tentering of Cloth, and to mark or number in Figures, plain Tenters, on Pain anc] fair to be seen, the true Length of Yards of each Tenter or Tenters, beginning at Number I. and 5'* so continuing it to the End thereof, marking and numbering each Yard, distinctly, plainly and fairly to

be seen upon the top Bar belonging to each Tenter on the forestde thereof; and if any such Tenter or Tenters hall after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be found not to be measured and truly marked and numbered as aforesaid, the Owner or Proprietor of such Tenter or Tenters shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Ponnds for each Tenter that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid; Penalty to be levied and recovered as any other Penalty is hereby direfbed to be recovered and levied,

©verftretching the Cloth forfeits 20 s. for every half yard in Length, C

Clothes to be dreffied in all Parts alike.

Penalty, 51.

A.D. 1724. Anno uiidccimo Georgii Regis. C 24. 539

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said West riding of the said Onarter seflinns County of York shall at their Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the f.tid West riding, next )carl>h'0/hj.'c after Midsummer next, and afterwards at their General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held next j j.c

after Easter, yearly and every Year, choose and appoint so many Men of good Character and Repute within the said Riding as they shall think reasonable, to be Searchers for the Year ensuing, and may allow to each of them a Salary, not exceeding fifteen Pounds per Annum, to be paid out of the Money as shall be received by the Treasurer of the said West riding as before directed; which said Searchers shall and may by the Direction and Authority of any one of the said Justices of the Peace of the said West riding, or any Corporation within the same, have full Power, at all seasonable and convenient Times, to enter and inspect in the daytime, (Sundays excepted) the Mill and Mills of any Clothier or other Person for milling of Cloth, and if he or they think fit and reasonable to measure the Length and Breadth of any Cloth he shall find there, before it be carried from thence; and all and every such Searcher and Searchers, before he or they, shall enter upon the Execution of his and their said Office, shall take the following Oath, before any such Justice of the Peace, videlicet,

T ABDO swear, That I will well and truly execute the Office of a Searcher of Broad Woollen Their Oath.

1 Cloth, withm the West riding of the County of York, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, and according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge." So help me God.

XIII. And it shall and may be lawful for every such Searcher and Searchers, from time to time, as They may enter Occasion shall require, more especially when directed and required by any such Justice or Justices of the

Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same, in Writing under his or their Hands so j?auds on to do, in the daytime to enter into any House or Houses, Shop or Shops, out house or out houses, of iol'. Tenter grounds or the Warehouse of any Merchant or Merchants, Seller or Sellers, or any other Dealer in Cloth, or the Mills of any such, or any out house or Outhouses belonging thereto, within the said Riding, to search for any Woollen Broad Cloth, which shall be stretched and (trained beyond the Lengths or Breadths aforesaid, or any Alteration in the Seal or Seals contrary to the Direction, true Intent and Meaning of this present Act; and for the better discovering of such Abuse, to measure or cause to be measured any such Cloth which he shall suspect to be so overstretched or strained in Length or Breadth as aforesaid; and in case of Resistance or Refusal by any Person, to permit and fuller such Searcher or Searchers to enter the said Places, or any of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person so resisting or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds on Conviction thereof before any such Justice; if such Searcher or Searchers shall at any Time find any Woollen Broad Cloth (after it hath been On Discovery of tentered) without the Seal or Seals hereby directed to be put, or such Seal or Seals defaced, counterfeited, Owner altered or pulled off, except it shall appear that such Seal or Seals was or were accidentally lost or mali or e' 5 ciously taken off, and that it shall appear the said Cloth hath not been unduly stretched or strained when put into Water, or that any of such Clothes appears by the Mark or Stamp, or such Seals to be overstretched or strained, either in Breadth or Length, beyond the Dimensions allowed of and provided for by this present Act, or that the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker of such Cloth shall be cut out or altered, in such Case the Owner of such Cloth shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

XIV. Provided, and be it enacted, That if any such Searcher or Searchers, appointed as aforesaid, do Penalty on or shall act therein against his or their said Oath or Oaths, he or they, being convicted thereof in Manner Searchers acting aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any

Power or Authority to such Searcher or Searchers (to be appointed pursuant to this Act) to search and Searchers not to examine such Broad Clothes as shall be pressed and packed up for Exportation, unless such Searcher or e*5defor°ex searchers shall be first authorised and empowered by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of one or more poiution. of such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, made upon Information upon Oath of one or more credible Person or Persons, that he or they have good Reason to suspect, and verily believe, that some Fraud hath been committed in the Cloth so pressed and packed up, contrary to the Direction, true Intent and Meaning of this Act 1 And if upon the searching and examining such packed up Cloth, no such Fraud as aforesaid shall be found, then and in such Case such Informer or Informers are hereby directed to pay unto such Merchant or Dealer in Cloth, whose Cloth shall be so opened and searched, after it hath been so pressed a nd packed up, five Shillings for every Cloth which shall be so unpacked, towards the Damage that such Merchant or Dealer shall sustain by such causeless or malicious unpacking; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same to be levied in such Manner as any other Penalties are hereby directed to be levied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cloth dresser or Cloth cioth drefter Worker, to whom any Cloth or Clothes shall be commirted or delivered by any Merchant or Merchants, stretching the or any other Buyer of Clothes, to be dressed, shall after the said twenty-fourth Day of June be guilty of Merchants stretching and draining the said Clothes further than by this Act is prescribed, or shall alter, deface, coun9°^ seals ti terfeit or take off such Seal or Seals, whereby the Merchant, Buyer or Owner of such Cloth may be j.epay the m subject to any of the Penalties contained in this Act; that then and as often as the said Merchant, Buyer chant the pc or Owner or Cloth shall pay and undergo such Penalties, upon Account of the said Cloth dressers or nalties. Cloth workers committing such Abuses as aforesaid, the said Merchant, Buyer or Owner of Cloth,

shall be repaid by such Cloth Dresser or Cloth worker, who shall have committed or cause to be committed the said Offence, all such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall so pay as aforesaid.

Z z z 2 XVII. And

540 C 24. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1754.

None to make

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth c'ths but Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, no Person or Persons who shall not have their Appten^served for the Space of seven Years as an Apprentice to or in the Trade of a Broad Clothier, or has not ticeffiips to the heen in' the Exercise and Use of such Trade for the Space of two Years before the Commencement of Trade, C this Act (except the Widows of Clothiers, and Persons marrying such Widows) shall make or cause to

Penalty 10l. per be made any Broad Cloth in the said West riding, under the Penalty of forfeiting ten Pounds for every

Month. Month that such Person or Persons shall continue to use or exercise the said Trade of a Broad Clothier,

to be recovered and levied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act are to be recovered and levied.

EXP.

Cards with Wire ' xv11l. And whereas the using of Cards made with Wire or wire teeth, in Dressing of Cloth, hath drtflhte1cloth"*ky Experience been found to be very prejudicial to the said Woollen Manufacture Now to the End ottitin of 50l. the said Woollen Manufacture may be improved as much as possible, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within the said West riding of the said County of York shall' ' and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, use or cause to be used in Dressing of Cloth any Card or Cards made with Wire, or with Teeth of Iron, or any other Metal whatsoever, every such Person or

perfc ns so using the same, shall for every such Offence forfeit fifty Pounds: Provided that Information upon Oath shall be given of the Offences mentioned in this Act, within the Space of twenty Days next Offences how to after such Offence shall be discovered; and all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned (except such be inquired of, for which any other Remedy is hereby provided) shall be inquired of and determined, and Convictions thereon made, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth as aforesaid, Notice being first given of the Charge to the Person or Persons therewith charged; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall or may happen by reason of this Act, except such as are otherwise expressly disposed of, shall go and be disposed of, one Half to such Person or Persons as shall give Information of the Offence, on which the Conviction shall be made, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and if any Offender or Offenders shall, by the Space of ten Days next after he or they shall be convicted of any the Offences aforesaid, and have Notice thereof to him, her or them given at his, her or their dwelling house, or last Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to pay any Forfeiture by him, her or them incurred by reason of this Act, or shall not appeal as is herein after provided, to the Quarter sessions; then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same, not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, upon a Certificate of such Conviction sent to them from the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction was made, who is and are hereby authorised and required to issue out one or more Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to the Constable of the Town or Place, or Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Liberties, Wapentakes or Limits where such Offender or Offenders doth or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus, iff any be, after paying likewise the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender or Offenders demanding the lame; and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said West riding, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Months.

mi T also NIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person. the^quartei sef or Persons shall find hitn or herself aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices, Hons. upon any Conviction before him or them, in Pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal

to the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the said Riding of the said County of York, giving tern Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which the Conviction, was made; and if the Justices at their said Quarter sessions shall think fit either to confirm or disannul the Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in Cases of Appeals from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, whose Order herein shall be final.

lfl!0t"3h°n

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit after the Com lid m Com'6 rr.encement of this Act, shall be brought, commenced, sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, ebop. by this Act authorised to put the same or any Part thereof in Execution, in every such Case the Action

shall be laid in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; every such Person and Persons so sued or General wtue. prosecuted, may to such Action plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by Authority: of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Actions shall be brought in any other County, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and that upon such ver dist, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or pukhck A CL Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, for which he and they shall have the like P, emedy, as ini < Made perpetual Cafs wherein Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and that this Act shall be taken and allowed as a. and amended by public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons are hereby 7 Geo. a C 25. required to take Notice thereof as such, without special Pleading the same; and that this present Act shall and i^ceo. 2. continue in Force for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then 'next Session of 1 tcj.l. Parliament; and no longer.

In

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 25, 26. 541

In Part continued to September740. 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. f. 3. Sec 11 Geo. 2. c. 2s.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An Ae! fr repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick, arts for making the same more effectual.

Act 6 Ann. C 15. for mending Ohl Stratford Road continued for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament. [Amended 10 Geo. 2. c. 11. 13 Geo. 2. C $.]

CAP. XXVI.

An act for more effectual tlifarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom.

"IT WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Reriiinr the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland, it was enacted, '['hat from and after 1 C T 4 the first Day of November which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, Sut' C 4 it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons (except only such Persons as are therein mentioned 3" Geo.

and described) within the Shires of Dttnbartain on the north side of the Water of Liven, Sterling on C 4 the north side of the River of Forth, Perth, Kincairdin, Aberdeen, Invcnufs, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyll,

Forfar, Bamf, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin and Ross, to have in his, her or their Custody, use or bear,

Broad Sword or Target, Poynard, Whingar or Durk, Side pistol or Side pistols, or Gun, or any other warlike Weapons, in the Fields, or in the Way coming or going to, from or at any Church,

Market, Fair, Burials', Huntings, Meetings or any other Occasion whatsoever, within the Bounds aforesaid, or to come into the Low Countries armed as aforesaid: in case any of the said Person or Persons above described should have in his Custody, use or bear Arms, otherwise than in the said Act was directed, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before one or more Justices of the Peace, or before any other Judge Competent of the Place summarily, should for the first Offence forfeit all such Arms, and be liable to a Fine not exceeding forty Pounds Sterling,

and not under five Pounds Sterling, and to be imprisoned till Payment of the said Fine; which if not instantly paid after Commitment, the said Fine might and should be levied out of the offender's Goods and Estate, by Warrant of the Judge, who should pronounce any such Sentence, to be applied in such Manner as by the said Act was directed, and the Offender should be further liable to a month's Impri prisonment; and being convicted for a second Offence before the Court of Judiciary, or before the Judges at their Circuits, should forfeit such Arms, and be liable to a Fine not exceeding eighty Pounds Sterling, nor under ten Pounds Sterling; and for every subsequent Offence, to a Fine the Double of the former, to be levied and applied as by the said Act is directed; and that for the want of Payment:

of any such Fine, or a sufficient Distress to satisfy the Payment of it, the Offender should be liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may at large appear. And whereas notwithstanding the said recited Act, many Persons within the said several Shires and Bounds still continue possessed of great Quantities of Arms and warlike Weapons, which they use and bear as formerly,

and therewith, in Contempt and Defiance of the Laws of the Kingdom, commit many Robberies and

Depredations, oppose the due Execution of Justice against Robbers, Outlaws and Persons attainted of High Treason for the late unnatural Rebellion, and collect for their own Use, the Rents of Estates for feited by such attainted Persons, and belonging to the Public, to the Dishonour of the Government, and the Terror and great Loss of his Majesty's faithful Subjects inhabiting in that Part of the Iving dom Now for putting a Stop to the said present Mischiefs, and for preventing the like in Time to come, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant of every one of the said Shires, or to and for any such other Person or Persons Lords Liccte* as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall by his or their Sign Manual, from time to time, think fit, n's, ndthe to authorise and appoint in that Behalf, to cause Letters or Summons to be issued in his Majesty's Name, other/dsputed and under his or their respective Hands and Seals, directed to such of the Clairs and Persons within the under the Sign said several Shires and Bounds, as he or they from time to time shall think fit, thereby commanding and Manual, may requiring all and every Person and Persons of or belonging to such Clan or Clans, and all and every summon the such other Persons therein named, inhabiting within the particular Limits therein described, on a certain {he^arms at a Day in such Summons prefixed, to bring in and deliver up, at a certain Place in such Summons also to appointed, be mentioned, all and singular his and their Arms and warlike Weapons unto such Lord Lieutenant, or other Person or Persons authorised and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in that Behalf as aforesaid, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to be by him or them disposed of in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall afterwards appoint; and if at any Time on bearing amu after the Day in such Summons prefixed, any Person or Persons belonging to the Clan or Clans in such afterwards to be Summons named, or any other Person or Persons aforesaid in such Summons mentioned, shall by the r

Oath of any two or more credible Witnesses, be convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Juf ish^majesty's tices of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry, where such Offender or Offenders reside, or is or are appre Dominions b

hended, yond Sea.

If Arms be found hidden in thnie Limits, the possefi ors, if a Man, hall suffer the said Penalties

If a Woman, shall be imprisoned for two Years, and fined, not exceeding, iool.

Accessaries.

Summons sufficient, if itjexpress he Clan, or the Limits, and affixed on the parish church door,

?nd on the mar ket cross.

Person employed to affix the Summons to make Oath thac he hath so done, or that he was forcibly hindered.

Oaths and Duplicates of the Summons to be entered in the Sheriff's Hooks,

C 26. Anno undecimo Georgii p^egis. A.D. 1724.

bent, of having or bearing any Arms or warlike "Weapons after the Day prefixed in such Summons, such Person or Persons being so convicted as aforesaid, shall and may, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace, be forthwith committed to such safe Custody as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, to be there kept and detained without Bail, until the said Justices of the Peace shall cause him or them to be delivered over (as they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do) unto such Officer or Officers belonging to the Forces of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as shall be appointed from time to time, to receive such Men, within every such Shire or Place respectively, to serve as Soldiers in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; for which Purpose the respective Officers who shall receive such Men, shall then cause the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion to be read to him or them in the Presence of such Persons as shall so deliver over such Men unto such Officers respectively, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, together with the Names of the Persons so delivered over, and a Certificate thereof in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be delivered to the Officers appointed to receive such Men; arid, from and after reading the said Articles. of War, every Person so delivered over to such Officer, to serve as a Soldier in his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall be deemed a lilted Soldier to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be subject to the discipline of War, and in case of Desertion shall be puished as a Deserter.

II. And because diverse evil minded Persons; may take upon them, in Disobedience to this present Act,

to hide and conceal the Arms which they are commanded to deliver up, in Hopes of escaping the Pu ' nishment due to their Offence, from the Difficulty of bringing Proof that the Arms were so hidden and concealed by them, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Days severally to be prefixed for delivering up of Arms, in Execution of this Act, any Arms or warlike Weapons whatsoever shall be found hidden or concealed in any dwelling house, Barn, Office, House, out house or any other House whatsoever, within the Limits summoned to deliver up Arms as aforesaid, the Tenant or Possessor of such dwelling house, and to whose Possession such Barn, Office, House, out house, or' other House belongs, shall be deemed and taken to be the Haver of such concealed Arms, in Contempt of this present Act, and, being thereof convicted in Manner abovementioned, shall, if aman, suffer the Penalties hereby above enacted; if the Tenant or Possessor of such House where Arms are so found,

111 all be a Woman, Ihe being thereof convicted in Manner abovementioned, shall, by Warrant of the Justices of the Peace, before whom Ihe shall be so convicted, suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Years, within the Tollboth of the Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry, in which Ihe shall be convicted, and shall be further liable to be fined by the said Justices of the Peace, according to their Discretion, in' any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds, lawful Money of Great Britain, unless such Tenant or' Possessor, in whose House, Barn, Office, House, out house or other House by them pou clted, such Arms shall be found concealed, do give sufficient Evidence to the Satisfaction of the said Justices of the Peace, before whom he or she shall be tried, that such Arms were so hid and concealed without his or her Connivance, Privity or Knowledge; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be accessary or privy to the hiding or concealing such Arms in the Fields, or in any other Place whatsoever, he, she or they being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall suffer the Penalties respectively above enacted.

III. And to the Intent that all and every Clan and Clans, and other Person and Persons named, deferi bed or concerned in such Summons, may have due Notice thereof, and to prevent all Questions concerning the Legality of such Notice, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Summons shall, notwithstanding the Generality thereof, be deemed sufficient, if it express the Clan or Clans that are commanded to deliver up their Weapons, or the Lands, Limits and Boundings, the Inhabitants whereof are to be disarmed, and that it shall be a sufficient and legal Execution or Notice given of the said Summons, if it is affixed on the Door of the Parish Church or Parish Churches of the several Paroches, within which the Lands, the Inhabitants whereof are to be disarmed, lie, on any Sunday, betwixt the Hours of ten in the Forenoon and two in the Afternoon, four Days at leall before the Day prefixed for delivering tip the Arms, and on the Market cross of the Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry, within which the said Lands lie, eight Days before the Day appointed for the said Delivery of the Arms; and in case the Person or Persons employed to affix the said Summons on the Doors of the several Parish Churches, or any of them, shall be intercepted, molelled or forcibly hindered to affix the said Summons on the Doors of the said Churches, or any of them, upon Oath made to the effect aforesaid, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the Summons affixed on the Market cross of the Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice to all the Persons commanded thereby to deliver up their Arms; and they, upon their Neglect or Disobedience, shall suffer and be liable to the Conviction and Penalties above expressed, in the same Manner as if the Summons had been regularly affixed on the Doors of the several Parish Churches.

IV. And to the End that sufficient Evidence may remain, in all Time to come, of the Execution or Notice given of the Summons for disarming the several Clans and Districts as aforesaid, it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the elapsing of the said several Days to be prefixed for delivering up Arms, the Person or Persons employed to affix Copies of the Summons abovementioned, on the Market cross of the Headboroughs of any Shire or Stewartry, shall, before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Shire or Stewartry make Oath, that he or they did truly execute and give Notice of the same by affixing it as aforesaid; the Person or Persons employed to affix the said Summons on the Doors of the Parish Church or Parish Churches, shall make Oath in the same Manner and to the same, Effect, or otherwise shall swear, That he or they were intercepted, molelled or forcibly hindered to affix Copies of the said Summons as aforesaid j which Oaths, together with full Copies or Duplicates of the

Summons,

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 26. 543

Summons, to which they severally relate, shall be delivered to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the several Shires or Stewnrtries, within which the Lands, intended to be disarmed, lie, who shall enter the same in Books which he and they is and are hereby required to keep for that Purpose; and the said Books in which the Entries are so made, or Extracts out of the same, under the Hand of the Sheriff' or Stewart Clerks, shall in all Time to come be deemed and taken to be full and complete Evidence of the Execution of the Summons, in order to the Conviction of the Persons who shall neglect or refuse to comply with the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk neglect or refuse to make such Sheriff Clerk not Entry as is abovementioned, or shall refuse to exhibit the Books containing such Entries, or to give mak rs such Extracts of the same, being thereto required by any Person or Persons, who shall carry on any Profecu f I'"?'.

tions as aforesaid, the Clerk so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his Office, and shall be further liable and iool." to a Fine of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered upon a summary Complaint before the Court of Session, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcfl ors.

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Lord Lieutenant the Lord Lieutenant of any of the Shires aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty, C movappoint7 as abovementioned, or for any two or more Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under his or their Hand l'ersons tofcarch and Seal to authorise and appoint any Person or Persons whom he or they shall think fit, to enter into forarm3

any House or Houses, within the Limits aforesaid, either by Day or by Night, and there to search for and seize all such Arms and Warlike Weapons, as shall be found contrary to the Direction of this Act;

Provided, That if the said Search shall be made in the nighttime, between sun letting and sun rising, it shall be made in Presence of aconstable; and if any Persons to the Number of five or more, shall at0n0 f. any Time assemble together to obstruct the Execution of anything hereby required to be executed, it ltl" pofceitj1 shall and may be lawful to and for every Lord Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace where such Assembly shall be, and also to and for every Peace Officer within any such Shire, Stewartry,

City, Borough, or Place where such Assembly shall be, and likewise to and for all and every such other Person or Persons as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be authorised and appointed in that Behalf as aforesaid, to require the Aid and Assistance of the Forces of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by applying to the Officer commanding the said Forces, and all other his and their loving Subjects (who are hereby authorised, empowered and commanded to give such Aid and Assistance accordingly) to suppress such unlawful Assembly, in Order to the putting this Act in due Execution, and also to seize apprehend and disarm, and they are hereby required to seize, apprehend and disarm such Persons so assembled together, and forthwith to carry the Persons so apprehended before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Place where such Persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such their Offences according to Law; and that if the Persons so un Ail Persons in lawfully assembled, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons summoned to deliver up his or their demnified in Arms, in Pursuance of this Act, shall happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the dispersfng, seizing maiming orkin and apprehending, or in the endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, by reason of their re 'ln? PU fitting the Persons so dispersfng, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend fers' them; that then all and every such Lord Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justice or Justices of the 1.

Peace, or any Peace Officer or Officers, and all and every Person and Persons authorised and appointed, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors in that Behalf as aforesaid, and all and Angular Soldiers and other Persons, being aiding and assisting to him, them, or any of them, shall be freed, discharged and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, for or concerning the killing, maiming or hurting any such Person or Persons so unlawfully assembled, that shall be so killed, maimed or hurt as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action Civil or Criminal, aircoi.rl, to shall be brought before any Court whatsoever against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall law allow dca fully do in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, such Court shall allow the Defender the Benefit of the danto the n discharge and Indemnity above provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer to pay to the Defender the demnity, C full and real Expenses, that he shall be put to by such Action or Prosecution, threefold.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Peers of No Peers nr

this Realm, nor their Sons, nor any Members of Parliament, nor any Person or Persons who, by the Parliament Men, Act above recited of the first Year of his Majesty, were allowed to have or carry Arms, shall by Virtue ts

of this Act be liable to be summoned to deliver up their Arms or Warlike Weapons; nor shall this Act unlm° k

be construed to extend to exclude or hinder any other Person, whom his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Licence under his or their Royal Sign Manual, shall permit to wear Arms, or who shall be licensed to wear Arms, by any Writing or Writings under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to give such Licence, from keeping, bearing, or wearing such and so many Arms and warlike Weapons, as in such Licence or Licences, or either of them, shall for that Purpose be particularly specified.

IX. And to the End that no Person or Persons intended to be disarmed, may be discouraged from de 1 ce«.».stat.23 liverirg up their Weapons, from the Apprehension of the Penalties and Forfeitures, which they may have incurred through their neglecting to comply with the directions of the Act above recited of the nrlc fucd'&r tearing Year of his Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual feewing the Peace of the Highlands scot Aims before the land; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Time of affixing any such Summons as Summons, exceft aforesaid, no Person or Persons, residing within the Bounds therein mentioned, shall be sued or profecu he ref "fe to

ted for his or their having, or having had, bearing, or having born Arms, at any Time before the fever veral Days to be prefixed or limited by Summons as aforesaid, for the respective Clans and Districts to deliver

544 C 27, 28. Anno \indecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

deliver up cheir Arms; but if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up their Arms, in Obedience to such Summons as aforesaid, or shall be afterwards found in Arms, he and they shall be liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures of the Statute above recited, as well as to the Penalties of this prefect Act.

X. And to the Intent that no Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be convicted by any Civil Magistrate, or Court of Judicature, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of any Crime, import ttmes for put ing a Capital or any other Corporal Punishment, may be grieved by the over hasty Execution of such tmgmexecution Sentence, without allowing Time for Application to his Majesty, or to his Heirs and Sucessors, for his porting"capital ?r t^lc'r gracious Pardon; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of or Corporal Pu June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, no Sentence or Judgement of any Civil Magistrate, or nishment. Court of Judicature, importing a Capital or any Corporal Punishment, if pronounced in Edinburgh, or Judgement for any other Part of Scotland to the Southward of the Frith or River of Forth, shall be put to Execution Corporal punish within less than thirty Days after the Date of such Sentence; and if pronounced in any Place to the mentless than Northward of the said Frith or River of Forth, shall be put to Execution within less than forty Days af death, C may ter the j)ate of such Sentence: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or dif ekhtdavs the Courts of Judicature, or any other Civil Magistrate within Scotland, to commit to Gaol, and 3 Geo. a. c/32'. detain in Custody, in order to Trial, or in Order to the Execution of Sentences, as they by Law might festa. have done before the making of this Act.

Magistrates may '

XI. And whereas it is found by Experience, that the Sums for which Bail is to be taken on any cri extend the Bail minal Information, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in Pursuance of the A CL of Parliament in Criminal In«there in the Year one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled, An Act for preventing zvrongous \ <louble'°he Sums Imprisonment, and against undue delays in Trials, are too small and disproportioned to the Danger of the in the at made Criminals escaping from the Punishment appointed by Law, extending no higher than to the Sum of six \ 1701. ' thousand Merks for a Nobleman, three thousand Merks for a landed Gentleman, one thousand Merks for

C any other Gentleman or Burgess, and three hundred Merks, all Money of Scotland, for any other infe rior Person Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, it may and shall be lawful to and for all and every Magistrate, Judge, and Court of Judicature within Scotland, who by the said Act above recited were, in case of Criminal Informations and Accusations, directed to limit the Bail by them to be taken to the several and respective Sums abovementioned, to extend the Bail to be given in the said several and respective Cases to double the Sums provided by the aforesaid Act, if he or they upon the Circumstances of the Case shall think fit.

XII. And whereas for Want of a sufficient Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending Crimi nals in North Britain, and of subsisting them when apprehended, until Prosecution, and of carrying on 6 the necessary Trofecutions against them, it often happens that Criminals there escape the Punishment due to their Offences For preventing of which Inconveniences for the future, Be it enacted by the howthecharges Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Freeholders of every Shire, County cif apprehending or dihrieft in North Britain, to afiefs the several Shires or Stewartries where their Estates lie, at their fcalttedeviayed Meetings at any of their Head Courts yearly, in such Sums as they shall judge reasonable and sufficient the Purposes aforesaid; that such Moneys so from time to time to be affected, shall be collected, received an accounted for by such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as such Freeholders shall from time to appoint, and shall be applied for defraying the Charges of apprehending of Criminals, and of subsisting of them in Prison until Prosecution, and of prosecuting such Criminals for their several Offences by due Course of Law, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Continuance.

XIII. Provided always and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much See farther 19 of this Act. and of ail and every the Clauses and Provisoes herein contained, which are mentioned, or in Geo. a. C 39. tended to put a flop to, and for preventing for the future the Mischiefs in this Act first recited, and which 21 Geo. a. C 34. concern and relate to the furnn.oning and disarming the Persons herein before mentioned and intended to a 29-be difarrr.ed, shall be, remain and continue in full Force and Virtue, for and during the full Term of

seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; anything herein before laid or contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Sheppards snord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Ashlingron hill and Rowdford in the County of Wilts; and for explaining the said Act, and making the same more effectual and extensive.

PR.

The Act 5 Ann. c. 26. from 8 April 1728. to be in Force for the Purposes of that Act, and for repairing Stert Stone Road, for 21 Years longer. [Continued by 18 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

Reciting the 'f \\7 WHEREAS by tn Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Act? 6 & 7 Ann. '^yv intituled, An Act for the better preventing Mjchicfs that a, ay happen by Fire, it is, amongst other C 31. for pvc ' 1 hings enacted, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eight, all anting Fire. _ i and

545

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 28.

t and every House and Houses, that shall be erected and built, either upon old or new Foundations in any Place or Places in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, or other Parishes or Places com prized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall have Party walls between House and House wholly of Brick or Stone, and of two Bricks thick at the leaf!: in the Cellar and Ground Stories, and thirteen Inches thick upwards from the Foundation quite through all the Stories of each House, and eighteen Inches above the Roof, and that no Mundillion or Cornish of Timber or Wood under the Eves shall thereafter be made or suffered in any such new House or Houses, hut that all Front and Rear Walls of every House and Houses shall be built of Brick or Stone, to be carried two Foot and a Half above the Garret Floor, and coped with Stone or Brick, under the Penalty therein mentioned: And whereas by 7 Anna;, C j 7.

another al made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her laid late Majesty (for making more effectual the said at) it is, amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nine, all and every House and Houses that shall be erected and built, either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places in and about the Cities of London and Westmifier,

or other Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality (except Houses onlmdon Bridge, and on the River of Thames below Bridge,) shall have Party walls between House and House,

wholly of Brick or Stone (except Door cases, Windows, Lentils, Breast summers, Story posts and Plates) of two Bricks thick at leaf! in the Cellar, and one Brick and a Half thick upwards to the Top of the Garret Floor, and all Gable ends to be one Brick in Length, and eighteen Inches above the Roof, and to have no Beams or Rafters lie or (land, or to be in the Brick Works of the Gable ends

And for preventing Suits about Differences in Party walls, it is therein further enacted, That all Party Walls shall be built nine Inches on each man's Ground, whether the old Party wall be Brick, Stone or Timber, and that the first Builder shall have Power to pull down the same, and build up the new Par ty wall as aforesaid, and be paid by the Owner of the next House after the Rate of five Pounds ?/

Rod, as soon as he shall have built the said Party wall; and for all Houses thereafter to be built, that do not yield the Rent of twenty Pounds per Annum more than the Ground rent, to be left to the Dif cretion of the Builders; provided, That all Party walls for the same be built with Brick: And whereas diverse Doubts and Disputes have arisen upon the said recited als touching the Power of the first Builder to enter into the next adjoining House to shore and support the same, and at whose Expense,

during the Time the Party wall shall be pulling down and rebuilding, as also touching what Propor tions of the Charges of building Party walls ought to be born by the Owners and Occupiers of Houses,

having different Interests therein, and other Doubts and Difficulties arising upon the said acts, it is northeast

cessary to explain and amend the same, and to make the Lid als more effectual, 'May it therefore 6 Anns, C 31.

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, 7 Annanc 17

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, all and every Person or Persons who shall erect bu!1jets pulljns

or build', or cause to be erected or built, any House or Houses upon any old or new Foundation or Foundations,

in any Place or Places in and about the Cities of London and jfejhninster, or any Parish or Place Notice to

comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parish of Saint Marylabone and Padding adjoining House,

tonne, or within the Parishes of Chelsea and Saint Pancras or either of them, in the County of Middlesex,

(except Houses on London bridge and on the River of Thames below Bridge,) and who shall think it necessary to pull down any Partition wall between such House and the next adjoining House, shall (in case the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining House will not, or by Disability cannot agree,) give three Months Notice in Writing to the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining House, to whom any Part of the said Wall belongs, of such his, her or their Intention to pull down such Party wall, to the Intent that before such Party wall shall be pulled down, the same may, within the Space of one Month next after such To be viewed by Notice, be viewed by four or more able Workman, two or more of which Workman shall be named by four Workmen, such first Builder, and the other two or more by the Owner or Tenant or Occupier of such next House to that which is intended to be pulled down; and in case either of the said Parties shall refuse or neglect to name within three Weeks (next after such Notice) such Workmen, that then the other of the said Parties shall name four or more Workmen, who shall view the Party wall intended to be pulled down, and (without Consent) the same shall not be pulled down, unless in any of the Cases aforesaid, the major Part Workmen to of such Workmen shall certify in Writing under their Hands, to the Justices of the Peace in the next Ge certify to t>uar neral or Quartrr sessions of the Peace to be held for the City or County, where such Party Wall is tfr sessions intended to be pulled down, that such Party wall is defective and ruinours, and ought to be pulled down; e ei' and in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Certificate, such Justices shall upon Complaint to them made, summon before them one or more of such Workmen, and such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit, and shall examine the Matter upon Oath (which Oath or Oaths they are hereby empowered to administer) and upon such Examination or Examinations the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to make such Order or Orders in the Premises, as they m their Discretions shall think to be just and reasonable, and the Determinations of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties without any Appeal from the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if within three Days after such Certifi owner of the cate made by Workmen as aforesaid, a Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Owner or Occupier of such next House not next adjoining House or left there, and there shall be no Appeal from the same within the Time aforesaid, (Wring, set in every such Case, if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to shore and support his, her or Builder may, their Houses within six Days after the Time allowed by this Act for Appeal as aforesaid, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for such first Builder or Builders, giving Notice as aforesaid, to enter into such House or Houses (at all seasonable Times) with Workmen and Materials, to shore and support the vol.v. 4 A same.

54-6

anj build up a Party Wail.

Fist Builder may sue for the Proportion of the Expense.

No Door case, Window, C to be in Party walls.

Penalty 501.

First: Builder may pull down old Timber Walls, and build a new Brick Wall.

Water from the Tops of the Houses, C to be conveyed by Party pipes, penalty 10 1.

Penalties how to be levied and disposed of.

S cond Builder not to take the Benefit 0! the first builder's Party wall,

Penalty 501.

C 28. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.1

same, and dial] lliore and support the same at the Charge and Expense of such Owner or Occupier; and after the same dial] be lo shored and supported, it shall and may be lawful to and for such first Builder or Buildfers, to build up a new Party wall, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, and within ten Days after such Party wall shall be so built, such first Builder or Builders, shall in Writing leave at such next House, or with the Owner or Occupier thereof, a true Account of the Number of Rods in such Party wall, and one Moiety or Half part of the Expense thereof, after the Rate of five Pounds per Rod, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such House or Houses, who are entitled to the improved Rent thereof; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant or Occupier to pay such first Builder or Builders for the same; as also for the shoreing and supporting the House as aforesaid, after he or they shall have built such Party wall, and to deduct the same out of the next Rent that shall become due from him or her to such Owner or Owners, under whom he or she holds or enjoys the same, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the Expense of building the Party wall, or the Expense of shoreing and supporting the Houses aforesaid, within one and twenty Days after Demand thereof; then it shall and may he lawful to and for such first Builder or Builders, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to fuc such Owner or Owners for such their Proportions of the Expenses of building or rebuilding such Party wall, and shoreing and supporting such House as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

III. And for the better preventing the spreading of Fires from one House to another, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to make or have in any Party wall of any House, which after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, shall be erected or built within the Limits aforesaid, any Door case, Window, Lentil, Breast summer or Story posts or Plates whatsoever, unless where two or more Houses shall be laid together., and soused or occupied as one House only, and during the Time of such Usage and no longer; upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of any such House shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; but it may be lawful that such Door case, Window, Lentil, Breast surnmer or Story posts or Plates shall or may be fixed or put in the Front of such House or Building for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops only.

IV. And whereas several old Houses within the Cities of London and Westminster, and other the LI ' mits aforesaid, have instead of one Party wall, two old Timber walls or Partitions, one belonging to each House, and separate from one another, and Disputes may arise touching, pulling down and rebuild ing stich Walls or Partitions, as there may be Occasion, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such first Builder as aforesaid, giving three Months Notice as aforesaid, to the Owner or Occupier or Owners or Occupiers, shall have rower to pull down both the said Timber walls or Partitions, and to build a new Brick Party wall of such Thickness and Height, as is directed by the said recited Acts, and to pull down and rebuild the same, and shall be paid for such Party walls in such Manner, as herein before directed and appointed, subject to such Appeal and Determination by the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Water falling from the Tops of the said Houses to be built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, within the Limits aforesaid, and the Water falling from the Balconies and Penthouses thereof, shall be conveyed into the Channels by Party pipes on the Sides or Fronts of the said Houses, on Pain that the Owner or Owners offending herein shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, levied and recovered in like Manner as is herein before mentioned, and one Moiety or Half part thereof shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

VII. And whereas diverse Houses are or may hereafter be built on new Foundations, within the LI ' mits abovementioned, and which land singly by themselves, and have no House adjoining to one End ' or Side thereof, by Means whereof such Builder or Builders have been at the whole Charge and Expence of building two Party walls and a Fence wall to one and the same House, and some other Per ' ion or Persons may build upon the Ground next adjoining to such House or Houses; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to and for any such second Builder or Builders, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to make use of or take the Benefit of such Party wall and Fence wall, nor shall such second Builder or Builders, his, her or their Executors, ad ministrators or Assigns, on any Account whatsoever, lay any Wood or Timber, or cut any Hole for Cupboards, Frefies, or any other Uses, in such party wall, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the sixth Year of the said late Queen there is a Penalty of fifty Pounds laid upon the Owner and Head Builder or Workman, who should neglect to build every House thereafter to be built according to the Directions of the said recited Act, one Moiety whereof to

4 be to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Buildings should be

5 erected: And whereas Persons convicted upon the said Act, after they have paid the said Penalty thereby inflicted, are not obliged to make good such Partition walls and Defects, for which they have been prosecuted, so that the preventing the Danger that may happen from Fire, which the said Act wasde'

signea for, will in a great Measure be evaded and rendered ineffectual; and whereas since the passing of the said recited Act, there has been a very great Increase of Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, and

many of the Houses so built are not in every respect built according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, whereby the several Owners and Head Builders thereof have incurred the said Penalty, and several Persons are informed against. now under Prosecution for the same, which if they are convicted for, they are not liable to make good the said Defects; so that the Mischiefs from Fire,

£ that by the said Acts were intended to be prevented, will be defeated in all those Houses so built, and

3 many,

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 29. 547

V many Families probably be utterly ruined; and Whereas the said first Owners, Head Builders or Work

men of such Houses so irregularly built are willing and desirous to make good the said Defeats, whereby

the Intent of the said als would be fully answered, provided they may be exempted from the Penalties

already incurred by the said former Acts Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all nu!lllc'5 makinb

such first Owners, Head Builders or Workmen, who shall on or before the twenty-ninth Day of Sep initf '"'

timber one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, make good such Defcds pursuant to the Directions inforroervihor

of the said Acts, and shall pay or cause to be paid to every Informer or Informers (if by them demanded) Charges, not

such their reasonable Costs and Charges of Prosecution or Suit, which shall have been so commenced liable 10 f'nai

(upon which no Conviction shall be obtained before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred lic5j c EXPAND

twenty-five) to be settled and fixed by three or more of such Justices of the Peace of the City or

County where the Offence hath been committed, shall not be liable to the Penalties of the said Acts, but

shall and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the same; but in case such first Owner, Head

Builder or Workmen shall not make good such Dcfcds, and pay such reasonable Costs and Charges of

Prosecution so fixed and settled as aforesaid, within the Time herein before limited, that then for such

Neglect, he, she or they shall forfeit double the Penalty in the said Act mentioned; and all such first

Owners, Head Builders and Workmen, who shall have been convicted by Virtue of the said recited Acts,

or either of them, before the said tenth Day of May, and who shall not make good such Defects (for

which they or either of them were so convicted) before the Time herein before limited for making good

the same, shall notwithstanding such Conviction, be further liable to the Penalties of the said Acts, all

which Penalties are to be recovered and paid in such Manner as by the said Acts are directed:

nevertheless, That in case the present Owners or Occupiers of such House or Houses as are so defective,

and built contrary to the Directions of either of the said recited Acts, shall refuse and deny such first

Owner, Head Builder or Workmen, within the Time above limited, on giving him, her or them thirty

Days Notice at least, in Writing, to be left at their dwelling house or Houses, to enter into and upon the Premises, and to bring Materials for making good the said Defects, that then upon Proof made on

Oath before two or more Justices of the Peace of such Denial or Refusal, such first Owner, Head Builder

or Workmen shall, and are hereby discharged of and from the Penalties of the said recited Acts and of

this present Act, and such present Owner or Occupier so denying and refilling, shall be, and is and are hereby declared subject and liable to pay the same Penalties as the said first Owners, Head Builders or

Workmen should have paid; anything herein or in the above recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided, That whereas the said Conviction for the said Forfeitures was to be only before one Ju Conviction te ftice of the Peace, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Conviction shall, from and after the to«itwoju(tjcej. said twenty-fifth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be before two Justices of the Peace at the least. 33 3

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to continue several Acts therein mentioned for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for preventing the clandestine running of Goods, for making Copper Ore of the Britiftj Plantations an enumerated Commodity; and for explaining and amending a late Act for more effectual pu nishment of such as shall wilfully burn or destroy Ships.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring, 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted.

And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Bankrupts at Frauds committed by Bankrupts, which Act was to continue in Force for seven Years from the twenty sixth s Geo. 1. 0.14. Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session continued for of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of one ^ear' x'c one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses for Encouragement Aa 3 eo

of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, s"ij

contained in an Act made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign for Encouragement of the Silk Ma Manufeaures, nufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for other continued for Purposes therein mentioned, which said Clauses were to have Continuance for three Years from the twen three Years, C ty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and to the End of the then next ?*6 geo Session of Parliament, shall be and are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof for and during the

Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Jgain ty 32

III. And be it enacted, That the two last Clauses (for the more effeaual preventing Frauds and Abuses Geo. 2. c. 23.

in the said Manufactures) contained in an act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for con Two last Clauses tinuing some Laws, and reviving others, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, shall be of full Force, ln an Act9 Geo. and shall be put in Execution accordingly. Force' t0be

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of aft0!'Geo. 1. his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Inc. 18. to prevent

running of

Goods, continued for three Years, C*continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 33.' and again by 27 Geo. 2. c. 18, s? 33 Geo. 2. C

4 A 2 session

S

Exception.

Geo. I. C 12

C 30. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

section thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their fljhiarentine, and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations 10 such Regulations, as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject, which AH was to continue in Force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except so much of the same Act ss relates to Ships or Vessels performing Quarentine.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for en

6 forcing and making perpetual an Act of the twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore or stranded on the Coait of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty's Dominions, and for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully burn or defray Ships, it is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Owner of, C or Captain, Master, Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, wilfully call away, burn, or otherwise destroy the Ship, of which he is Owner, or unto which he belongs, or s in any manner or wife direh or procure the same to be done, to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons that shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, he shall suffer Death.

VI. And whereas some Doubts have arisen touching the Nature of the Offence provided against: by the said recited Act, and the Trial and Punishment to be had and inflicted for the same, 'Be it there

enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner of, or Captain, Master, Officer

or Mariner belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, wilfully caff away, burn, or otherwise destroy the Ship or Vessel of which he is Owner, or to which he belongeth, or in any wise direct or procure the same to be done, with Intent or Design to prejudice any Person or Persons, that hath or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, or of any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof lawfully con vihed_, shall be deemed and adjudged a Felon or Felons, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Offences, in wilfully casting away, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be committed within the Body of any County of this Realm, the same shall and may be inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged in the same Courts, in such Manner and Form, as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by the Laws of this Realm, are to be inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged; and if any of the said Offences shall be committed upon the High Seas, the same shall be inquired of, tried, deter 28 H. 3. C 15. mined and adjudged before such Court, and in such Manner and Form, as in and by an Act made in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, entitled, For Pirates, is direhed and appointed for the inquiring, trying, determining and adjudging of Felonies done upon the High Seas.

Wilfully destroying Ships, Death

How these Offences are to be tried.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Public Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing of Salmon and Codfish, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the Insurance Companies to plead the General issue in Actions brought against; them; and for securing the Stamp-duties upon Policies of Insurance.

A. thefi Laws*D T WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good Laws which have been made and parted for pre refer to n Car. ' W, venting of Frauds and Abuses in his Majesty's Duties of Excise, and other his Majesty's Du 2. 23 & 24. ' ties which have been put under the Receipt and Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise

'icf' z' C nc in Great Britain, the several and respective Revenues, arising by and from the said several and respect1 z five Duties, are very much lessened by the clandestine and collusive Importation of Brandy, Arrack,

Car. r.; .23 ' Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, Coffee, Tea, Coconuts and Chocolate, into this Kingdom of j W. MSC. 1. ' great.britain from Parts beyond the Seas, without Payment of any of the Duties by Law chargeable £.24. 11v. & ' on the same, and the fair dealers in the said Commodities much prejudiced in their Trade therein, 0' fr Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and xivt&rt'c 'o' Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

7 W. 3. c. 30." by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven, S IV 3. C 19. hundred and twenty-five, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of

10 tv. 3. C 21. Excise, or any of them, to go on board and enter into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall be & i"' 3' ea 11 "'Min the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, and to continue on board the same, and to rum st.'i. C mase and search in like Manner, as the Officers of the Customs may now legally do, for all such Arrack, yldri. 1.6. Rum, Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, or other exciseable Liquors whatsoever, and for all Coffee,

8 hr., C 7. Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate and Cocoa paste, and to seize for his Majesty's Use, as well all such of 10 sinn. C 19 the said Commodities as shall be there found, as by the Laws thereunto respectively relating shall be for

& iz Ann.

& <). 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. After 24 June 1725. Officers of Excise may go on board Ships to search for Brandy, cas Custom Officers legally may.

ftited.,

549

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis.

cul v/»rrant may f.urch ter ur.indy, i.

ilcuh hid.

feited, together with the Casks, Boxes, Che (Is, Bags, or other Package containing the same, and in like Manner to seize such of the Commodities aforesaid, every or any of them, as before due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers, and without paying or Securing the Duties on the Importation thereof, shall be found unshipping or unshipped out of such Ship or Vessel, to be laid on J, and without Entry and Payment of the Duties due for the same respectively, together with the Casks, Clielts, Boxes, Bags, or other Package whatsoever containing the same.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers officer V for the said Duty of Excise shall have Cause to suspect that any foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters shall be fraudulently hid or concealed in any Place whatsoever, cither cut red for keeping the same as aforesaid, or not entered, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties thereon; uaujuli then and in such Case, if such Place shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the of of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, or in case the same shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice 01 justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall lul pebl the same to be hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the nighttime in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters shall be so fraudulently hid or concealed, and seize and carry away all such foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits or Strong Waters, which he or they shall then and there find so fraudulently hid and concealed, as forfeited, together with all the Casks or other Vessels and Things wherein the same shall be contained; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever Obflraftingo, 5 shall obstruct, oppose, moled, let or hinder any Officer or Officers of or for the said Duties, or any of ccr!°rklti loolt them, in the doing, performing or executing any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given to such Officer or Officers, every such Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty, ^, to fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five no Arrack, Brandy, Rum, Spirits or sae but in an Strong Waters, whether British or Foreign, shall be sold, uttered or exposed to Sale, either by Whole entered Place, sale or Retail, but when the same shall be in some or one of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops,

Cellars, Vaults or other Places, entered or to be entered in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the 6 Geo. 1. C 21. sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise and Customs, Stamp-duty and House money; on Fain of forfeiting all such Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters winch shall be so sold, uttered or exposed to Sale contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Add, together with the Casks, Bottles or other Vessels containing thq See farther same, over and above the Penalty of forty Shillings per Gallon imposed for the said Offence by the said 2cco 2 '2^> Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth sellers^of Bran day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, an gvjbf who shall keep a Public-house, Shop, Cellar or Warehouse, for selling of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spi of coffee, C rits or Strong Waters, and shall have in his, her or their Custody, or in the Custody of any other Per to be deemed son or Persons for his, her or their Use, any Coffee, Tea, Chocolate or coconuts exceeding the Quail Dialers.

tity of six Pounds of any of the said Commodities, shall be deemed and taken to be Sellers and Dealers in the said Commodities within the Meaning of this and the said former Act for charging Inland Duties upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Adulterating Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five no Dealer in Tea, or Manufacturer or Dyer thereof, or pretending so to be, shall counterfeit or adulterate Tea, or cause or procure the same to be an 100'counterfeited or adulterated, or shall alter, fabricate or manufacture Tea with Terra Japanica, or with any Drug or Drugs whatsoever, nor shall mix or cause or procure to be mixed with Tea any Leaves, other than Leaves of Tea, or other Ingredients whatsoever; on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Tea so counterfeited, adulterated, altered, fabricated, manufactured or mixed, and other Thing or Things whatsoever added thereto, or mixed or used therewith, and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re Geo. 1. C 10. ' pealing certain Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Paste, and for granting Inland Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

it was enabled, That the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Coffee and Tea as were found in the Warehouses appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for the Reception thereof, should in one Month next after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, or upon Delivery thereof out of the said Warehouses before the Expiration of the said Month, make an Entry at the customhouse of all such Coffee and Tea so found, and pay or l'c cure the remaining Customs or Duties due thereon, or on Failure thereof, that all such Codec and Tea (hold be forfeited and lost, and in case such Coffee and Tea, or any Part thereof, should be exported within the Time allowed by Law for that Purpose from the Importation thereof, the Exporter or Exporters (hold, on a proper Debenture, be entitled to draw back all the Duties paid on such Im ' portation, or the Security for the same (hold be vacated (except Half of the old Subsidy).

55°

Warehoused Coffee, &c. exported ilnce 24 June 3724, or to be exported before a5 March 1726, draws back all the Duties, except Half of the old Subsidy.

intotea to be imported but from the Place of its Growth,

Penalty on Roasters of Coffee, mixing butt«r, C therewith, 1001,

C 30. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

VII. And whereas a considerable Quantity of Coffee and Tea was found in the said Warehouses, ' which had heen there upwards of three Years, and for which the remaining Duties were paid or fe cured according to the Directions of the said at, Part of which Coffee and Tea hath been exported to Parts beyond the Sea, and some Doubts have arisen upon the making out of the Debentures for draw

back the Duties of such Coffee and Tea so exported, the Exportation of which Coffee and Tea not

being by Law retrained to any particular time for obviating of which Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Exporters of all such Coffee and Tea, as have been exported since the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, or shall be exported before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, are and shall be entitled to draw back the respective Duties so paid or secured for the same (except half of the oldsub fidy;,) any Law, Custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

EXP.

VIII. And whereas great Quantities of Tea imported into Flanders, Holland and other Parts beyond the Seas, directly from the east bidies by Foreigners, are from thence imported into this Kingdom on Pretence that such Tea was formerly exported from hence, to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and to the great Discouragement and Loss of the fair Importers of the said Commodity from the Place of its Growth Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, no Tea whatsoever shall be imported into this Kingdom from any Place whatsoever, other than from the Place of its Growth, although the same may have been formerly exported from hence, or upon any other Pretence whatsoever, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tea; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person and Persons as shall seize and sue for the same; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary whatsoever notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas, in order to increase the Weight of roasted Coffee, whereby to defraud and impose upon such as buy the same, diverse evil disposed Persons, at the Time or Times of Roasting such Coffee, ' or soon after, or before the selling thereof, do nfe or mix, or cause to be used or mixed therewith, or do add or cause to be added thereto Butter, Lard, Grease, Water or other Materials, whereby such Coffee is rendered less wholesome, to the Prejudice of the Health of his Majesty's Subjects, and to the Loss and Injury of all honest and fair Dealers therein For preventing whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, no Person or Persons whatsoever, either in Roasting or soon after the Roasting, or before Selling thereof, shall, in Order to increase the Weight of such Coffee, use or add thereto, or mix therewith any Butter, Lard, Grease, Water or other Materials whatsoever, on Pain of Forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Trader or Dealer in Coffee hall knowingly buy or sell any Coffee so mixed, or to which such Addition shall be made, every such Trader or Dealer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

X. And whereas several Dealers in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, in order to secure Quantities of the said Commodities, which have been clandestinely imported without paying any of the Duties by Law charged thereupon, from being seized as forfeited for such clandestine Importation thereof, do frequently take out Permits from the Officer or Officers for the said Duties upon Coffee, Tea and Chocolate, Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters,

for the removing of the said Commodities from one Place to another, but in Reality do not remove the Commodities from the respective Places they are authorised by such Permit to remove the same to the respective Places they are by such Permit authorised to carry the same Commodities unto, but make use £ such Permits for securing the like Quantity of Commodities mentioned in such Permits, which have been clandestinely imported, from being seized as forfeited for such clandestine Importation For Remedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, if any Person or Persons watsoever shall

th" Commodities out any Perm't or Permits from the Officers employed in the said Duties or any of them, for remov the time limi ing of any of the said Commodities from one Place to another; and if, within the Times limited in such ted, Permit or Permits respectively, the Party or Parties, by or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so

taken out, shall not either actually and really send away all the Commodities by such Permit or Permits authorised thereby to be sent away, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in Default of so sending away such Commodities, shall not before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such per or 'not returning mit and Permits, respectively, return such Permit and Permits to the Officer or Officers, from whom the ue t, e' same was had; then, and ira every such respective Case and Cases, the Person or Persons taking out' such

tjethe sue. permjt or Permits, or for whose Use such Permit or Permits shall be taken out, shall, for every Gallon of Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, and for every Pound Weight of Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, mentioned in such Permit or Permits, and not removed according to the Purport thereof, forfeit and lose treble the Value thereof, to be estimated according to the highest Rate of the like Com if there dees not modifies at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred; and if such Permit or Permits are not so appear a suffici returned, as aforesaid, and in ca^e, upon taking an Account by any of the Officers for the said Duties answe^the^rc ulion B; 'andy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits and Strong Waters, and for the said Inland Duties of the Stock of moval. Officer to Coffee, Tea and Coconuts, remaining in the Planets or Custody of the Person or Persons, from or seize alike Quan out of whose Stock the Commodities, mentioned in such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, are thereby au tity of the Bran thofized to be removed, there shall not appear a sufficient Decrease to answer the Removal of the com. <h>modifies mentioned in such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, respectively; then, and in such Case, the respective

Person or Persons, from or out of whose Stock the said Commodities mentioned in the said Permit or Permits shall be authorised to be removed, shall forfeit and lose the like Quantities of the respective Commodities, so permitted to be removed, and not removed according to such Permission, to be seized

Penalty for ta king out Permits, and not

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo.Georg.il Regis. C 30. 551

and taken by the Officers for the said respective Duties, for his Majesty's Use, out of the like Commodities then in the Possession of the Pci Ion or Persons forfeiting the same: Provided always, That no Person No Frrmit far or Persons whatsoever shall demand, take or receive, any Permit or Permits from any Officer or Officers for the said respective Duties, for the Removal of any of the said Commodities from one Place to another, ^without the special Direction in Writing, of the Person or Persons, or the known Servant or Servants stockcommoji of the Person or Persons from or out of whose Stock the said Commodities are to be removed; upon tin are to be re pain of forfeiting for every such Offence therein the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or in Default of the Pay rnovc'1 ment thereof, hall suffer, Imprisonment for and during the Space of three Months, without Bail or Penalty 501, er Main prize. imprisonmchr.

CXI. And whereas by the Act, whereby the said Inland Duties on Coffee, Tea and Chocolate, are granted, several Oaths and Affirmations are appointed to be administered to the Sellers of and Dealers in

the said Commodities, relating to their Trade therein, and the Entries by them made with the Officers

for the same Duties, for better feeuring the same; and whereas it hath been observed, that in some Instances, where such Oaths and Affirmations by the said Act are to be taken and made by such Sellers

and Dealers, yet many of them neglect or refuse to take the same, infilling, that by the said Act no Persons are express, authorised to administer the same unto them For Remedy whereof, Be it further Commissionm enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person eooppeinr i>cr or Persons, as the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties for the Time being, or the major Part of them a^a^otthj" in that Behalf shall appoint, from time to time, to administer the said Oaths and Affirmations to the Sel Dealers inns lers and Dealers, who do or shall reside within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and to and for the Collec these cummo tors and Supervisors of Excise in all other Parts of Great Britain, to administer the said Oaths, and to take dities. Affirmations from the respective Sellers and Dealers in any of the said Commodities, within their respective Collections and Districts.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall On Officers and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Inland Duties, or any two or more of them for the Complaint, Time being, within the respective Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon any Officer or Officers for the said Inland Duties making Complaint, upon Oath, to such rummonvufpea of, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, that he or they do iufpcft any Dealers in ed Persons the said Commodities not to have made true and just Entries in the Books, which he, she or they are to produce their obliged, in Pursuance of the said Act, to keep for that purpose of such of the said Commodities, as he, Books of Entry, she or they, from time to time, sell or deliver out or consume, in which Oath shall be set forth the Causes ga' C IO of such Suspicion, to summon such suspected Person or Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, with their respective Entry books aforesaid, to the Intent that such Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, may examine such suspected Person or Persons, or such as keep the said Book or Books, upon his, her or their Oaths or Affirmations, touching the Truth of the Entries made in their said Books; and any such Dealer in Coffee, Tea or Chocolate, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Oaths or Affirmations, as are by the said last mentioned Act required, 'and by this present Act appointed to be administered as aforesaid, being thereunto required by the respective Person or Persons, who by this Act is and are authorised to administer the same, or shall neglect or refuse to attend such Summons as aforesaid, with his, her or their respective Entry Refufingfotodo, Books, and be examined upon Oath as aforesaid, touching the Truth of the Entries made in their re rfelts spective Entry books, then, and in every such Case or Cases, the Person or Persons offending therein, or either of them, shall for each and every of such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIII. And whereas in and by the said Act of Parliament, whereby the said Inland Duties on Coffee,

*. Tea and Chocolate are granted, it is enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever should at any Time counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, the Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, which by the said Act of Parliament is directed to be provided and made use of on the Paper in closing each Pound of Chocolate, in Pursuance of that Act, or should vend or sell such Chocolate with such counterfeit Mark, Stamp, Impression or Device thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; then every such Person or Persons offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of

five hundred Pounds, and also should be committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain for the

Space of twelve Months without Bail or Mainprize: And whereas the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties, having, pursuant to the said Act, provided such Marks, Stamps, Impressions, and Devices for the 4 {lamping and marking Papers enclosing such Chocolate; and whereas such Chocolate, as, pursuant to the said Act, has been duly entered with the proper Officer, and for which the said Inland Duties have been charged or paid, has, from time to time, been enclosed in such Paper and Papers, having on it and them the Imprelflon of such Marks or Stamps so provided, as aforesaid; whereas, after such Papers, having on them the Impression of such Marks or Stamps, have been taken from such Chocolate, as has been so duly entered, and for which the said Duties have been duly charged or paid, the same Paper or Papers, having on it or them the Imprelflon of such Mark or Marks, Stamp or Stamps, have been fixed unto, placed up 4 on, and made use of to enclose other Chocolate, which has not been duly entered, and for which the said Inland Duties have not been duly charged or paid, whereby his Majesty has been and is as much and as effectually defrauded of and in his said Inland Duties on such Chocolate, as if the Actors in such Fraud

had counterfeited and forged a Stamp or Stamps, Mark or Marks to resemble such Marks or Stamps so F; X n, pap(: r5 4 as aforesaid provided by the said Commissioners: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Autho w'uh the Stamp rity aforesaid, That if and in Case from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven on Chocolate hundred and twenty-five, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall upon any Chocolate which has not that has not pai4 been duly entered with the proper Officer, and for which the said Inland Duties have not been duly Duty, is 500l. charged or paid, six or Place such Paper or Papers, having on it or them the Impression of such Mark p^j^ent mors

552 c. 30.

Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

Damaged Choco ja e to be re ilamped.

the Duties have been paid, cor

Marks, Stamp or Stamps, or shall] in such Paper or Papers enclose such Chocolate, as hath not been duly entered with the proper Officer, and for which the said Inland Duties have not been duly charged or paid, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of the said Inland Duties, for and in respect of such Chocolate; that then and in every such Case, every Offender therein shall be subject and liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the said AI, made in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign, are set and imposed upon Persons for counterfeiting or forging the Stamp or Stamps, Mark or Marks provided, or which shall hereafter be provided by the Commissioners for the said Inland Duties for the Time being, and as if such Offender or Offenders had actually forged or counterfeited such Stamp or Stamps, Mark or Marks.

XIV. And whereas it often happens, that after Chocolate is made up for Sale and duly stamped, as the Law directs, it receives Damage by lying by, or otherwise becomes unfit for Sale, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, for the Owner of fi cli stamped Chocolate, in the Presence of an Officer of Excise for the Division or Place where such Chocolate shall be, to open the said Chocolate, so made and stamped as aforesaid, and to deliver the said Stamps to the said Officer, and to work the same Chocolate over again with fresh Coconuts, and that such Owner shall be allowed to have the Chocolate restamped, paying the Inland Duty for so much Chocolate as shall be added and used in the new working the same, and no more.

On reworking

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons whatever, who Chocolate Proof shall vork their Chocolate over again, shall make Proof before the Commissioners of the Inland Duties to be made that or t]le major part of them, in case the same shall be worked over again within the Limits of the Bills of

Thn I In rtpe hht'a, -., .'_, 1^ 1 T

Mortality, or in case the same shall] be worked over again out of the said Limits, before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Town or Place where such Chocolate shall be so worked, that all and every of his Majesty's Duties for the Coconuts, wherewith such Chocolate was made, and for what Coconuts shall be added thereunto in the reworking thereof, have been duly and fully paid, and that all the said Chocolate so to be reworked and restamped had been duly entered with the proper Officers appointed for that Purpose; and upon Failure of such Proof to be made, it shall) in no wise be lawful to rework and restamp the same.

XVI. And for the more effectual discovering and detecting the running of any Goods, Merchandizes and Commodities whatsoever, which are cither prohibited to be imported, or which are liable to any Duty or Duties of Customs and Excise, and Inland Duty or Duties, or to any or either of them, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or shall knowingly permit or suffer to be harboured, kept or concealed such prohibited Goods or run Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities whatsoever, liable to any Duty or Duties of Customs, Excise and Inland Duties, or to any or either of them, the Party or Parties offending therein, whether he, she or they, have or have not, or do or do not claim or pretend to have any Property or interest in such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities so harboured, kept or concealed, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities whatsoever so harboured, kept and concealed, and treble the Value thereof.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the single Value and Worth of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatsoever so forfeited, shall, from Time to Time, be deemed and taken to be, according to and at the Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, as the best Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities of the like Sorts, Kinds and Denominations do or shall], at such respective Time or Times, bear and sell for in London.

XVIII. And for the better detecting and discovering the Selling or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, which are or shall be prohibited, or which have been or hereafter shall be run, or shall be pretended so to have been or to be, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in

Prohibited or run case, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, any Goods offered to Person or Persons whatsoever shall offer or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities whatsoever, which are or shall be prohibited, or which actually have been or shall be, or shall by the Party erparties so offering or exposing the same to Sale, be pretended tohave been run, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and other Commodities whatsoever, together with thepackage whatsoever including and containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall] and may be seized by the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so offered or exposed to Sale, or by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; that within the respective Times next after such Seizure herein after mentioned, that is to say, If such Seizure shall be made in any Place or Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, then and in such Case, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, and if such Seizure shall be made in any other Place or Places out of the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, that then and in such Case, within the Space of forty-eight Flours next after such Seizure, such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities so seized, shall from Time to Time, be put into, and be placed, lodged and secured in Manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, If such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities are prohibited or liable unto, or chargeable with only Duties of Customs, or Import Duties, and are not liable unto, or chargeable with any Excise or Inland Duty or Duties, that then the same be put into, and be placed, lodged and secured in some Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to his Majesty, under the Care and Management of some of the Officers of his Custom or Import Duties, near to the Place where the same shall be seized; in case such Seizure be made at a Place too remote from any such Warehouse, the same shall be lodged in some Excise office near to the Place of such Seizure; but if such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or other Commodities be liable to any Excise or Inland Duty or Duties, that then and in such Case, the same within the respective Times aforesaid, be put into, and be placed, lodged and secured in

some

Concealing Goods liable to Duties, forfeits the Goods and treble Value.

The Valu; of Goods forfeited to be taken at the bell Rate.

Sale may be seized

Where such seized Goods shall be lodged.

553

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 30.

some Office or Offices of Excise, or for the said Inland Duties, or other safe Place, under the Custody of forae Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the said Inland Duties, near to the Place where the same shall be so seized as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons whatsoever o.t ina to ale so offering or exposing to Sale such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities as aforesaid, over 1

and besides the forfeiting such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and other Commodities, 'shall also forfeitf'; ! \

and lose the treble Value thereof, to be estimated in Manner as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the like prohibited or i'r h.b 'e^run Goods, Wares and Merchandizes whatsoever, to or as such bought by any Person or Persons what n h C 1 soever, together with the Package containing the same, shall in like Manner be forfeited, and shall and trurr ll,: may be seized, and taken from such Buyer or Buyers thereof, either by the Seller or Sellers thereof or by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; provided that within the like respective Times, as are herein before limited and appointed of and concerning Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities to be seized from the Person or Persons exposing or offering thereof to Sale, such Goods, Wares, aderchau dizes and Commodities so to be seized from such Buyer or Buyers thereof, be placed, lodged and secured in the like Places respectively, and in the like Manner, and in the Custody of the like Persons respectively, as is before directed and appointed, of and concerning Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, seized or to be seized from the Person or Persons offering or exposing thereof to Sale.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every case where any Person or, r {orm Persons whatsoever dial) buy any such prohibited or run Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities uch!e Va" whatsoever, or which by the Seller, at the Time of Selling thereof, shall be pretended so to be either prohi ue'

bited or run, he, she or they so buying, over and besides the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities so bought as aforesaid, shall also forfeit and lose treble the Value thereof, to be computed and estimated in Manner as aforesaid: always, and it is hereby declared, That it is not meant or in Both Buyer and tended by this Act, that As well the Party or Parties buying, as also the Party or Parties selling or offer Seller not r0 te ing or exposing to Sale such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities as aforesaid, shall in any Case or Cases, both and each of them respectively forfeit or be prosecuted for the treble value of one and 1 e ua' 00 !* the same identical Parcel or Parcels of such Goods. Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities as aforesaid, but that the Party or Parties, whether Buyer or Seller of, or offering or exposing to Sale such Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, who with Effebl shall first prosecute the other of the said Parties for such the treble Value of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, shall in every such Case and Cases, be and is hereby declared discharged and acquitted of and from the like forfeiting, or being prosecuted for or on Account of the treble Value of every such respective Parcel and Parcels of Goods,

Wares and Merchandizes, or Commodities, for and on Account whereof the other Party or Parties, shall be prosecuted with Effebl; Provided always, that if within one Month next after making such Seizure as If Prosecution be aforesaid, either by the Seller or Buyer, or by the Party or Parties, to whom such Goods, Wares, Aler novion, menced, chandizes or Commodities are or shall be offered or exposed to Sale, a Prosecution or Prosecutions is not ]on yare. commenced, and afterwards carried on for the adjudging and determining of and concerning the forfeit house keeper ing or not forfeiting of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, by the Party or Parties as may prosecute, shall so seize the same. That then and in every such Case and Cases, the warehouse keeper or Keeper of the Office of Excise or Inland Duties, or oath Person or Persons in whose Custody such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and other Commodities shall be lodged and secured, shall and may prosecute for the Forfeiture of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, as after having been so lodged and secured as aforesaid, shall not within such Alonth next after such Seizure be prosecuted for by the Party or Parties who shall have seized the same.

XXII. And whereas before and at the Time of the Commencement of the Inland Duties upon

Chocolate, granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled. An An io Geo. icio;

for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Pajle imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in Lieu thereof, and for prohibiting the Importation of

Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa p ajle, and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea and Co ' coa nuts imported, there were in his aljesty's Warehouses, inider the Care and Custody of his Officers of Customs, several Quantities of Cocoa paste, and of Chocolate imported ready made, which had been seized for having been imported and landed without making due Entries and paying the Duties thereof: And whereas several other Quantities of Cocoa paste and Chocolate imported and landed and

seized, since the Commencement of the aforesaid Act, and contrary thereto, already are and hereafter may be in such or the like Warehouses: And whereas one Aloiety of the appraised Value of such Co

and imported Chocolate, when condemned in his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer, either at Westminster or in Scotland or of the Rate and Price for which the same hath been or shall be bought at in his said majesty's said Courts respectively, doth and will belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Aloiety to the Party or Parties who seized or hath bought the same as aforesaid;

neither of the said Moieties can be raised, unless the same be sold and disposed of, which cannot be

done without being liable to be seized a second Time, unless the same be enclosed in Paper, stamped or

marked with the Stamp or Mark already provided, in pursuance of the aforesaid abtfor Remedy whereof. Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That as for and concerning such Choco Chocolate, C

or Cocoa paste, as in the Manner before mentioned actually and really was in such Warehouse or Warehoused be

warehouses before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, in1 before

Case the respective Seizors or Buyers thereof do or shall respectively, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of July now next ensuing, enter the same with the respective Receiver or Collector of the Inland Duties entered with the of the Place and Places, where such respective Warehouse or Warehouses shall happen to be, and shall inlandcollector.' vel. V 4 B -- 4c give

He is to give a Certificate of the Quantity, C

nhat it may be stamped, Ssc,

Chocolate ware housed lincc 24 June 1724. en tred with Inland colie&or, and Duty paid.

ea Certificate,

may be fhmped. Concerning Coffee, ttea, C see farther 12 Geo. 1. c. 28.

Gep. 2. C 14.

3 1 & 12 W. 5. C 3. Jec. 36.

8 C 9.

C 6.

10 Anne. 26,

Maker of Candles, except Compounders,

using' any melt ing house, C without a particular Entry thereof, forfeit 3001.

C 30. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724

give to such Receiver or Collector Satisfaction, that such Chocolate or Cocoa paste was actually and really in such respective Warehouse or Warehouses, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, That then and in such Case it ball and may be lawful to and for such Receiver and collector, and he and they respectively are hereby authorised and required, gratis, to give to such Proprietor or Proprietors, under the Hand of such Receiver or Collector, a Certificate and Certificates in Writing, specifying and expressing the respective Quantities of such Chocolate or Cocoa paste, and the Time when, and the Warehouse or Warehouses from whence the same is intended to be taken, to the Intent that by Virtue of such Certificate or Certificates, the respective Seizors or Buyers of such Chocolate or Cocoa paste may either carry the same to the next Office for the said Inland Duties, there to be enclosed in Papers, stamped with the Stamp or Mark, pursuant to the said act appointed, provided and used for Chocolate Stock in Hand, which it is hereby declared, may in such Case lawfully be done without Fee or Reward, or to have such Chocolate or Cocoa paste so to be delivered out, to be made up into Chocolate, after the Manner of making Chocolate in Great Britain, and that after the same shall be so made up as aforesaid, that then the same shall and may be enclosed in Papers, {lamped with the like Stamp and Mark, pursuant to the aforesaid at, appointed and provided, and used for Chocolate Stock in Hand, which it is hereby further declared, shall and may in such Case be likewise lawfully done, without Fee or Reward, and without being charged with or paying the Inland Duty for such Chocolate or Cocoa pafle so to be delivered out by Virtue or Means of such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid; as for and concerning such other seized Chocolate or Cocoa paste, which since the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four has been or hereafter shall be brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, the Seizors or Buyers thereof respectively, upon his, her or their entering the same, with the Receiver or colie£lor of the said Inland Duties of the Place and Places, where such Warehouse or Warehouses shall happen to be, and his, her or their paying or cruising to be paid, to such Receiver or collector, the said Inland Duties for the same, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and sixpence per Pound, and so proportionally for a greater or lefi er Quantity of such Chocolate and Cocoa paste, such Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duties shall and is hereby authorised and required, gratis, to give to such Seizors or Buyers a Certificate or Certificates in Writing under his Hand, specifying and expressing therein the Quantity and Quantities of such Chocolate and Cocoa paste, and of the Time when, and the respective Warehouse and Warehouses from whence such Chocolate or Cocoa paste is to be taken, to the Intent that the same may be either enclosed in Papers {lamped with the Mark or Stamp, pursuant to the said at appointed and provided to denote the charging and paying of the said Inland Duties, either before or after the same shall again be made up into Chocolate in the Manner now used in Great Britain.

5 Geo. 2. c. 24. is Geo. 2. c. 26. 21 Geo. 2. c. 14. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

XXIII. And whereas for want of Means to discover the fraudulent Making of Candles, and of sufficient Penalties to punish the same when discovered, his Majesty is much defrauded of and in his Duties upon Candles, and the fair Traders in Candles are very much discouraged and injured in their respective Trades by the fraudulent and private Makers of Candles For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than and besides Compounders for the Time being for the Duties of Candles by them respectively made or hereafter to be made, shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, make Use of any melting house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room or other Place whatsoever, either for the making or keeping of Candles, or for the melting or keeping of any Wax, Tallow or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, or of any Copper, Kettle, Pot, Furnace or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, for the melting of Wax, Tallow or other Materials to be made into Candles, or of any Mould or Moulds or other Utensil whatsoever, for or in the making of Mould candles, or of other Candles, without first making or having made, with the proper Officer or Officers respectively appointed of to be appointed for that Purpose, at the next Office of Excise, within the Limits whereof either such melting house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room or other Place shall be situate, or such Copper, Kettle, Pot, Furnace, Mould or Moulds, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, shall be so as aforesaid used, a true and particular Entry or Entries in Writing thereof, and of every and each of them respectively; every such Chandler and maker of Candles, other than Compounders for the Duties on Candles, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such melting house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room or other Place whatsoever, and for every such Copper, Kettle, Pot, Furnace, Mould and Moulds, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, so made Use of, without first making or having made thereof respectively such Entry and Entries as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas when Excise officers, either early in the Mornings or in the Evenings, repair and go to the Houses, work houses and other Places belonging to and made use of either by professed Chandlers or Makers of Candles for Sale, or by others who privately and clandestinely make Candles,

(not being Compounders) in order to search such Houses, work houses and other Places, in order to

discover the clandestine making of Candles at such Houses, work houses and other Places, the Persons concerned in such Frauds, pretending such Time and Times of such coming of such Officer or Officers to be in the Night, and not in the Day, they the said Officers ought to have with them some Constable or other Officer of the Peace: And whereas by Colour thereof, and on other like Pretences, the Ex 4 cife officers are not admitted to enter into such Houses, work houses and other Places, but are debarred

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 30. 555

barred therefrom, and kept out of such Houses, work houses and other Places, and thereby are prc vented and hindered from discovering such Frauds as then are there respectively carrying on For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the find twenty-fourth Statute Hour! Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, upon Demand and Request made by any

Officer or Officers of Excise, between the Hours of i1 ive in the Morning and Eleven in the Evening, t7, 1

either with or without a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, or between the Hours of Eleven in conf.jbic or the Evening and Five in the Morning, with a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, the Door and without.

Doors of such House, work house or other Place whatsoever, are not immediately opened, and if such Officer or Officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to outer and go into any House, work house or other Place whatsoever, belonging to or made use of by either any such professed Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, or by such private Makers of Candles, not being Compounders; and jf', 'njhy for ob such Officer or Officers, being so entered into such House, work house or other Place or Places whatso "col ever, all Chefls, Trunks, Boxes, Drawers or other like Things, are not upon the Demand or Requell C'of such Officer or Officers immediately opened, or if such Officer or Officers is not permitted quietly to search and examine all such Houses, work houses or other Places whatsoever, and also all Chefls,

Trunks, Boxes, Drawers or other like filing or Things there found; or if by keeping such Houses, work houses or other Places, or such Chefls, Trunks, Boxes, Drawers or other Tiling or Things locked or otherwise fallned; or if by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, such Officer or Officers shall be obllruisfed from or hindered or molelled in such searching and examining any such House, work house or other Place whatsoever, or such Clieft, Trunk, Box, Drawer or other like Thing or Things whatsoever; that then and in every such Case and Cases the Offender therein shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXV. And whereas Excise officers coming to search the unentred Houses, work houses and other Places of private and clandestine Makers of Candles for Sale, are by one Means or other kept out of e and not permitted to enter or go into such unentred Houses, work houses or Places, until either a ' Stop is put to the Work there going on, or until the Candles there privately made or making are car ried off, hut upon such their Searches do find such other Circumfbnces and Things in such Posture and Condition, as sufficiently demonstrate that at such Time and Times such private making of Can ' dies was carrying on, or just before had been there carried on; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by If Officer, on the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven lurching an on hundred and twenty live, any Excise officer or Officers, on his or their searching any unentred House,

Workhouse or Place, shall find Candles, either made or making, or hall find Tallow or other Materials candles, cit for making Candles, melting or then melted, or Cottons or Ruffles spread for the making of Candles, or shall be sufficient any Copper or other Vessel or Utensil for melting Tallow to be made into Candles, or any Mould or Evidence to con other Utenfll for the dipping or making Candles, warm with Tallow, or other Materials for the making vift the Of candles, remaining at the Bottom or about the Sides of such Copper, Mould or other Vessel or Utensil 'ca er' as aforesaid, such finding in such unentred House, work house or other Place, such Tallow or other Materials for making Candles, so melting or melted, or such Cottons or Rufties so spread, or any such Copper, Mould or other Vessel or Utensil warm with Tallow, or other Materials remaining at the Bottom or about the Sides of such Copper, Mould or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be and hereby is declared to be sufficient Evidence to convict every the Offender or Offenders, in every such Case and Cases, of having at that Time made Ufc of such House, work house or other Place, or of such Copper, Mould or other Vessel or Utensil, and to subject and make him, her or them, where the same, or any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall be found, liable to the aforesaid Penalty and for Penalty tool, feirure of one hundred Pounds, for having at such Time and Times made Use of them, every or any of them, without having made such Entry or Entries thereof as is before required; unless the Party or Parties prosecuted for the same shall give to the Commissioners or Justices respectively before whom such Prosecution shall depend or be depending, such Satisfaction therein as shall to them respectively appear to be sufficient to acquit him, her or them of and from the same.

XXVI. And whereas such private and clandestine Makers of Candles for Sale as aforesaid, do assume to themselves, and are called by other than their true Names, and when discovered, to avoid being pro fccuted fortlie same, do withdraw and abscond themselves, that they may not personally have Notice of any Prosecution for the same, or be served with any Summons or Process to answer the same: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day What shall be of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the leaving a Summons at the Place or Places where monsto on fonj such Discovery as aforesaid shall be made, directed to the Person or Persons who shall be prosecuted for using unentred making or having made Use of such unentred House, work house or other Place, orof such unentred work houses. Copper, Mould or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid, for making Candles for Sale, directed to such Person or Persons by his, her or their right or assumed Name or Names, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be as legal and cffeiffual Notice and Summons, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Notice or Summons was personally given or delivered to or into the Hands of the Party or Parlies for whom the same shall be designed, and as if such Notice or Summons was directed to the Party or Parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her or their proper Name or Names.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said twenty Making Candles fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, any Chandler or Maker of Candles without Notice for Sale shall begin to work upon, dip or make any Course or Making of Candles, not being Mould Candles, or in order thereto shall make any of the Preparations herein after mentioned, without first et CL 6 5° making and delivering, or causing to be made and delivered, to the Officer or Officers under whose Survey such Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale shall he, a Declaration in Writing of his, her or their Intern

4 B C z tion

What shall be deemed to be a Beginning to work on a Course of Candles.

Candles not en tred, found in Chandlers pof session, and of which the Officer has no Account, C

Chandler to pay the Duty,

or liable to a double Duty, unless, C

Mixing Candles, or removing them, before weighing, C forfeits tool.

Concerning can dies see farther a 3 Geot 2. C 21. 26 Geo. 2. f. 32.

On Request of an Officer to a Conftble, C to go with him, Constable, C refusing, for fens 201.

C 30. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

tion to make such Course or Making of Candles, and of the particular Hour or Time of the Day or Night when such Course or Making is intended to be begun, and of the true Number of Sticks of which such Course or Making is intended to consist, and of the Sizes and true Number of Candles intended to be made on every and each Stick intended to be made in and at such Making or Course, every such Chandler and Maker of Candles for Sale, on every Failure or Default in all or any the Particulars before mentioned, or having in and at such Making or Course more Sticks or more Candles, or larger or bigger Candles on any Stick or Sticks in or of such Making or Course, than shall be mentioned in such Declaration, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lole the Sum of fifty Pounds, and if after such Declaration so made as aforesaid, such Making or Course of Candles shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the Hour and Time or Times mentioned in such Declaration, or in three Hours next after such Hour and Time, then every such Declaration shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXVIII. And for avoiding Disputes of what ball or shall not be deemed to be a Beginning to work upon a Making or Course of Candles, Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That lighting any Fire under any Copper, Kettle or other Utensil for the melting Tallow or other Materials for the making Candles, or the finding in such Copper, Kettle or other Utensil, or in any Mould or other Utensil for the dipping of Candles, Tallow or other Materials for the making of Candles melted or melting, or Cottons or Rufbes spread or spreading, every or any of them shall be deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be such a Beginning to make and work upon such making of Candles, as shall make and cause every such Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, where the same or any of them shall be found, subject and liable to the aforesaid Penalty and Forfeiture, and the aforesaid Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, there shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, any Candles not mentioned in any Entry or Entries of Candles made by such Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, and of which the Officer or Officers, under whose Survey such Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale shall be, hath not had any Declaration or Account, and that the Duties thereof have not been duly charged and paid, that then and in every such Case every such Chandler and Maker of Candles for Sale, where such Candles shall be so found, shall be deemed to be and is hereby declared to be chargeable, and is hereby charged with, and shall pay the Duties of such Candles so found; and in case he, she or they do not pay off and discharge the said Duties, shall be liable to the double Duty of such Candles; unless he, she or they shall prove that the Duties thereof have been before paid by him, her or them, or that he, she or they bought them of some other Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, who before such buying thereof had paid or been duly charged with the Duties thereof, and shall also prove, that by the Space of six Hours next before the buying thereof, he, she or they did give to the Officer or Officers, under whose Survey he, she or they shall be, or at the next Excise office, Notice in Writing of his', her or their Intention to buy such Candles as shall be so found as aforesaid, and of whom they were or were intended to be bought.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, any Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale shall mix or mingle Candles which have not been duly weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise with others which have been weighed, or shall, from the Place or Places of his, her or their making of Candles, fraudulently remove Candles before they have been weighed by the Surveying Officer or Officers, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Candles whatsoever, or Materials for the making of Candles, with Intent to deceive his Majesty of or in his Duties upon Candles, that then and in every such Case respectively every such Chandler and Maker of Gandies for Sale shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And whereas by the Statutes and Laws relating to the Duties of Excise, and to other Du ' ties under the Receipt and anagemept of the respective Commissions of Excise, either as Comrriiffio ners of Excise, or as Commissioners of those respective other Duties, several and respective particular Acts and Things authorised by the said Statutes to be done by the Officer or Officers of Excise, and of and for the said other respective Duties, some in the nighttime, and others in the daytime, are by the said Statutes, directed to be done in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, but not without such Presence of such Constable or other Officer of the Peace: And whereas of late Con ' tables and Officers of the Peace, upon Request duly made to them, have refused and do refuse to go with fuel) Officers of and for the said Duties, and to be present at the doing and performing such Act ' and Acts, Thing and Things, at the doing and performing whereof their Presence is absolutely necessary, and for want whereof such Acts have remained and do remain undone, whereby his Majesty's Revenues arising by the said Duties are very much leftened; 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said twenty-fourth Days June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, upon due Request made by any Officer or Officers of Excise or of the Duties be or any of them, to any Constable, Headborough or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace, to go along with him or them, and to be present at the doing or performing of any such Act or Acts, Thing or Things, al the doing and performing whereof the Presence of such Constable, Headborough or other Officer of the Peace, by the Statutes already made or hereafter to be made, is or shall be necessary, such Constable, Headborough or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace, shall refuse and neglect to go along with or to be present with such Officer or Officers of and for the said Duties, or any of them, at the doing or performing such Act or Acts, Thing or Things; and if such Constable, Headborough or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace, after such Request, shall not go along with such Officer or Officers, and shall not be present at the doing such Act or Acts, Thing or Things, at the doing and performing whereof the Presence of such Constable, headbtaough or other Officer of the Peace, by the said t Laws -

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Rems.

C 30. 557

Laws and Statutes Is or shall be necessary; then and in every such Case such Constable, hcadborou^h or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace so refusing, neglecting and not going or being present, shall for every such Offence, Neglect or not going or being present, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And whereas notwithstanding the at made in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, ' Post office and House money, great Difficulties have frequently arisen upon tits Trial of diverse Actions, ' and other Prosecutions concerning his Majesty's Revenue, or for refilling or obstructing tile Officers thereof in the Execution of their Officers, by requiring ftriisl Proof of the Commissions, Deputations or other Authorities of such Officers For Remedy thereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, if upon the Trial of any Information, Action or Suit whatsoever, relating to his Majesty's Customs or Excise, or the Duties upon Salt, or to any other Duties whatsoever, or to any Seizure or Seizures, Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, touching or concerning the said Duties or any of them, or the Collection thereof; or if upon the Trial of any Indictment, Action, Suit or Prosecution whatsoever, against any Person or Persons for anything done by Virtue or in Pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties, or any of them; or if upon the Trial of any Information or Indictment for assaulting, resisting or obstructing any Officer or Officers of the Customs, Excise or Duties upon Salt, or other Duties due and payable to his Majesty, in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, or for refeuing any Goods or Merchandizes seized or to be seized by any such Officer or Officers; any Question shall arise, whether any Person be an Officer of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or for any of the said Duties: In every of the said Cases, Proof shall and may be made and admitted, that such Person was reputed to be, and had acted in, and in fact exercised such Office, and at the respective Time and Times, when the Matter or Matters in Controversy upon such Trial ortt ials shall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular Commission, Deputation or other Authority, whereby such Officer was constituted and appointed, and that in every such Case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by the Judges or Justices before whom any such Trial shall be hadj to be good and legal Evidence, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

9 Geo. 2. c. 35. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31. 18 Geo. 2. c. 28. 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. C is £? 29.

c. 17

0 Geo. 1. C it.

If on Tris! of an Infcrma'! n relating to tl.r Custorrn, Excise, C any Qocjtion arift whet ter the Prrlbn be art ohicer of the Duties,

Pr oof shall be admitted that he was reputed to be such Officer, without producing the com mifiiun, &c. coeccrning co jims see farther 3 2 Geo. 1. c. 28. 1 Geo. 2. St. 2. ri Geo. 2. c. 10.

XXXIII. And whereas by the unfair and fraudulent Practises of some Makers of Sope, not only his

majesty's Revenue, arising by and from the Duties on Sope, is very much lessened, but other Makers of Sope, and fair Traders therein, are thereby very much discouraged and injured; 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of junesops makers to one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, every Maker and Makers of Sope respectively, before he, give Notice of the or they doth, do or shall begin to make or work upon any making of Sope of any Sort or Kind what the Tlnlc, of soever, shall give to the Officer of the Division or Place where such Sope is intended to be made. Notice nl'1'lns b°f"'in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when and at which such making is intended to be begun, as

herein after is mentioned, (that is to say) if such making is intended to be in or at any Place or Places if within the within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then and in such Case such Notice shall be by the Weekly Bills, Space of twelve Hours next before the Beginning of every such making; and if such making is intended to 17 ^oul^ be in or at any other Place or Places out of the Limits of the said Weekly Bills, then and in such case'^'jti such Notice shall be by the Space of twenty-four Hours' next before the Beginning of every such making; E 24

on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds, at every Time and Times when any making of Sope shall be begun to be made or wrought upon, without first giving such Notice as aforesaid. Forfeiture 50j.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the putting Lees or whatifcall be Lye into the Copper, Pan or other Utensil whatsoever, usually and commonly used by such Maker of a Begin sope for the making of Sope, shall be deemed to be and is hereby declared to be a Beginning to vork ning 10 work upon and make such making of Sope, and shall subject the Maker of Sope, where the same shall be

sound and discovered, to the Penalty and Forfeiture before mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such intended making of Sope, Notice voii if

whereof such Notice shall have been given, shall not be begun to be worked upon, and to be actually making donoi making, within the Times herein after mentioned, (that is to say) if within the Limits of the said Week,

ly Bills, then and in such Case within the Space of six Hours; and if in any other Place or Places out of weekly Bills, the Limits of the said Weekly Bills, then and in such Case within the Space of twelve Hours next after or 12 Hours the particular Time or Hour mentioned and expressed in such Notice or Notices respectively; and in elfcwlifi*. every such Case and Cases, such Notice and Notices respectively shall be null, void and of no Effect; and Penalty on ma every Maker whatsoever of Sope, who after the Expiration of the said Time's shall begin to make or ky working work upon such Making of Sope, without having first given a new or other like Notice as aforesaid, of^"hout new his, her or their Intention to make or work upon such Making, shall in every such Case incur and be utlcc' subject unto the like Penalty and Forfeiture, as if he, she or they had not thereof given any Notice at all.

XXXVI. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen 10 Aon. C

Annf, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and friped Linens imported, and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, LI

and Stuffs, printed, painted or Jiained; and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper,

and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, towards her Majests Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, and for the better securing her Majesty's

Duties

I

Stale or rotten Sope put into any. Makings of Sope without due Notice to the Officer, no Allowance to be made for it.

Officers pretending to have had due Notice, and making Allowance, £rc. forfeit ios. for every Pound,

and also the Maker.

jiow these Penalties shall be sued for, and

divided

Attempting to Oorrupt the Officers of Excise, fprfpiis 500.i.

C 30. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1724.

Duties to arise in ike Office for the Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; for Relief of Persons ivbo have not claimed their Lottery tickets in due Time, or have lojt Exchequer bills or Lottery tickets;

and for berrotuing aloney upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the south-sea Company, for the life of the Publick,) It is amongp other Things provided and enacted, That in case Hale or rotten Sope, or Cuttings of Sope, be put into a Copper or Pan, in the Presence of an Officer for the said Duties, in order to be

refreshed or made new, such Officer shall from time to time make an Allowance of the Duty of the Pale

or rotten Sope or Cuttings so put in, and certify every such Allowance upon his Report to be returned to the Head Office in the said Act mentioned.

XXXVII. And whereas, under Colour and Pretence of making such Allowances, purfyant to thd aforesaid Clause, and by Combinations and Confederacies between fraudulent Makers of Sope and corrupted Officers of and for the said Duties, who by Bribes have been prevailed upon, in such their Re

ports of the Makings of Sope, sometimes to certify great Quantities of Pale or rotten Sope, or of Cut

tings of Sope, put into such Makings of Sope, when in Sass and in Truth no such Pale or rotten Sope,

or Cuttings of Sope, have really and in Fact been put into such Makings of Sope; and at other Times,

when small Quantities of Pale or rotten Sope, or of Cuttings of Sope, have been put into such Makings of Sope, such Officers have been by the Means aforesaid prevailed upon to certify, in such his and their 1 Report and Reports Quantities of such Pale or rotten Sope, or Cuttings of Sope, much greater and far exceeding the Quantity or Quantities which at such Time and Times really and in Fact have been and were put into such respective Makings of Sope, whereby his Majepy has been greatly defrauded of and in his Duties on Sope; For preventing whereof for the Future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pale or rotten Sope, or any Cuttings of Sope, in order to the refrepting thereof, Piall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five be put into any Making or Makings of Sope, unless of the Intention and Designing so to put such Pale or rotten Sope or Cuttings of Sope there shall be or Piall have been given to the Officer of the Division or Place where such putting in is intended to be, such Notice in Writing as herein after is mentioned (that is to say) if such putting in is to be within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, then and in such Case, by the Space of twelve Hours next before the respective Time and Times of such putting in such Pale or rotten. Sope or Cuttings of Sope; but if in any other Place or Places out of the Limits of the said weekly Bills, then and in such Case, by the Space of twenty-four Hours next before the respective Time and Times of such putting in such Pale or rotten Sope or Cuttings of Sope, that in every such Case and Cases whatsoever, where such putting in shall be, or shall have been without such Notice, the Officer shall not certify such putting in, or any Allowance for or in Respect thereof; nor shall the Maker or Makers of Sopej in any such Case or Cases, have or be entitled to have any Allowance or Allowances whatsoever, for or in Respect of such putting in such Pale or rotten Sope, or of such Cuttings of Sope; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the said Duties on Sope, shall falsely pretend that he or they hath or have had due Notice in Writing of such putting in of such Pale or rotten Sope or of such Cuttings of Sope, in any Case and Cases where and in which he or they really and in Fact shall not have had such due Notice in Writing, and shall make such Allowance and Allowances as aforesaid, and shall falsely certify the same, every such Officer and Officers, for every Pound Weight of such Pale or rotten Sope or Cuttings of Sope, so falsely allowed or certified as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings; and every such Maker and Makers of Sope, who shall demand, claim, have, or take any Benefit or Advantage for or in Respect of any such Allowance, so falsely made or certified by such Officer or Officers, in every such Case and Cases shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound weight of such Pale or rotten Sope or Cuttings of Sope, as shall be claimed, demanded, had or taken by such Maker or Makers of Sope, for and in Respect of such Allowance, so falsely made or certified by such Officer or Officers.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and

Forfeitures by this Act before imposed, of and concerning the suing for, recovering and dividing whereof other Directions are not herein given, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws relating to his majepy's Revenues of Excise, or any of them, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his majepy's Courts of Record at Westminster for or on Account of anything done or omitted to be done contrary to this Act in the Part and Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for or on Account of anything done or omitted to be done contrary to this Act in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture Piall be to the Use of his Majepy, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall lue or inform for the same.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if and in case any Person or Persons whatsoever, liable to the said Duties on Sope, or to the Duties of Excise, or to any otherduty or.duties whatsoever, under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise, either as Commissioners of Excise, or as Commissioners of such other Duty or Duties, or to any of them, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any Officer or Officers of or for the Duties due or payable for and in respect of the Goods, Wares or Commodities before mentioned, or of any or either of them respectively, either to door perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers, or to neglect or omit to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Tilings whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business and Duty of such Officer and Officers, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud

3 or

A.D. 1724. Anno undecimo Georgii Regis. C 30. 559'

or Frauds relating to the said Duties, or any of them, or not to discover the same, flail from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five give or offer to give

or secure to any such Officer or Officers, any Bribe, Gratuity, or other Reward whatsoever; fanbtrvrvm

then and in every such Case and Cases the Offender and Offenders therein respectively flail, for every '"Z

such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, which shall and may be sued for, levied, C '

recovered and mitigated by such Ways. Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be

sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint 2. C 34. 23go.

or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer 2. <. z6. zin

Scotland; and that one Moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Gc0 '7*

Moiety thereof to the Poor of such Parish or Place where such Offence shall happen to be committed. ZQ' 9*

XLI. And whereas by an act made and passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti 1 3 r' 7'

tuled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parts, and for better fairing the Du Recital of the ties on Salt, It is amongst other Things enacted, That at the End of every fishing Season the Officer for A<T5C'0'.1 ' the Duty on Salt shall take a particular Account of thequantities of Foreign and British Salt respectively*

remaining in Hand, which remaining Salt shall be immediately locked up in the joint Custody of the Of Filter

and Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, and the said Proprietor or Proprietors,

his or their Agent or Agents of the said Salt, using the said Salt, flail as soon as possible after the End ' of every fishing Season, deliver an Account in Writing into the said Office for the said Duty on Salt,

containing the Quantity of Fish exported and entered, or shipped to be exported, on which the Salt taken away after its Delivery into the sole Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, has been used or consumed, together with a Certificate or Certificates, by the Proper Officers of the several Ports where the said Fish were shipped for Exportation, verifying the said Account, which \ Certificates the said Officers are thereby directed to give gratis; which said Account delivered into the said Office s aforesaid, shall be affirmed by the Oath of the said Proprietor or Proprietors using the said Salt as aforesaid, or his or their Agent or Agents, who have used the same, and flail remain in the said Office, to the End that the Quantity of Fish cured for Exportation, and the Quantity of Salt used in curing the said Fish, may from time to time appear upon Oath, and be compared together; and in case any of the said Salt shall be delivered over to any other Persons, and used by them in curing of Fish,

1 the several Quantities ol Salt so delivered over shall be expressed in the said Account, and each Person to whom such Salt shall be so delivered, or his Agent, flail likewise upon Oath make another Account of the particular Quantity of such Salt used by each of them in the curing of Fish so exported or shipped for Exportation as aforesaid, which said Account, together with proper Certificates as aforesaid,

shall likewise be transmitted into the Office aforesaid, there to remain for the purposes abovementioned;

but if such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, or any other Person or Persons, to whom any Quantity of Salt should be by them delivered over as aforesaid, should for the Space of six Months after the End of every respective fishing Season, neglect or refuse to deliver such Account at tested upon Oath as aforesaid, such Proprietor or Proprietors, and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, should lor every such Offence forfeit forty Pounds: And whereas since the making of the said Add,

several Frauds and Abuses, and many Inconveniences have been discovered, whereby his Majesty's A Revenue arising out of the said Salt, has been very much lessened, and the certain Quantity of Salt used in the curing of Fish not any ways ascertained, they the said Proprietors, at their Pleasure, during 6 the fishing Season, convert and dispose of, for their own private Advantage, but in a secret Manner,

6 great Quantities of Salt to Persons unknown, who fell the same, without paying any Duty for the same,

or giving any Account thereof, as by the said at is required, by which Means the fair Trader also is undersold Now for preventing for the future any Frauds, Imbezilments or Misapplications of any Salt, whether Britif or Foreign, and for avoiding all Disputes and Controversies that may hereafter happen or arise between the Owners of Saltworks, Proprietors of Salt for curing of Fish, and the Officers for the Duty on Salt, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, if any Proprietor or Proprietors of Salt, proprietors deli his or their Agent or Agents, flail deliver over to any Person or Persons any Quantity of Salt, which he vering over any flail have received from the proper Officer or Officers as aforesaid, such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or Salt to anyper their Agent or Agents flail, by Oath or otherwise, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Offi j°n> re, ce hej. cer or Officers, that such Salt so parted with, or delivered pver to any Person or Persons as aforesaid, was by him or them used in curing of Fish according to the intent and Meaning of the said Acff; and in th Vas'ufci Default thereof, every Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, shall be adjudged guilty in curingfiflt. of Imbezilment and Misapplication of such Salt, and flail for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling. _ _, _ Forfeiture, CI

XLII. And whereas by the said recited Act it is further enacted, That the present Allowances given by the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt, upon the Exportation of Fish cured with Foreign Salt, should sgco. ic. is, ' be no longer paid upon Fish exported, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, but that the Curers of Fish, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, should and might cure their Fish with British or foreign Salt, without paying any Duty for the same, except the Customs payable upon the Impo tation of foreign Salt, and be entitled to have and receive upon the Exportation thereof such and no other Allowances,

1 than are therein mentioned and appointed: And whereas the Time limited by the said at for theex portation of Fish cured with Foreign Salt, so as to be entitled to the Allowances then given, was too short in respect that being the prime Season of the salmon fishing, confulerable Quantities of Salmon 6 and Codfish were then in the Hands of several Curers of Fish in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

which they were under a Necessity to cure with Foreign Salt, the Duties whereof were either paid or

secured

secured to be paid: And whereas it may be just and reasonable, that the Curers and Proprietors of all such Fish, addually and really in Hand on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, legally and duly cured with foreign Salt, according to the several Adds of Parliament in that Behalf, the Duties of which Salt were either paid or secured to be paid, should be paid the same Allowances, and in the same Manner as if exported on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; ' Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Relief for foreign That the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon receiving a satisfadfory Proof of im' Salmon'a" d wat qu3111'1'68 f Salmon and Codfish were actually and really in Hand on the said twenty-fourth Day coffish insco^ ot June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, duly cured with foreign Salt, and legally exported, the in 1779, and le Duties whereof have been either paid or are secured to be paid, shall and may order and direct the proper gaily exported. Officers to make out Debentures to the Proprietors of Curers of such Fish, certifying the Allowances for Filter nxcmi. the Fish contained in such Debentures to be the same as were payable before the said twenty-fourth Day 7tlr' 3 Ge' of Jane one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and to be paid in the same Manner.

5 Geo. 2. c. 6. S Geo. 2. c. 12. 14. Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. ». <. 3 S' 32.

fi Geo. 1. c. 13.

43 EC. 12.

23 & 14 Car. 2. C 23.

7 Geo. 1. c. 27. SV 1. Co 15.

The Insurance Companies may plead the General Issue in Actions brought against them

Policies of insurance to be damped, on Forfeiture of 1001.

Promissory Notes for Insurances void.

See farther concerning Insurance, 29 Geo. 2. c. 37.

XLIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better feeuring certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by two Charters for Af 4 finance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry; and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practises therein mentioned, his Majesty was enabled to erect two distinct Corporations for Assurance of Ships, Goods and Merchandizes at Sea or going to Sea, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleated pursuant to the said Add, to erect two distinct Corporations for the Purposes aforesaid, one by the Name and Title of The Royal Exchange ajturance, and the other by the Name and Title of The London assurance; and whereas the said Corporations, in Pursuance of the said Act, and the Ends and Purposes for which they were so incorporated, have, from Time to Time, as Occasion hath required, entered into and executed great Numbers of Policies of Assurance for the assuring of Ships and Goods and Merchandizes, at Sea or going to Sea, and still continue so to do; but by Reason of their being Bodies Corporate, such Policies of Assurance could not be entered into by their subscribing of the same, as is the constant Usage for private Insurers to do, but the respective Common Seals of the said Corporations are set to such Policies of Assurance, and by Means thereof, the Manner of Proceeding and Pleadings in any Suit or Action to be commenced upon such Policy of Assurance under the respective Common Seals of the said Corporations are different from the Proceedings and Pleadings in Actions and Suits commenced upon Policies of Affu ranee entered into by private Insurers, or Persons not incorporated in Manner as aforesaid; and by rea son of the Necessity of pleading specially in such Cases, the whole Merit of the Case in question cannot oftentimes come into Consideration, and the Jury, by the Rules of Law, are often obliged to find a 4 Verdict for the whole Sum of Money allured, though it be never so apparent, that in Justice only a 4 small Part thereof is due to the assured by such Policies of Assurance; and the said Corporations are thereby forced to seek Relief in Courts of Equity, when the Matter in question might be as well deter mined at once by a Jury, as it is done in the Case of private Insurers or Persons not incorporated; For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, on all Actions of Debt to be sued or commenced ajpinft either of the said Corporations, upon any Policies of Assurance under the Common Seal of such Corporation for the assuring of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea or going to Sea, it shall or may be lawful to and for the said respective Corporations, in such Action or Suit, to plead generally, that they owe nothing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Action; and that in all Actions of Covenant, which shall be sued or commenced against either of the said Corporations upon any such Policy of Assurance under the Common Seal of such Corporation for the assuring any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandizes, at Sea or going to Sea, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Corporations, in such Action or Suit, to plead generally, that they have not broke the Covenants in such Policy contained, or any of them; and if thereupon Issue shall be joined, it shall and may be lawful for the Jury, if they shall see Cause upon the Trial of such Issue, to find a Verdict for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Action, and to give so much or such Part only of the Sum demanded if it be an Action of Debt, or so much Damage if it be an Action of Covenant, as it shall appear to them upon the Evidence given upon such Trial, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ought in Justice to have, or is or are entitled unto; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And whereas several Persons have of late endeavoured to evade the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Policies of Assurance or Insurance, by giving Promifl ary Notes instead of Policies for the in luring Goods, Ships or Merchandizes at Sea, by which Notes thelnfurer notifies or exprefi es the Terms on which he would insure, to the great Detriment and Loss of his Majesty's Revenue; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Vessel, Goods or Merchandizes shall be insured, a Policy duly stamped shall be issued, or at least made out within the Space of three Days at furthest, and the Insurer or Insurers neglecting to make out such a Policy or Policies within the Time aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to be sued for and recoveted, and divided in the same Way and Manner, as other Penalties and Forfeitures may be sued for, recovered and divided by the Laws relating to the Stamp-duties; and all Prorniflary Notes for Assurances or Insurances of Ships, Goods or Merchandizes at Sea or going to Sea, are hereby declared void, and nothing shall be recovered thereon by the insured.

Anno

21 Geo. 2. c. 4. 25 Geo. 2. c. 26.

56 9

A.D. 1725. C r, 2.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magnae Britannia?, Francice & Hibernia, duodecimo.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the ninth Day of Gilder, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five; being the fourth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty six. EXP. z s. in the Pound.

Surplus arising hereby how appropriated, 12 Geo. 1. c. 12. fedl 28.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million, to be raised by way of a Lottery

"j\/fost Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Ce t st3t ' J.VII. Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding five hundred thou, 7. relating sand Pounds, by charging Annuities at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Civil 10 de3uftion5 of List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown, and for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (by causing such 6 APER Centum

a Deduction to be made, as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil List the Payments which shall have ontkecml Llfl been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery Fickcts; and for discharging

the Corporation for assurances, of Part of the Money they were obliged to pay to his Majesty; and for making good a Deficiency to the East-india Company, it was (amongst many other Matters and Things) enabled,

That to the End your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, might be enabled to reimburse such Sum and Sums of Money, as in Pursuance of the said Act (hold be issued out of the Civil List Revenues, for or towards Payment of the Annuities charged by the said Act, it should and might be lawful for your Majesty, your Heirs or Successors, to cause a Deduction to be made, not exceeding sixpence in the pound,

out of all Moneys, which from and after the first Day of Augijl one thousand seven hundred and twenty one should be paid for or upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon any of the said Hereditary and Temporary Duties, and for and upon all Salaries, Sees and Wages, payable for or in respet of Offices of

Profit, granted by or derived from the Crown, and for and upon all other Payments from the Crown

whatsoever, or for or upon any Arrearages of them, or any of them, incurred or to be incurred (the Pay ' of Commission and non cominiliton Officers and private Men, serving in the Navy or Army, cnly and always excepted) the same dedutions to be made for the Use of your Majesty, your Heirs and Succef fors, for the Benefit of your or their Civil Government, so long as the said Annuities should, by Virtue of the said Add, be payable out of the Revenues charged therewith as aforesaid, and until the same Annui ties should be redeemed, pursuant to the said Act, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, more fully and at large it doth and may appear: And whereas by Virtue and in Pursuance of another AT of

Parliament made and passed in the eleventh Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming ar(j.

the Annuities of twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, charged on the Civil List Revenues by an Act of the ceo. ic 17.

seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; and for discharging the Debts and Arrears due fresh his Majesty to his Ser concerning Ex ' vants, Tradsfnien, and others, a Number of new Exchequer bills, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of chequer Brils

one million of Pounds Sterling, were made forth, and the Principal, Interest, Pramium, or Rate to grow c!lar£c(i thereen.

due thereon, were charged and chargeable upon the Moneys arisen or to arise by or from the said De ' dutions, and also upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times, from and after the making forth such Exchequer bills, should be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen or to arise from all or any the Duties, Revenues or Branches granted to your Majesty for the Support of your Household, and the Honour

and Dignity of the Crown, as well those which are Hereditary, as those which are granted dining your

majesty's Life; and from and after your majesty's Demise, then upon all such Moneys as from thenceforth

Avail grow due and come into the Receipt of the Exchequer from the Hereditary Revenues, Duties and Branches therein mentioned, except as therein is excepted and provided; and the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum not exceeding one million, in Exchequer bills, was issued and applied for the Redemption of the said Annuity of twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, and the re maining five hundred thousand Pounds in Exchequer bills was issued towards satisfying the Debts and Arrears, and other Uses of your majesty's Civil Government, as in and by the said raft mentioned Act ' was direted and appointed: Now the Public Service requiring that the Exchequer bills remaining un cancelled and undischarged, which were issued by Virtue of the said Act, and which do amount to the

Principal Sum of nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds flvould, without Delay, be cancelled and discharged, 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's t]le ^, uc. most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and tions continued!

v01. V 4 D Commons,

7 Geo. i. Sut. I. «. 27.

?o; oco 1. to be the yearly Fund 'at three per Centum.

To be paid Half, yearly at the Bank.

First Payment on 25 Dec. 1726.

any persons may be Contributors.

Allowance for promptpayment.

Treasury to appoint Managers.

Books with three Columns to be prepared.

C 2. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1 725,

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to continue the said Deductions of sixpence in the Pound for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, in the same Manner, and as the said Deductions have been made and raised by Virtue of the said Act passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, subject nevertheless to the Savings and Exceptions in the said Act mentioned.

II. And to the End a Sum of Money may be raised by way of a Lottery for and towards discharging and cancelling the said Exchequer bills remaining uncancelled, and other public Services; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, the full Sum of thirty thousand Pounds by and out of the Moneys, which from and after the said feast day hall arise and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of or for the said Deductions of sixpence in the Pound, hall be, and the same yearly Sum of thirty thousand Pounds is by this Act declared and enacted to be a particular Fund and Security for answering and paying all and every the Annuities or yearly Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per centumperannum, to the Contributors in the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in the Manner hereafter in this Aftexprefied, until the Redemption thereof, according to the Proviso hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf; and that the said yearly Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, orfo much thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the Sums which hall grow due from Time to Time for or upon the said Annuities at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall from Time to Time be paid half yearly at Glorijlmas and Midsummer, by even and equal Portions, until Redemption of the said Annuities according to the true Meaning of this Act, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, by way of Impressed and upon Account for Payment of the same Annuities; the first Payment of the said yearly Sum to the said Cashier to be made on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now b ing, and the High Treasurer, Under Treasurer and Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to cause the said yearly Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, to be. imprested and paid from Time to Time to the said Cashier accordingly, without any further or other Authority for the same; any former Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards raising the said Sum of one million it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute by paying, at or before the respective Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer for every such Sum of ten Pounds, which he, she or they shall so advance, shall be interested in such Lot or" Share of and in the said yearly Fund established by this Act, as is herein after directed and appointed, and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers at such Time or Times, and in such Proportions at a Time, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, as shall be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby empowered to cause such an Allowance out of the Sum so to be contributed, or any of them, for prompt Payment, to be made as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think meet and reasonable.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do and perform such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this Aift directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors hall meet together from Time to Time at some public Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trails in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers or Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns, and upon the innermost of the said three Columns there shall be printed one hundred thousand Tickets, numbered one, two, three, and so onwards in Arithmetical pro gression, where the common Excess is to be one, until they rise to and for the Number of one hundred thousand; and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed one hundred thousand Tickets, of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the said Books there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines Flourishes or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket) Words to this effect, The Bearer hereof is entitled to seven Pounds ten Shillings., Part of the Joint Stock of nne million, 'attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or to a better Chance.

"Treasury to appoint Receivers. Managers to examine the Books. Tickets nrt disposed of to be kept as "cash in the Exchequer. Middle Column Tickets to be rolled up, and put into Box [A.] Inner "to remain in the Books. Other Books with two Columns. Soooo ticke's shall be Fortunate, and "the Managers shall cause to be written upon one of them 20, 000 1. upon two 10, 000l. upon two 5000l.

11 upon three 3000l. upon five 2000l. upon twenty-eight .1000l. upon forty-nine 500/, upon three hun 1 "dred

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis, 'C 2. 571.

"tired raid sixty too I. upon seven thousanul five hundred and fifty 20 /. which Principal Sunt;, together "with co. /. the first drawn Ticket, and 1000l. to the last drawn Ticket, will amount to -, io, oooo L "which being added to 090, 000l. payable on the Blanks, do amount together to 1,000, 000l. No Money "to be received after 24 jttne rjib. Method of Drawing. Fortunate Tickets to be printed. Counlcr "feiting Tickets Felony. Treasury to reward the Managers. Guardians may contribute for Infants, CV

"Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates. Bank to give Credit, Isfe." K X P.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the a Boots to be Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall, kr; t V r that upon receiving and taking in of the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named i'urpose. therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit every the said Principal Sums shall be cn Anmiitici af tred in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators, shall and may have Power f.jnalilc.

to assign and transfer the same, or cny Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be provided and kept by the said Accomptant,

General for that Purpose; the Principal Sums so assigned or transferred shall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by this Act, according to the Power and Authority herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid:

the said Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being is hereby authorised and.directed to cancel and file the Certificates as they shall from Time to Time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which they have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuity attending the same.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That every Person so to be named in the said Certificates, his, her and 51. p.rcun. their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy and be entitled, by Force and Intcrcit, Virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per

Centum per Annum, for the respective Principal Sums specified in such Certificate, until Redemption thereof, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, out of the Money of the said yearly Fund by this Act established and appropriated for that Purpose; Annuities shall be payable and paid Half payable hilt yearly at the Fenft days abovementioned, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days next after every r6211!'-or any ikeh Feast days, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed by paying off the said respective Principal Sums and all Arrearages of the same Annuities, if any be, according to the Proviso herein after mentioned; the first Payment to begin and be made at the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christone thousand seven hundred and twenty iix, or within six Days after; and that the said yearly Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer and satisfy the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as the same shall become due, are and shall be appropriated and applied thereunto, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Annuities payable after the Rate of three Pounds per Cen tax free. turn per Annum, and all and every the Principal Sums for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from

all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

XXIE And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat the said Governor and Company of the Bank Bank to appoint of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until the said Annuities after the Rate of three a chief Calhitr Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be redeemed according to this Add, appoint and employ one sufficient ard ac ountar't Person within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier, and one other sufficient Genera Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that the said Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be. issued for Payment of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer: And the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all Persons and Corporations, who shall be entitled to any of the same Annuities, so to Annuities a Per, be payable by the Caftiier of the Bank of England for the Time being, pursuant to this Act, and all Per Estate, C

fons claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be defeend abie to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise'; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Principal Moneys for which the The Annuities said several Annuities, after the rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be payable by the Cashier Joint Stock, of the Bank of England for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock on which the same Annuities shall be attending, and shall be called The 'joint Stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities; and that all Persons and Corporations, in Proportion to their respective Annuities, shall have a Share in such Stock; and that all such Shares shall be assignable, transferrable and de vifeable in the same Manner as is prescribed by Act or Acts of Parliament made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, touching the Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum therein mentioned; and that no Stamp-duties whatsoever shall be chargeable on such Transfers; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (notwithstanding the p.edemption of all or any other Funds or Annuities, in Pursuance of the Adds for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation to all Intents and Purposes, relating to the Receiving, Paying or Accounting for the said Annuities of three Pounds per Centum per Annum so payable by their Cashier, tiil the same shall be redeemed according to this Act; and and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in Pursuance of this Act.

4 D a xxivi And

572

0 See.

Crown may redeem the Annuities.

Appropriation of the Deductions of 6 d. in the Sound to these Annuities,

Deficiency, how to be made good.

Surplus lo remain in the Exchequer,

Proviso for the uncancelled ex rhequer bills. Concerning ex elequer, see farther 16geot 2. c. 12.

33 Geo. 2. C jy 18, 21 5? 23.

1 Geo. 3. C is 20.

C 3. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for paying the said Annuities of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any of them, by the said Cashier for the Time being; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in Pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at any Time, upon six Months Notice to be given under his or their Sign Manual, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, at any of the Feast days of Payment of the said Annuities, to redeem the said Annuities, and every of them, by paying to the then Proprietors of the same Annuities the Consideration or Purchase money which was originally paid for the same (without Deduction of the Allowance for prompt Payment) and all Arrearages of the said Annuities which shall be incurred till the Time of such Payment, to be made at the then next ensuing half yearly Feast day; and that from and after such Payment made, or reserving Money in the Exchequer ready to make such Payment on Demand, that then and not till then the same Annuities and every of them shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and the said Revenues shall be discharged of, from and against the same.

XXVI. And for the better ascertaining and securing the Payment of the Annuities aforesaid. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Moneys as shall arise and come into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of and from the Deductions of sixpence in the Pound as aforesaid, shall be applied and appropriated, and the same are hereby accordingly appropriated for and towards paying and discharging the said Annuities, till redeemed as aforesaid, and that half yearly, to wit, on or within twenty Days next after the twenty-fifth Day of December, and the twenty-fourth Day of June aforesaid, in every Year, the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause an exact: Account to be made and taken of the Moneys which shall, on or before every respective half year of and in each and every respective Year, have arisen and been brought into the Exchequer in the preceding half year, for or upon the said Deductions; and that the Moneys so arising and coming into the Exchequer in such preceding half year shall be immediately, from Time to Time, paid over to the Chief Cashier of the Bank of Eng -- land, towards paying and discharging the Annuities aforesaid; in case the said Deductions shall at any such half year appear to be so deficient, that the same shall not be able to answer and pay so much as shall then be due for or upon the said Annuities in and by this Act appointed and intended to be paid out of the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case, and as often as any such Deficiencies shall happen, the same shall be provided for, answered and made goodbye and out of any moneys arisen or to arise from all or any the hereditary Revenues settled and appointed for the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be found and appear, that the Moneys arising and coming into the Exchequer by the said Deductions of sixpence in the Pound, in every or any Year, shall have proved so low and deficient, as not to have brought into the Exchequer the said fu'i yearly Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, that then and in every such Care, and so often as any such Deficiency shall so happen, the Arrears shall be paid and made good out of the first Money that shall arise or be brought into the Exchequer for or upon the said Deductions, after the End of such a Year wherein such Deficiency happened; and any Sum or Sums of Money paid out of his Majesty's said hereditary Revenue shall be also replaced and paid out of the same; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at the End of any one Year the Moneys arising into the Exchequer by and out of the said Deductions of sixpence in' the Pound shall be more than sufficient to answer and pay the said thirty thousand Pounds per Annum., and to replace what may have been in the same Year issued out of the said hereditary Revenues, towards making good the same, such Surplus shall from Time to Time be reserved in the Exchequer, and not be thence issued or applied, but by Authority of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, by and out of the Moneys arising out of the Contributions on this Act, or by and out of any other Moneys granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, provide and direct, that all the said Exchequer bills now remaining undischarged, and so, as aforesaid, amounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds Principal Money, be effectually discharged and cancelled; and that in the mean time and until the effectual Discharging and Cancelling the same, or reserving sufficient Money in the Exchequer for Discharging and Cancelling the same upon Demand, all and every the Duties and Revenues by the said recited Act of the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign appropriated for the Circulating, Exchanging and finally Cancelling the same, shall remain, continue and be subject and liable to the Circulating, Exchanging and Cancelling the same in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they were subject and liable before the Making of this Act; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

D. 1725.

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C 4. 573

CAP. IV.

II. Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Shipping of Malt for Exportation to foreign Parts; and for ascertaining the Price of Ale to be sold in Scotland, and for making good the Deficiency on the Lottery tickets of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets and Orders, loss, burnt or otherwise dell royed.

LLVIII. AND whereas it hath been found by Experience, That the Drawbacks given by the several n'o Milt entr ri' j. Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Malt out of the Duties by the said Acts or Exportition 'ranted, for and upon the Exportation of Malt from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, do very Such exceed the Dtities charged upon the said maltat the Time of making thereof, by means whereof the J, Malt, 'lakers of such Malt are encouraged to run out their Malt into Comb, and thereby in the making thereof nn any Draw icrease the same, before it be dried, to more than double the Quantity which the same individual Parcel back allowed on 1 'f Malt so exported did contain by Gauging or Measure, when the same was gauged and charged by the Exporuucn. Officers for the Duties chargeable thereon; and notwithstanding the ' Allowances and Abatements made ^w'r'nzir.

'y the said Act out of every twenty Bushels of Malt, at the Time that the Duties charged thereon are tertio.'rcjcru 'aid, that is to say, an Abatement or Allowance of four out of every twenty Bushels of Malt which 12 Amu ft at. 1.

mil be charged by the Officer by a Gauge taken in the Ciflern or in the Couch, and in case the Charge 1 Cm. 1,

tall be made from a Gauge which shall be taken upon the Floor, then an Allowance or Abatement of the A"; ' 2

lutics of ten Bushels out of every twenty Bushels which shall be so charged from such Floor Gauge; not t C l'c.lu ' ithstanding which Abatements and Allowances so made out of the said Duties as aforesaid, yet never9CD 1. C 3,

leless the said Exporters to demand and infill upon it, that they are to have a Drawback of sixpence for '/ery Bushel of Malt so by them exported as aforesaid, although the same Adalt so exported, by their audulent Way of working the same, is worth little more than the Drawback paid and allowed on the xportation thereof, to the great Disparagement of the British Malt in foreign Parts, and the Diminution 'r his Majesty's Duties upon maltfor Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That sin and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six no Malt which V ch he errtred and made for Exportation only, in the Manner by this Act prescribed and directed; ll 1, by Virtue of this Act, be charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any of the Duties by this Act erged or imposed upon any Malt to be made in Great Britain; and that no Drawback out of the Duties ohlalt by this Act granted, shall be paid or allowed for any Malt whatsover, which from and after tl said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty LIX shall be made and ex p ted from any Part of Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas.

CLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Mahlers to entail' of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six all and every Mi lfler and Maker of Malt for Ex intended ptation shall from Time to Time, before he, she or they shall begin to wet or flccp any Steeping of Corn 'or exiorution* (Grain to be made into Malt for Exportation, give or leave Notice in Writing with the respective of sir or Officers for the said Duties on Malt for the Division or Place where such Adalt is to be and shall b nade, of the respective Quantities of Corner Grain intended to be contained in each Steeping so by h, her or them in ended to be made into Malt for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas; which said C n or Grain so intended to be made into Malt for Exportation shall from Time to Time be kept fepa r; and apart, by the respective Makers thereof, from all other Corn or Grain, either made or to lie made II 1 Malt for Home Consumption, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Shillings for every Bushe] of Grain otained in any Steeping so entree! to be made for Exportation, which shall be found mixed with any C n or Grain made or to be made into Malt for Home Consumption.

always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of When Malt for Vt whatsoever shall begin to wet or sleep any Corn or Grain to make into Malt for Exportation, above Exportation hall tl Space of six Days before all the Corn he, she or they may have working on their respective Floors to bes'n t°te"stir, e into Malt for Home Consumption, shall be dried oft'; nor shall the Persons aforesaid begin to wet 01: eep any Corn to make into Malt for Home Consumption, above the Space of six Days before all the c11 or Grrin he, she or they may have working on their respective Floors to make into Malt for expor tron, be fully dried, and locked up in the Adanner by this Act directed and expressed, on Pain of faring she Sum of five Shillings for every Bushel of Corn or Grain wetted or sleeped contrary to theman n<herein prescribed and directed.

I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Malt so intended for Exporta Such Malt, when ti as aforesaid shall he fully made and dried, and fit for Exportation, the same shall from Time to Time, ^11^ bs ine Presence of the respective Officer or Officers for the said Duties in the said Division or Place where the burej pi was made, he measured and carried, by the respective Makers or Proprietors thereof, directly on ship in Presence of bd, if intended to be immediately exported, or else into one or more Room or Rooms, Storehouse or an Officer,

Si ehouses, or other Place or Places to be provided by and at the Expense of the respective Makers or P trie tors of the said Malt so made for exportation, there to be kept separate and apart from all other

Aialtj.

574 C 4*

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis,

A.D. 172'.

or to be locked up in a Storehouse.

Officers may gauge such Malt in all its Operations, till fully dried, C

Officers on Notice to attend at the Storehouses

Malt, under two Locks and two Keys to each Place into which the said Malt shall be carried; one of thl Locks to be provided by the respective Makers or Proprietors of the said Malt, and the other Lock to j; provided by the Supervisor or Officer for the said Duties in the Division or Place where the said Malt ft I be locked up, tt the Expense of the Proprietor of the said Malt, whereof one Key of each Place to be k t by the respective Makers or Proprietors of the said Malt, and the other Key by the Officer for the said i1 ties for the time being of the Division or Place where the said Mait shall be kept, until the famcshalld delivered out for Exportation.

LII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lawful to and for the respective Supervisors and Officers for the said Duties from Time to Time, dure the wetting or fieeping the said Corn or Grain so intended to be made into Malt for Exportation, and u. 1 the same shall be fully made and dried, and carried and locked up as aforesaid, to gauge and take an recount thereof in all its Operations, in the same Manner as they ought to do, in case the Duties char! upon Malt made for Home Consumption were to be charged thereon, for the better discovering whetk any of the Malt so intended for Exportation be not removed and carried away to be used for Home g fumption.

LIII. Provided always, and to the Intent that it may be known whether all the Malt so entered, m 2 and locked up for Exportation be accordingly exported, and not made use of for Home Consumption; further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Maker or Proprietor of Malt so made jr

malt for expor Exportation, and locked up and secured for that Purpose, shall be desirous to take any of the said Malt Jit

of any of the said Places where the same shall some Port or Place for the Exportation thereof.

be locked up as aforesaid, in order to remove the farrko and shall thereof give Notice in Writing to the officer'r

the said Duties of the Division or Place where such Malt fha.1i be so locked up, by the Space of forty He

Officers to keep sn Account of all Malt So delivered out, CD

Officers at the Tort to attend the measuring the Malt, and to continue cn Board till the Ship be cleaved.

before the Time he desires to take out the same as aforesaid, expressing in such Notice the Quantity, Malt he, she or they do then desire to take out, and the Port or Place to which the same is intended to Je removed for Exportation as aforesaid, then and in such Case the respective Officers for the said Dutiesfo whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, shall and are. by this Act required to attend, 'pursuant to fli Notice, at the respective.places where the said Malt shall be locked up as aforesaid, and see the Mal a desired to be taken out of the same measured, and delivered out to the respective Makers or Proprie thereof, or to their respective Agents or Servants by them appointed to receive and carry the same to Port or Place from whence the same is intended to be exported as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Officers do shall, from Time to Time, keep a true Account of all the Malt which shall be so delivered as aforefl, and of the Person or Persons to whom the same belongs; and shall and is hereby required to give to Person to whom or for whom each Quantity of Malt shall he so delivered out, a Certificate in Writ ', directed to the Officer for the said Duties in the Division or Place to which the same is intended to be moved, in order to be exported, expressing the Quantity of Malt so delivered out, and the nameorna.s of the respective Makers or Proprietors thereof, and the respective Divisions or Places from whence [e same was so delivered out; which said Certificate or Certificates shall he signed by the respective Offi b giving the same, and shall be delivered to the respective Officers for the said Duties for the Time being the Port or Place where the said Adalt shall be so carried to be exported, who shall duly file and keep, e same, and make an Entry thereof in a Book or Books to be respectively kept by him or them for that i pose, to the Intent that upon Inquiry and Examination it may be discovered whether any Maker of Alt for Exportation shall duly export all such Malt, as shall be entered by him or them respectively for Expo tion as aforesaid; in case the Maker or Proprietor of such Malt, so removed from the Place of mal thereof, shall neglect or refuse to deliver and procure to be delivered such Certificate or Certificates to 1 Officer for the said Duties of the Division or Place to which the said Malt shall be removed iti order ttfie exported, to the intent that the same may he filed and entered in the Manner in this Act before expre) then and in such Case the Maker or Proprietor, so refusing or neglecting to deliver the same, shall, for ei such Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to anepr

any the Officers for the said Duty on Mait, in such of the Ports of this Kingdom, where any Malt nb

is or shall be ship

in order to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, not only to see and attend Measuring of all Malt which shall be Snipped or said on Board any Ship or Veiled for Exportation to I

The Hatches of the Ship to be locked down

beyond the Seas, in such Port or Ports respectively, but also to continue on Board such Ships orvc on which such Malt shall be loaden or shipped, until the same shall be respectively cleared their ref) tive Ports.

LVI. And it is also hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, ring the shipping of Malt for Exportation on Board any Ship or vessel, at all such Times as the refii>

when theshipis rive Proprietors or Exporters shall not be actually puttingmalt or other Merchandizes on Board, the Hat

net loading, C

said Ships or Vessels shall and may be kept locked down with two Locks and two Keys to

one of those Locks to be provided, and the Key thereof kept by the respective Proprietors or

of th Hateh

porters, and the other Loci

appointed to attend the said Shipping; and that the said Platches he kept locked down in the afore Manner, from the Time the said Ships or Vessels shall be fully loaded, until the Time the same Aral be

: to be provided, and the Kc

C'r'

thereof kept by the respective Officer or Offi

ready to sail from their respective Ports to Foreign Parts, to the Intent that none of the Malt pul

Notice to be given to the

Officer of the Port when the putting on board of Malt is to be begun.

Board may be relanded.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall tend to hip any Malt for Exportation, shall, by the Space of forty-eight Hours at leaf! before the be ning to ship, or put on board any Ship or vessel any Malt for Exportation, give or send to such Office. Officers as aforesaid, of the Port or Place where such Malt shall be intended to be shipped or put on bi Notice in Writing of the particular Day, and of the precise Hour of such Day, when such Shipping

put

C

4-

3/3

II. iig on board of such Malt is intended to be begun, and also the Name of the Ship or Vessel such Malt II - be put on board; on Pain to forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Bushel of Malt which (h, be shipped or put on board for Exportation without such Notice so given or lent as aforesaid; in cal it shall appear, that any of the Malt so entered and made for Exportation as aforesaid, shall not within thopace of nine Months next after the making and drying thereof, and carrying the same into such Room or corns, ware houses, store houses or other Places, and there locked up and secured as aforesaid, be exod for Parts beyond the Seas, according to the Purport and Meaning of this Act, then and in such ct the Proprietor of the Malt not so exported shall, for every Bulhd thereof forfeit and lose the Sum of fivphillings.

fill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt mdtnotexport (]n refuse or neglect to make such Entry as aforesaid, of their respective Quantities of Corn or Grain, fcq'i intided to be wetted or steeped for Exportation, before the Wetting or Steeping thereof as aforesaid, or Vo forfeit

h or neglect to provide and keep such Rooms, ware houses, store houses and other Places, with ! 5, per Buflid. Lees and Keys For securing the said Malt so intended for Exportation as aforesaid, or refuse or neglect to Maltster not tn cai all the said Malt so intended for Exportation, from Time to Time, within the Space of six Daystr; ncthccom, net after the same final 1 he dried, in the Presence of the Officer for the said Duties, for the Division or nor providing pl.e where the said Malt shall be made (who is hereby required upon reasonable Notice to be given to store house., hi(, to attend for that Purpose) to be nneafured, carried and locked up, in such Rooms, ware houses, &cj10 st|e houses or other Places as aforesaid; then, and in every such Calc, the said Maker or Proprietor of luj Malt, so neglecting or refusing, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of fif| Pounds: And in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall oppose, mol eft, hinder or obstruct any of p_f°^ne th said Officers in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Of 7; tv A' sids by this Act, or shall break open the Hatches of any Ship or Vessel, locked down in the Manner here 1 ' injefore mentioned, without the Knowledge or Consent of the Officer or Officers appointed to attend the Sloping of Malt on such Ships or vessels, every such Person shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, thibum of fifty Pounds.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Consideration of the ex allowances to tr.rdinary Charges the Malfters or Makers of Malt for Foreign Exportation will be at, for ware houses ivnirteis on

ar store houses for locking up of Malt, and for the several Admeasurements thereof, from the Time of Exportnvion of m ing such Malt, to the Time of Exportation thereof, there shall be allowed to the said Malfters and M, lt'

fers of Malt the Sum of threepence per Quarter, out of the Duties granted or continued by this Act,

every Quarter of Malt, which shall be so made and locked up for Foreign Exportation; anything §74"? hein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. z^gm.z.'c.'j!

2 Geo. 2. c. 1. 8 Ca. J. t, 1. z^Geo. 2. c.z. 20 Geo. 2. c. 5. 27 Geo. 2. c. 2. 33 G: o. 2. C 3 £> 7. And see annual Male Alts.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Drawback shall and may Drawback on hallowed for all Malt made on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ma<lete tv.nty six, that shall have paid the Duty imposed thereon by the Act of the eleventh Year of his Majesty's ^exported' Rgn, for laying a iduty upon all nxalt, Ivlum, Cyder and Peiry, and shall be exported for foreign Parts before 25 Scpr, opr before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and the Per 1726.

fcor Persons exporting the same shall be entitled to have Debentures made out for the same, in the same Miner as he or they would have been entitled to the same, in case this Act had not been made; any ling herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Debentures so Socb deben tebe made forth, for Malt exported on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand turcsbowtobe seven hundred and twenty six, shall (in case the respective Commissioners or Officers of Excise shall not satisfied hesufficient in their Hands of the Duties granted by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Fgn, to satisfy the same) be paid and satisfied out of the Duties arising by this preferst Act; anything h ein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas a Doubt may arise upon the Construction of the seventh Article of the Treaty of sann, C S.

1 Inion (which provides that the Barrel of Ale sold in Scotland by the Brewer at nine Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, excluding Duties, and retailed including Duties and the Retailers Profit, at twopence up Scots Pint, shall not after the Union be liable on Account of the Excise then in Being, to a higher 'duty than two Shillings for each Barrel) whether the Brewer and Retailer may take a higher Price for 'ae said Ale, in Proportion as the Duty now granted on Malt may raise the Price of the said Commodity,

'without being liable to a higher Excise than that limited by the said seventh Article of the Treaty of Union: For obviating the said doubt, 'It is hereby enacted and declared, That Ale brewed or to be t!le prlce f bwed in Scotland, during the Continuance of the Duty of threepence a Bushel on Malt, of the same A s'°t]den 4 (iodness and Quality with that described in the said Article of the Treaty of Union, shall be chargeable afc, rta; ned.'

V h no higher Excise, in Consideration of the Duty of Excise that took Place at the Time of the Union,

tn two Shillings Sterling for each Barrel, though the said Ale shall, in Consideration of the Malt Duty,

1. sold by the Brewer at ten Shillings and sixpence per Barrel, and by the Retailer at twopence and lvo penny Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, the Scots Pint: And it shall be lawful for the Brewers Id Retailers of such Ale to sell and retail the same at the said Prices, without being liable to any further or L her Duty as aforesaid

And whereas several of the Certificates made forth for the fortunate Tickets, issued in Purfu jj'a^c)enc5r 'ince of an Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the Duties on V vv*

'malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the A ear one jlow to beiijade (: boufand seven hundred and twenty-four, still remain unpaid, and for Want of sufficient Money coming good.

'into the Exchequer, of the said Duties, to answer and pay the same Be it therefore enacted by the Au 13 G. <=. 2.

thority

The Arrears of the Malt A 1724.* to be applied to the Service of this Year.

7*Geo. 2e C 23,

1

thority aforesaid, That if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, for or on Account of the D ties granted by the last mentioned AS, on or before the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred a;: twenty six, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interefc due, or to grow due on t several Certificates made forth in Manner aforesaid; then so much Money as shall on that Day appeto be wanting or deficient for answering and discharging the same, shall and may be supplied and made go out of any of the public Supplies granted or to be granted for the Service of the Year one thousand fev hundred and twenty six; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or t Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and apply the far for that Purpose accordingly; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That all the Moneys which from a. after the said fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, shall or may happen to cor( and be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for Arrears upon the said Duties on Malt, Mui Cyder and Perry, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four aforesaid, shall be blued and applied in Aid of the Supplies that shall be granted to his Majesty, for fi said Year one thounfand seven hundred and twenty six; anything in the AS, by which the said Duti were granted, to the contrary notwithstanding "

"of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets or Orders, to be made forth in Lieu of others lost "destroyed."

EXP.

CAP. V.

I

An Act for repairing the Road from Market harborough to Loughborough in the County of Leicester. P R The Toll took Place from 1 May 1725. to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 19 Geo. 2. c. 10.j

CAP. VI.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham through Warwick to Warmington, and from Bi mingham through Stratford upon Avon to Edghill in the County of Warwick.

PR.

The Toll took Place 25 "July 1726. to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 18 Geo. 2. c. 32.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majes. Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Amendment of that Way which leads from Cherril through Cali j to Studley bridge in the County of Wilts, and for making the said Act more effesual; and for extendii the Road so to be amended, from Cherril to the Three Miles Borough at the Top of Cherril Hill.

PR.

By this Act the private AS of 6 Ann. C 14. which commenced from March 1708. and was to contin1 for the Term of 20 Years, is continued further for the Term of zi Years.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland adjoining to Newbury in the County of Berks,

Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

PR.

The Toll took Place from z May 1726. to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 18 Geo. 2. c. 12.j

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank in the Para ll of Idfallalias Shij nail, and the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

PR.

The Toll is to continue from 1 June 1726. for 21 Years. [Continued by 3 Geo. 2. C J

CAP. X

An Act for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from then to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin in the said County; and for enlarging the Ter granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roa from Stevenage in the said County to Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

PR.

The Toll is to have Continuance from 1 May 1726. for 21 Years; and the AS 6 Geo. 1. c. 2;. for repai ing the Roads from Stevenage to Biggleswade, is continued for 21 Years. [Continued by 11 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XI.

An Act For repairing and widening the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in tl County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County.

PR.

The Toll is to continue from 20 May 1726. forsi Years. [Continued by 14 Geo. 2. c. 29.

C a

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii regis.

C 1 2.

577

CAP. XII.

An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying a Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for prohibiting their sending Beer or Ale out of their Houses to distant Places in any Pots or Vessels less than a Gallon; and also for adding one hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those already licensed, and for applying certain Arrears of former Land taxes towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

I. MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; Wc your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, jvjl the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament adembled, towards Raising such Supplies as are necestnry to defray your majesty's public Expences, have freely and unanimoudy given and granted unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your most Ex 4 ccllent Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, a Sum not less than one Pound, nor more than six Pounds yearly, dial 1 be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, by every Victualler and Retailer of Beer and Ale in the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality: Which laid Rates and Duties shall be subject to such Regulations and redriaions as are herein after mentioned. R E P.

"Commissioners to be appointed to grant permiltions and manage the Duties. Bills of Mortality to retail without a Penniflion. Victuallers to compound

No Victuallers within the annually for their Permissions.

Leaving od' Retailing, Compodtion to cease. Compodtions to be made according to the Trade. "z s. 6d. for each Permission. No Victualler to send out Drink in any Pots less than a Gallon, on Pain of 40 r. But Drink may be drunk at the Door or in any out house, Garden, Lfc. Not taking out Penniflion, forfeits zol. All the excise acts in Force to be applied to this Act. iz Car. 2. C 24. All "All Fines to be levied by the Laws of Excise. Commissioners to have the same Power as Commissioners of Excise. Not to alter Justices Power in licendng Alehouses. R E P."

XV. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it was enacted, That the Commissioners for licendng and regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being, or the major Part of them, should have Power, and are thereby required to licence all such Hackney Chairs, which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven bun dred and eleven, during the Term of thirty-two Years, diould be kept and used for Hire within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and that the Number of all such Chairs, so to be LI 4 censed upon that AA, should not exceed two hundred, and that upon everyone of the Licences, to be granted for keeping or using for Hire any Hackney Chair, there should be reserved and payable to her Adajedy, her Heirs and Succedors, the annual Sum of ten Shillings, to be paid Quarterly: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year laid majesty's Reign, it was enabled, that it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners for licendng and regulating of Hackney Coaches for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to licence any additional Number, not exceeding one hundred such Hackney Chairs, which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-one Years, should be kept and used for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, so that the Number of all the said Chairs, licensed or to be licensed upon the said aas, should not at any one Time, within or during the Term lad mentioned, exceed three hundred; and that upon every one of the said Licences for any of the said Chairs, there should be reserved the like yearly Rent of ten Shillings, to be paid Quarterly: And whereas it is found convenient, that a greater Number of such Hackney Chairs diould be Licensed to be employed within the Limits aforesaid, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for Licendng and Regulating Hackney Coaches now being, and the Commissioners for Licendng and Regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being, or the major Part of them shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby impoxvered and required, under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands or Seals of the major Part of them (over and above the Number of Chairs authorised to be Licensed by the said former A As) to Licence an additional Number of Hackney Chairs, not exceeding one hundred, which from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of eighteen Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, shall be kept and used for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid; that the Number of all the said Chairs Licensed or to be Licensed upon this or the said former A As, shall not at any one Time, within or during the Term lad mentioned, exceed four hundred.

Claus, see farther 20 Geo. z, C lo. icgco.

4 E

A Tier 24 June j 726. a Sum not less than 11. nor more than 6 1. to be pa; d by every victualjer within the Bills of Mortality. Rep. 16 Geo. 2. c. 1 a.

9 Ann. C 25.

10 Ann. C ig.

One hundred additional Hackney Chairs to be added to those already Licensed.

Continued by 16 Geo. 2. C And farther by 33 Geo. 2. c. 25.

The Number net to exceed 400. Concerning Coaches ard

2. C 22. §. 6,

Read C 23.

VOL, V

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, upon every one of the Licences to be granted in Pursuance of this Act, for On every LI keeping and using for Hire any Hackney Chair, there shall be reserved and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs cence there shall an£l successors, the annual Sum of ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid Quarterly annual's urn of at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, during the Continuance of every such LI jot.'payabie0 cence fr a Chair, with such Covenants, Provisoes and Conditions, for the more effectual Payment there qnancriy. of, as the said Commissioners in their Discretions shall think fit and reasonable; the first of the said Payments to begin and be made at such of the said Feast days, as shall next happen after the Granting of every such Licence for a Chair respectively; that the same Chairs, and the Persons to be so Licensed for carrying and uling the same, shall in respect thereof have the same Rates and Benefits, and be subject and liable to the same Rules, Penalties, Matters and Things, as are by the said former Adds prescribed, in relation to the Hackney Chairs or Chairmen, which were thereby authorised to be Licensed.

Appropriation of

XVII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to arise by the Moneys on Rents of the said additional Number of Chairs to be Licensed in Pursuance of this Act (the necessary theiechairs, Charges of raiding the same excepted) shall be added to the Funds settled by the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, and applied towards the Payment of the Principal and Interest money therein mentioned, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, as other Rents upon Hackney Chairs are applicable and appropriated.

Arrears of for

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of seven thousand and forty n er Land taxes six Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, remaining in the Exchequer for Arrears of to be applied for fevt; ral Land taxes payable in and before the Ye. r one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall and the Year'iv26 he '^'ucc^ an applied as Part of his Majesty's Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; any Law, Statute or Provision heretofore made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Treasury may

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for issue out new the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea yxchequer fsills surer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they respectwo ooool "'S tively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times before the twenty foui th Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, at once or by such Proportions at a Time as they respectively shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Public, to prepare and make or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, in such Method and form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills containing one common Sum or different Sums in the Principal Moneys, not to exceed in the whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling.

EXP.

"To bear Interest at 2 d. per Centum per Diem. The Bills to be numlired Arithmetically, C These Bills "to be placed as Cash in the Tellers Offices. The Bills to be subject to the Rules enacted in the Land "of this Session. New Exchequer bills charged on the Duties on Retailers of Beer. An Annual "Account to be taken at Michaelmas of the Moneys arising by the Duties on Victuallers. Deficiency to "be made good out of the next Supplies, or out of the Sinking Fund. Moneys out of the Sinking Fund "to be replaced."

EXP.

Appropriation

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys coming into Clauses. the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one act of this Session of Parliament, entitled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty six, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Pramium or Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said land-tax shall befiatisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same j and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one other act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty fx; and for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Shipping of Adult for Exportation to Foreign Parts; and for ascertaining the Price of Ale to be sold in Scotland; and for making good the Deficiency on the Lottery tickets of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets and Orders lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, thereby granted or continued, as shall arise or remain (if any such be) after all the Loans or Exchequer bills thereby directed to be made on the same al, and all the Interest, Pratnium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be Ltisfied or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and also all the Exchequer bills to be made forth in Pursuance of this present al, and the Sum of seven thousand forty six Pounds, thirteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby €0, 2351. 8s. appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed: nevertheless

8a. to make to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed (that is to say) Jt is hereby enacted and declared. That

good the Gene out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exfill Fund. cceding sixty thousand two hundred thirty-five Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence, to make good the

Deficiency of the Fund, commonly called The General Fund, for raising Seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence, and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five.

C I 2.

579

Guj'd*, cjarif fois, Sec,

XXIX. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as 711 5*. aforesaid, there shall and may he ilfiicd and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven hun i d. 1 r dead thirty-two thousand one hundred eighty one Pounds five Shillings and eight Fence, for or towards the

Naval Services herein after more particularly express cd (that is to say) For or towards Defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to the Sea Officers, and for and towards Victual,

Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualing thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea services in the Office of the Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

XXX. And it is hereby also enacted, 'Flint out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, 74iji. ns. there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy nine thou S lorthcord. fund four hundred and twelve Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence, for or towards Defraying the n, lncc'

Charge of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land services performed and to be performed, and for defraying several extraordinary Expenses of the Office of Ordnance for Land services, not provided for by Parliament.

XXXI. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole ob fc' the Sum of nine hundred one thousand and thirty-four Pounds seven Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces and other Services herein after more particularly expressed, that is to say, Any Sum not exceeding six hundred fifty-five thousand one hundred and seventy eight Pounds and twopence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand two hundred twenty six effective Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and

six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land forces in Great Britain, 'Jersey and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the yc3r one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty-two thousand six hundred thirty seven Pounds sixteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fourteen thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shi lings and five Pence, upon Account for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand two hundred eighty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services relating to the Forces incurred, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy three thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand feveri hundred and twenty six; subject: nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Flalf pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty-eight thousand three hundred eighty nine Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence towards making good the Deficicency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and any Sum not exceeding forty-four thousand six hundred twenty-one Pounds two Shillings and fourpence to make good the Deficiency of the Aid granted by an Act of the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising one hundred 9 Geo. i. C i. thousand Pounds by laying a Taxon Papists; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds for Discharging the like Sum in Exchequer bills, being the remaining Part of the Exchequer bills for one million, which were made forth in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the nceo. 1. C s, eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That out of the said Aids or Supplies there shall and may be from Time to Provision for Time issued and applied, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be liecessary for and towards the Payment augmenting the of such additional Number of Seamen, as his Majesty shall think fit to employ for the Service of the Year Fleet in 1726. one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, and for and towards answering and defraying such Expenses

and Engagements as have at any Time been or shall before or until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, be made by his Majesty, in concerting such Measures as he in his great Wisdom thinks will best conduce to the Security of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and the Preservation of the Peace of Europe.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued Limitation of or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mcn ihefc Supplies, tioned, or for the several Deficiencies before directed to be satisfied out of the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in this Act or in any other Act of this present Session of Parliament.

XXXIV. And as to the said Sum of seventy three thousand Pounds, by this Act appropriated on ac what Persons count of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules are in itl d to herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall Haif' p '.v have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when thesurrius of the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served, was reduced; that-110 Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in fotne Regiment, Troop or Company;

that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland., shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Cctnmission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part or the same shall be allowed to any Person, by Virtue of any warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments

this Sum is appropriated,

j3 Geo. I. C 7, f. 35.

58o

C 13 — 15. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

11 Geo. i. C 2. 4

XXXV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, so*

continuing the Duties on Malt, Alum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and for other Purposes therein expressed, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein exprdted, among which any Sum or Sums of Aloney, not exceeding seventy seven thousand Pounds upon Account of half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, was ap propriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject never thcless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is' hereby provided, enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of seventy feveri thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act prescribed to be ob overplas of served in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed to such Officers half-pay, how who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others by Reason of their long Service, tabs applied. or otherwise, his Majesty hall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford.

PR.

The Tolls are to have Continuance from the 24 th of June \y26, for 21 Years. [Continued by zo Geo. 2. c. 31.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcester.

P R.

WHEREAS the several Highways, Streets or Roads leading from the several Gates and the Bridge of the City of Worcester, to Cuclley Heath, in the Parish of ivarndon, in the County of Worcester, being one Mile and an Half, or thereabouts, and to a Bridge called Stonebow bridge in the said County, being four Miles, or thereabouts, and from a Place called The Yeiviree in the Parish of Spetchly, to Upton Snodsbury, in the said County, being two Miles, or thereabouts, and from the said City of Worcester to a Place called Aylesborough Farm in the said County, being six Allies, or thereabouts, and to a Place called Seavern Stoak, in the said County, being four Miles, or thereabouts, and to a Place called The Rid Green, in the Parish of Hanley Castle in the said County, being four Miles, or thereabouts, and to a Place called The Link, in the Parish of Great Malvern, in the said County, being four Aliles, or thereabouts, and to a,: lace called The High Ladder Style, in the Parish of Leigh in the said County, being five Miles, or thereabouts, and to a Place called Herefortlflrire Lake, in the Parish of Knight wick in the said County, being six Miles, or thereabouts, and to a Place called Hombridge, in the Parimof Marily in the said County, being six Miles, or thereabouts, and to a Place called The Hundred Hiufe, in the Parish of Great Whitley in the said County, being six Miles, or thereabouts, and to a Place called The Mitre Oak, in the Parish of hartle bury in the said County, being six Miles, or thereabouts, by Reason of the Soil thereof, and the heavy Carriages passing through the same, are become so ruinous, C

The Toll took Place the tft of June 1726, and is to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 10 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XV.

An Act for repairing the Walls, Gates and other public Works in the City of Norwich, and several Bridges in and near the said City, and for amending the Roads therein mentioned.

PR.

WHEREAS the City of Norwich is an ancient City, and the greatest Part thereof encompassed with thick Stone Walls, wherein are twelve large Gates, and there are also six large Bridges over the River running through the said City, called Hellejden, Cojlany, Black Friars, Eyebright, White Friars and Bishopgate Bridges, and likewise diverse public Wastes, Stathes and Wharves, in the said City: And whereas the said Walls, Gates, Bridges, Wastes, Stathes and Wharves are now become very rui nous, GY'

After 1 May 1726, all Matters ofveflels passing up the River higher than Thorp hall, to pay Toll. For "every Chaldron of Coals 4d. For every Last of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt or other Grain ad. For every Weigh of Salt 4 V For three Hogsheads of Sugar, Tobacco, Molasses, or Hogsheads packed with other dry Goods 4d. For three Puncheons of Liquor 4d. For four Hogsheads or two Pipes of Wine, Spirits or other Liquors 4 A For eight Barrels of Sope, Raisins, Oil, Pitch, Tar or packed with other dry Goods 4d. For every whole Butt or two Hair butts of Currans 4 d. For two Pipes of Smyrna Rai fins 4 d. For twenty-four Bags of Nails 4d. For sixty Bars of Iron 4 d. For fifty Pieces of Iron called

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C 16 — 21.

4

"Short breads\d. For eight Pigs or a Fodder of Lead 4 d. For every Peak Milftone or Pair of Cologne "mihlones\d. For forty Firkins of Butter or Archcl 4 d. For twenty-two hundred Weight of Cheese "4 d., For twenty square Foot of Stone 4. d. For every thousand Pantiles 4 C For every Chaldron of "Grinftoncs 4d. For eighty single Deals or forty double Deals 4 d. For fifty fciuare Foot of Sir or other "Timber 41l. For two Hags of Hops 4d. For eight Horse Packs of any Goods 4 d. and for every lon "of other Goods 4 d. Mayor, Lie. to appoint Collectors. Mailer not liable, unless his leading exceed "three Tonnes. Mayor, Lfc. may fix a Boom across the River, and croft an Office there. Duties may he "assigned over for Money to be borrowed at lawful Interest. Not to take away the Duties payable at the "common Stathe. City of Norwich to pay to the Treasurer of the County for Bridge Money 30 /. per "Annum. The Bridges to be repaired at the Colts of the County."

CAP. XVI.

An Act for repairing the Road from spi11legate hill near Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the County of Nottingham.

PR.

The Toll took Place 25 June 1726, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 12 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for making the Laid Act more effectual.

PR.

The Toll granted by this Act of t Geo. 1. St at. 2. C 25. took Place 25 December 1715, and was to have Continuance during the Term of it Years, and by this Act is continued for 21 Years longer. [Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

W FI ERE AS the several Highways and Roads leading from the Town and Borough of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called cofcomb gc.te on the Top of Stanway hillm the Parish of Stanway in the Laid County of Gloucester, in the great Road to London, being ten Miles or there about, and to a Place called the Hands at Combcs hill in the Parish of Elmcjlons Hardwick in the Laid County of Gloucester, in the Highway leading to Gloucester, called the Upper ivay, being four Miles or thereabouts, and to a Place called wain loads - B ridge in the Highway leading to Gloucester, called the Lower Way, being four Miles or thereabouts, and to the Parish of Swindon in the Highway to Cheltenham in the said County of Gloucester, being five Miles or thereabouts, by Reason of the Deepness of the Soil of the said respective Roads, and the heavy Carriages passing through the said Roads, are become rui nous, &c.'

"The Toll took Place 24 May 1726, and is to continue for 21 Years."

CAP. XIX.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet bridge in the Par if) of pe tersfield to the Town o Portsmouth in the County of Southampton, and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

The private Act9 Ann. C 8. further continued for 20 Years. [Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 14.j

CAP. XX.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the City of Worcester to the Borough of Droitwich in the County of Worcester, and for making the same more eft edtual 5 and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Worcester.

PR.

The private Act iz Ann. f. 2. C 3. continued from 1 June 1726, for the further Term of twenty-one Years. [Continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 43.j

CAP. XXI.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to Prefect, and other Roads therein mentioned,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PR.

The Toll took Place the first of June 1726, and is to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 19 Geo. 2. c. 19.

581

20 geo, 2. C 31.

582 C 22 — 26.

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

a 5 Car. 2, C 7. 4 Sf 5 & M.

C 17. 10

II^3. C 25. 1 Ann, flat. r. c. 16. jo Geo. L C 16.

6 Geo. 1. c. 4. f. ia

8 Anft. C 7. relating to Snufr, repealed.

£ Anna?, C 7.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and attlebo rough, and from Wymondham to Hctherfct in the County of Norfolk; the one passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the other in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and for repairing the Road from the Mouth of tvigmore lane to hall jvalk Gate in Attleborough in the said County.

PR.

By this Act the Act of 7 & 8 IV 3. C 26. and the private Act of 7 Ann. C 4. are continued for twenty-one Years. [Continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the western Part of the Parish of Shenfeld to Harwich in the County of Essex, and the Road leading from Chelmsford in the said County to Sudbury in the County of Si folk, and from Margretting to Malden in the County of Essex, and from Colchester to Langham in the same County.

PR.

The Toll took Place the iftoi May 1726, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by .20 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and also the Roads to and near Berkley, Durjley, tvotton under Edge, Stroud and Sodbury in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

The Toll took Place the 24th of June vyz6, and is to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 19 Geo. 2.

c. 18.j

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the present and future Inhabitants of the East, North and West Sides or Lines of Saint james's Square, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient to clean, adorn and beautify the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair.

PR.

'Trustees appointed for adorning St. james's Square. Annoying the Square by Filth, &c. forfeits 70s. Incroachments forfeit 50l. No Hackney Coach to ply there, on Pain of ior. A Rate on the Houses not exceeding 10s. a Foot yearly for the three front Lines. Houses, occupied by Ambassadors, to be paid by the Landlords. Differences to be determined by the Trustees. Trustees to appoint Collectors and Receivers. Square exempt from scavenger's Rates. Inhabitants, C may advance not exceeding 6000l. by Annuities for 32 Years. Trustees may mortgage the Rates. New ones to be chosen in the Room of Trustees deceased.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for repealing the Duty laid upon Snuff, by an Act: made in the eighth Year of her late majesty's Reign, and for ascertaining the Rates according to which the remaining Duties are [ to be paid, and for giving further Encouragement to the Greenland Fishery.

I. 'fkfl OST gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late

lvjl Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other ways and Means,

to raise nine hundred thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities, and (in Default thereof) by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, a new Duty of three Shillings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, over and above all other Duties, was laid upon all Snuff imported or to be imported ( ' into the Kingdom of Great Britain, at any Time or Times after the sixth Day of February one thousand i ' seven hundred and nine, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, fneh Snuff not being of the

Product or Manufacture of her Majesty's Plantations; which Act has been since made perpetual; And j C whereas it is notorious, that since the laying of the said new Duty, great Quantities of Snuff have been i ' clandestinely and fraudulently imported, and run into this Kingdom, to the Diminution of his Majesty's ' Revenues, and the Discouragement of the fair Traders; 'For Remedy whereof, we, your majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the thirty fi ft Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, the said new Duty of three Shillings per Pound, Weight, imposed by the said recited Act of the eighth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, upon Snuff! imported into this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall eeafe and determine, and be no longer due or payable for any Snuff to be imported int? this Kingdom, after the said thirty first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty six.

4 ' II AM

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regi

is.

27.

II. And whereas other Duties upon Snuff imported into this Kingdom are now payable according to the Value sworn to or affirmed by the Importers; which, by Experience, has been found to be very unequal, ' some Persons greatly undervaluing the same, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and Discouragetnent of the fair Traders; 'For remedying the said Abuse, and for putting the Paid Trade on a more equal Foot, lie ir enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Provisions and Clauses contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as tl>ey relate to the Ascertaining the Value of Snuff imported, according to the Oaths or Affirmations of the Importers, shall, from anti after the said thirty sirs Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, be and are hereby repealed and made void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Lieu of the said former Rates and Duties ad Valorem, repealed by this Act, all Snuff which shall, at any Time or Times, after the said thirty sirs Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, be imported into any Port or Place within this Kingdom, shall, upon the Importation thereof, be rated to, and pay the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Kin: '; Charles the Second, according to the several Rates and Values herein after mentioned, (and not according to the Values sworn to or affirmed by the Importers) that is to say. All Snuff imported in Brit if).a Ships, from any of the British Plantations in America, or from any Part of the Spanish Jl'ejl indies, shall be rated at two Shillings and sixpence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and all Snuff imported from Italy, Spain, Portugal and all other foreign Parts, except France, shall be rated at five Shillings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the said Sorts of Snuff are by Law subject or liable to the Payment of the further Subsidy, the one third Subsidy, the two thirds Subsidy, the additional impostor any of them, according to the respective Values set thereon for the said old Subsidy, or in Proportion thereto, the same shall, from and after the thirty sirs Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twentyyix, be paid proportionally, according to the patticular Value set thereon for the old Subsidy aforesaid, and not according to the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer; anything in the respective Acts, which granted the said Duties, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any of the said Sorts of Snuff, within the Time allowed by Law, the Duties paid or secured for the same at Importation as aforesaid, ball be drawn back or allowed to the Exporter, on a proper Debenture to be made forth for that Purpose, except the old Subsidy.

VI. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions and Duties upon the said f.veral Sorts of Snuff shall be paid or secured, and shall be raised, levied and collected in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances and Drawbacks (except as herein is excepted) as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Parliament, which granted or continued the same respectively; all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained (except in such Cases where any Alteration is made by this Act) shall continue in full Force and Effect, during the Continuance of the said respective Subsidies, Impositions and other Duties, and shall be applied, practised and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering paying and appropriating the said respective Subsidies, Impositions and other Duties, according to tyre true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters and Things had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Law or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIE And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for am couraging the Greenland Fishery, it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, it Should and might be lawful for any of his Majesty's British Subjects, for and during the Space of seven Years, to import Whalenns, Oil and Blubber of Whales taken and caught in the Greenland Seas, in British Ships, navigated according to Law, without paying any Custom, Subsidy or other Duties for the same, the Captain, Mailer or other Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel importing the same sirs making Oath as therein is directed, That all the Whale fins, Oil ' and Blubber imported in such Ship or Vessel was really and bona fide the Sins, Oil or Blubber of Whales caught and taken in the said Greenland Seas by the Crew of fuel) Ships and Vessels only, whereof the Cap ' tain"'or Mailer and one third Part at least of the Mariners were British Subjects: And whereas several of his Majesty's British Subjects do fish with British Ships and Vessels in the Sircights, commonly called Da

583

Rates on Snuflf ad valorem rcfeaud.

Snuff so pay tle old Subsidy.

12 Car

Imported from America at 230 6d. jer lb.

Irom Italy,

53.

Further Subsidy, Arc. to be pal J according to the Value set for there old Subsidy.

of alt the duties, except old Subsidy.

Duty how lo fcs. le vied.

VIS s

Straights, and the Seas thereto adjoining; 'Be it declared and enacted, fjc,

EXP.

encoirragemt nt to the Greenland Fishery, by to Geo. 1. c. 16. extended to Da. Straights for 7 Venn.

See farther

5 Geo. 2. c. 2s, "\

6 Geo. 2. c. 33.

13 Geo. 2. C z2, 22 Geo. 2. c. 4.3. 2s Geo. 2. C Q

CAP. XXVII.

An act for vesting in his Majesty an Imposition of two Pennies Scots upon all Ale and Beer brewed and sold in the City of Glasgow and Privileges thereof, for satisfying the Damages and Losses which Daniel Campbell, Esq, lately buffered in a Riot there.

PR.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and ' 1VJL her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the States of Parliament of Scotland, in the Years one thousand six hundred and ninety three and one thousand seven hundred and five, did grant and continue to the City of Glasgow an Imposition of two Pennies Scots (over and above the Duties then payable to the Crown) ' upon each Pint of Ale and Beer to be brewed, in brought, vended, tapped and sold within the said City, ' and other Places in the said Act mentioned, for several Terms of Years since expired: And by an Act or

584 C 28. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

1 Geo. r. Stat. C the first Year of your majesty's Reign it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That such the like Rates, 2. C 44* 4 Duties and Impositions, as by the Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland upon the fifteenth Day of June

one thousand six hundred and ninety three, were granted, and which were continued by another Act of the Parliament held in Scotland upon the one and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and five, upon each Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, to be either brewed or brought in, vended, tapped and sold within the said City, Liberties and Suburbs thereof (excepting Ale and Beer that should be brewed and vended in the Gorballs^ or any other Lands within the said Cities or Privileges, that are taxed to the Public within the Shire) shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to the Magistrates and Town council, of the said City of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, for their Use and Behoof, and that from and after the Expiration of the Term of Years, contained in the said Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland upon the one and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and five, until the first: Day of November one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight: And whereas Daniel Campbell, Esq; a Member of the House of Commons of Great Britain, sustained great Loiles and Damages in a late Riot at Glasgow, on Account of the Concern he had, or was supposed to have had, in promoting the Act for laying a Duty upon Malt for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five and it being just and reasonable that the said Damages and Losses should be made good and repaired to the said Daniel campbellj We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, C

After 24. June 1726, the Imposition of two Pennies Scots on Beer brewed in Glasgow no longer payable to that City: But vested in his Majesty. To be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise. 64 On Payment of 6080l. Glasgow discharged. Daniel Campbell to be paid out of the Revenues.

5 Geo. 1. c. 11.

12 Car. 2. C 4.

13 14 Car. 2.

r. 11. 25 Car.

2. r. 6. 2 TV.

6 M. fiat. 2.

C 4.

or m.

C 5 © X

6 TV, & M. C 1. 6 Sf 7 TV. 3.

C 7.

After 24 June 2726, forfeited Goods to be proceeded against by the Laws in Force,

Tea, Coffee and foreign Brandy how to be sold.

Officers to have one third arising from the Sale,

Tea not worth .5 s. per lb. to be burnt.

Remainder of the Produce of Customs to be paid into the Exchequer.

Remainder of Excise, &c. to b paid as now prudifed.

No Custom Officer entitled to such Reward

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise and Inland Duties.

WHEREAS in and by an Act made and passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, several Penalties were inflicted on Officers of the Revenue, and others concerned in making collu e five Seizures of foreign Goods, and for giving Rewards to Persons discovering the same; notwithstanding which such Practises areftill carried on, to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenues and the Detriment of the fair Traders: 'For the better preventing whereof, with respect to Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, Rum or other foreign exciseable Liquors, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day csiyune in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners of the Customs, Excise and Inland Duties, to cause all such Goods which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs or Excise, and Inland Duties or others, for unlawful Importation, or for nonpayment of Duties, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, to be proceeded against according to the several Laws now in Force concerning the same; and the said respective Commissioners may cause all such Tea and Coffee, which shall be seized within the Limits of the City of London or Edinburgh, and condemned, to be publicly sold there respectively; for such Tea and Coffee as shall be seized in any other Ports or Places within this Kingdom; the said Commissioners may cause the same, after Condemnation, to be brought to and publicly sold in the said Cities of London or Edinburgh respectively; and for all such foreign Brandy, Rum or other foreign exciseable Liquors, which shall be seized for Nonpayment of Duty, or for being prohibited to be imported, the said respective Commissioners shall, after Condemnation, cause the same to be publicly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer of the Customs or Excise, and Inland Duties, or other Person making such Seizure, hall, for his Encouragement, be allowed by the said respective Commissioners, one third Part of the full Sum arising from the public Sale of all such Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, Rum or other exciseable Liquors, free from all Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, if they shall think fit, may cause such Tea, as cannot be sold at a public Sale for five Shillings the Pound Weight, to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, and the Officer or other Person making the Seizure, to be rewarded in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding one Shilling and sixpence for each Pound Weight of such Tea.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the remaining Part of the Produce of such Sales, after paying the Reward to the Officer, and the Charges of Condemnation and Sale for such Seizures as are made by any Officer of the Customs, to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in Lieu of his Majesty's Moiety, as now practised; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise or Inland Duties, shall cause the remaining Part of the Produce of such Sales, after paying the Reward to the Officer, and the Charges of Condemnation, and other necessary Charges, for such Seizures as are made by any Officer of Excise, and Inland Duties, to be paid as now practised, in Lieu of the King's Moiety i any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And the better to prevent any Imbezilment of such Goods after Seizure, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer of the Customs, or other Person, shall be entitled to any Reward given

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C. 28. 85

on the Seizure of any fuel) Goods by Virtue of thi.^act, tinlcfs no.ice thereof he Ly him riven to tlm next wovut w profiteer of Excise, or to the Supervisor of the District where fuel) Seizure shall be made, within fort -

eight Hours after Seizure, who shall he obliged on such Notice to take a particular Account of the Specie, 'and Quantities of such Goods; nor shall such Goods he afterwards removed without a Permit or Certificate Nor coi i.

signed by such Officer of Excise and Inland Duties, or Supervisor of the Place or District from whence " "tvu

such Goods are to be removed, under the Penalties of such Goods being refeized as forfeited by any other Officers of the Customs, or by any Officer of Excise and inland Duties; and such Refeizures Dial I and may he fned for, prosecuted and lccovered by Virtue of this Actor any other Law now in Force relating to the Customs or Excise, and Inland Duties.

VIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of the Customs, Excise 11

or Inland Duties, shall deal or trade in Te >, Coffee, or in Brandy, or other exciseable Liquors, such Of ct jv

ficer shall not only lose his fnid Office or Employment, but also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds to j any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and be likewise rendered incapable of having any Place or Employment in any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue for the future, which last Penalties and forfeiture!

shall and may he (tied for, prosecuted and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at fpc/indri/lcr, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh in Scotland respectively.

VIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any foreign Goods shall be Onus protiinj. seized for Nonpayment of Duties, or any other Cause of Forfeiture, and any Dispute shall arise, whether forforci^ntrnodj the Customs, Excise or Inland Duties have been paid for the same, or the same have been lawfully import to, leon

CD or legally compounded for or condemned, or concerning the Place from whence such Goods were t)wher'

brought, then and in such Cases the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and

not on the Officer, who shall seize or stop such Goods; any Filing in an Act of Parliament made in the

sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Rove 6 Geo. j. c. zt.

nues of Excise, Customs, Stamp-duties, Post office and House money, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this at contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder the respective Officers, or other pro per Persons, from suing for, prosecuting and recovering the several Penalties provided for by the several Laws as they now (land in Force, with respetft to the Goods or Persons aforementioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tobacco seized for being prohibited, Tobacco mz i,

or for nonpayment of Duty, shall be after Condemnation publicly sold at such Places, as the com be sold, anj missioner of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively shall think proper; and that the offi<t have Officer, or other Person authorised, making such Seizure, shall for his Encouragement be allowed one third ot lhc

Part of the public gross Sale of such Tobacco, free from all Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Tobacco that the Customs, if they shall think fit, may cause all such Tobacco, as will not sell publicly for the Duties, to be burnt 01 otherwise destroyed; the Officer, or such other Person making such Seizure, to be re V burnt' Wc. warded in such Manner as they shall think proper, not to exceed one Penny per Pound Weight. ccr.cerr.i^ To

baccoj see farther 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 24 Geo. 2. c. 41, and 26 Geo. 2. c. 33.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the Produce of such Sales, after paying the Reward to the Seizor, and the Charges of Condemnation and Sales, to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in Lieu of his Majesty's Share; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tobacco Stalks or Stems stripped from the Leaf, shall be prohibited to be imported; and on Seizure and Condemnation thereof the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs shall and may cause the same to be publicly burnt; and shall and may allow the Officer for his Encouragement, in making the Seizure, one Penny for every Pound Weight of such Stalks or Stems so seized and condemned, clear of all Charges of Condemnation.

XIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty it is enacted, That every Ship, Veflll or Boat, of the Burden of forty Tonnes or under, importing foreign Brandy, Arrack, Strong Waters or Spirits, shall be forfeited, with all her Tackle, Furniture and Apparel; and after Condemna tion thereof, the principal Officers of the Customs in the Port or Place, where the same shall be at the Time of Condemnation, are thereby directed to cause the Hull of such Ship, Vessel or Boat to be burnt and wholly destroyed: And whereas by the same at it is likewise enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry,

Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing, or made or built to row with more than four Oars, shall be found upon the Water, or in any barge house, work house, Shed, or other Place within any of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Essex, or in the River of Thames, either above or below London bridge, or within the Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich or Ipswich, or the Members or Creeks to them or either of them respectively belonging (except as therein is excepted) such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Gal lay, with all her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and after Condemnation thereof, the principal Officers of the Customs in the Port or Place, where the same shall be at the Time of Condemnation, are thereby directed to cause such Boat, "Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, to be burnt and wholly destroy 4 ed: And whereas it will hi of Service to his Majesty in his Customs to have the Use of such Ships, Vessels, Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, barges or Galleys, to prevent the fcul Traders carrying on their clan destine Designs, in importing prohibited Goods, and fraudulently landing Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, or iclanding Goods after the same have been shipped for Exportation; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to cause any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley (except as before is excepted) which shall be seized for any of the Reasons aforesaid and condemned, to be used by the Officers of his Vo 1.. V Majesty's

Produce of the Sale? after Charge?, C to be paid into the Exchequer Tobacco Sulk, prohibited.

S Gee. 1. C 18.

Veftcfe of 40 Ten?, or uno r, ftized imposing Brandy, & C may be used by Custom ofhcer?,

C 28.

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

majesty's Customs, in case the same or any of them shall be found to be of Service, together with the Tackle, Furniture, Apparel and Materials belonging thereunto, the Officer or Officers who seized the same, being first paid his or their Share or Shares, according to the Direction of the before recited Act; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Except the Commissioners shall

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs shall not think fit, for his Majesty's Service, to make use of any such Ship, Veiled, not think fit to jjoat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, that then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause use such Vefieh tjle principa] Officers of the Customs, in the Port or Place where the same shall be at the Time of Condemnation, to see the Hull thereof burnt, as if this Act had never been made, justices where '

XVI. And whereas in Pursuance of several Acts of Parliament Informations are exhibited before the nfadeto admini Justices of the Peace, ok Seizures made by Officers of the Customs, Salt, Excise, or Inland Duties, of fteran Oath to Goods clandestinely run, or being prohibited, and of Vessels, Boats, Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, Persons to view in order to their hearing and determining the same; and it being necessary in order thereunto, that a proper them, and return Valuation be put thereon before the same are condemned, agreeable to the Practice now used in his ma the value, ct jesty's Court of Exchequer; ' Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of the County or Place where such Seizure shall be made, shall have Power to adrni nifter an Oath to such Person or Persons, as they think proper, who shall be skilled in the Nature and Value of the Goods, Vessels, Boats, Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, mentioned to have been seized in the Information or Informations exhibited before any Justices of the Peace, to view the same, and to make a Return of the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value thereof, to such Justices of the Peace, in a limited Time; and after thegods, Vessels, Boats, Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, shall be condemned by the Judgement of such Justices of the Peace, the same shall be publicly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places, and at such Times, as the said respective Commissioners shall think proper; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Searcher after

XVII. And for the better preventing Frauds in the entering for Exportation any Goods, whereon there is amine any Bale a Drawback, Bounty or Premium, or of Goods prohibited to be worn or used here, or Pepper, to the pre wherson there is judice of the Revenue; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful a Drawback, C to and for any Searcher, or other proper Officer of the Customs, after the Entry of any of the said Goods, and before or after the Shipping thereof, to open and strictly examine any Bale, Truss, Chest, or other Package, to see if the Goods are right entered; and if on such Examination the same shall be found to be right entered, the Searcher or other proper Officer shall, at his own Charge, cause the same to be repacked (which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they think it reasonable) but in case_the Officer shall on Examination find such Goods to be less in Quantity or Value than is expressed in the exporter's Indorseinent upon his Entry, or that shall be entered under a wrong De on Discovery of nomination, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded, all such Goods may be seized, and the same i raud may seize. qja]j be forfeited and lost, and the Owner or Merchant shall lose the Benefit of receiving the Drawback or Bounty for such Goods, and the Value thereof.

XVIII. and whereas great Quantities of the Goods and Merchandizes, on which considerable Duties are due and payable to his Majesty, and diverse other Sorts of Goods prohibited to be exported, are by evil disposed Persons frequently shipped for Parts beyond the Seas, without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue, and all fair Traders: 'For the preventing so great an Evil, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Goods or Merchandizes shall be shipped for Parts beyond the Seas without a Warrant, or without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, all such Goods and Merchandizes, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; one Moiety whereof to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that will seize or Cue for the same; any Law to the eontraiy notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas by an Act made and pafl ed in the twelfth Year of her late majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being shall in all Cases, where Goods are brought into his Majesty's store hottfes for Security of the Customs, or other Duties due thereon, and which shall have remained there for the Space of twelve Months, the Duties not paid, compounded for, or otherwise secured, cause them to be publicly sold, and the Produce to be applied as in the said Act is directed: And whereas it is found by Experience that the said Time is too long, several Goods being liable to Decay, and thereby lessened in their Value; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, to cause all such Goods, which are or shall be brought into his Majesty's Warehouses, and shall have remained there for the Space of six Months, to be publicly sold, and the Produce to be applied as in the said Act is directed and appointed; anything in the said Actor in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That any Merchant, or other Person, who shall find his Wine so damaged, coirupt or unmerchantable, and shall think fit to stave, spill, or otherwise destroy the same, shall, over and above the Du 4 ties, be allowed as a Compensation for the Freight, and other Charges, for every Tonne of Wine of he Growth of Germany, or Wines which pay Duty as such, and of the Growth of France, the Sum of four Pounds; and Wines of the Growth of Spain, Portugal, or elsewhere, the Sum of eight Pounds per tcr,

which Allowances have been by Experience found too great, several Persons having found it their Interrft to import mean and corrupt Wines, for the Sake only of the said Allowances, to the lsflening of his Majesty's revenuefor the better preventing whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, to cause such Wines ?.s any Merchant or other Person shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties for, as being damaged, corruiv or unmerchantable, to be received, into the Custody of proper Officers of the Customs, together with the Goods shipped for "Exportation, withontwarrant, or Presence of Officer, forfeited.

Goods brought into his Majesty's 1 v/arehouses re, there six Months to be loid.

je Ann. Stat. 2. t. 8, Jeff, 11.

Damaged Wines to be Warehoused < and sold to be e distilled into Brandy.

6 Geo. I. C 1:

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C. 28. 587

dkks or other Package (Containing the same, and put into proper Warchotifr*; and the Paid Commissioners are hereby ini powered to cause such Wines, influtul of thcii being staved, spilled, nrothciwife destroyed, l>y Virtue of the said al of the sixth Year of his Majesty'.s Reign, to be public!: I y sold, in order robe distilkd into Brandy, or to lie made into Vinegar, taking sufficient Security to his Majesty't, Ulc, that such Wines be not made use of for any other Purpose whatsoever; such Security to be dif. barged on a proper cenifi cate, that such Wines have been so made nfe of within three Months after the same shall have been vered ont of such Warehouses; and the Commissioners of the cuhoms shall cause the Produce of fueji Sale, without Fee or Reward, to be paid to the Merchant, or other Person, as a Compensation for the freight, and other Charges of such Wine, not exceeding the Allowances aforesaid; in case there shall be any Overplus arising by such Sale, beyond the said Allowances for Freight, and other Charges, the said of shall cause the lame to be replaced to the Duties, out of which the Charges of Warehouse Rent, and other Charges attending the keeping and selling the said Wines, are or shall be paid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

17 Geo. 2. c. 40. is Geo. 2. c. 9. 46 Geo. 4. c. 12. 3 Geo. 2. e.*9

TP prrxji rr of fit" sjic tt

pa. J to il MR. CL: ro cite dint: 1.

ala ner

6 Geo. I. C 1».

('.tlffrt. r?

r J, fie G iber 1 Geo. 1. f. i. ing.j.?. (. 19.

3 2 i to 1. (\ 1 9.

XXI. And whereas great Sums of Money are paid out of his majesl's Duties of Customs on Account t>r. b

In r

cf Debentures for Tobacco, and other foreign Goods and metcliandiy.es slipped for Exportation to the Isle 'j j y"

Part of such Tobacco, and other foreign Com '

the same on the

M

Mcm, \ and it being lound by Experience, that the greatest P

modities, are slipped sot the Isle of Man, with no oth r Intent than fraudulently to rclaml tli

Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, by which evil Practises his Majesty's revenues of Customs are very j.;, )u'y i, C

much lcftcned, and the fair Traders prejudiced and difenuraged in their Trade For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed for any Tobacco, or other foreign Goods or Commodities whatsoever, exported after the twenty-fourth Day of July in the Year of our Loid one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, from Great Britain or Ireland to the Isle of Man; any Law,

Cnft m or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco, Wine, Brandy, Baste C rr.mn India, or other Goods or Commodities whatsoever, other than such as are of the Growth, Product or ma nufadlurc of thz isle of Man, shall be brought from the said Island, after the said twenty-fourth Day of

July, into the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or within the Limits of any Port thereto belonging, Man to tc

said, whether Bulk has been broke or not, having such Goods on Board as aforesaid, such Ship, Vessel or Penalty.

Boat, together with the Tackle, Apparel anti Furniture, and also a: L such Goods so found cn Board, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; and every Person who shall take any such Commodities (except as aforesaid) out of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, coming from the If: of a lan, within the Limits of any Port as aforesaid, or carry the same on Shore, or convey the same from the Shore when landej, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or he aiding or assisting the rein, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, or suffer six Months Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court, in which he shall be convicted of such Offence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person Entrin; schgn shall, after the said four and twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred anj twenty six, enter any Goods for ex foreign Goods for Exportation, to Parts beyond the Seas, other than to the said Isle of Man, in order to ob periaiion, to obtain the Drawback for the same, and such Goods Avail nevertheless be carried to the said ifiatid and there ln a landed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then and in such Case, the Exporter f ifu tn inhic" such Goods ball forfeit the Drawback, or the Amount thereof, paid or to be paid for the same, as also the if of treble Value of the said Goods; and the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel on Board which such Goods shall he, hcpcn<ltv. slipped and landed as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall

also fuller six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth tfl. of Man today of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, the lfc of Man shall be added to and included in beaded to ire the Oath, upon all Debentures for foreign Goods exported, whereon the Exporter is to swear that such[: [: ins'^r.^c* Goods are not landed, or intended to be landed in Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, without which the gomv°' Officers of the Customs shall not suffer the Debentures to pal's; any Law or Custom to the contrary not exported, withstanding

XXV. And for the better enabling his Majesty to prevent the said Frauds and Abuses, in the exporting ivafury in Be

or importing Goods and Merchandizes to and from the Isle of Man, Be it further enacted by the Authority half or the aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or Oown, m.ry

for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, on the

Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also to and for the Right Honourable James Earl of

Derby, his Tenants or Assigns, the Right Honourable John Lord fjhburiiham, for and on Behalf of his 0l Mu,

Daughter Henrietta Bridget Ashburnham, an Infant, Bryan Fairfax, Esquire, Trustee for the said Infant, or the Survivor of them, and all or any other Person or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under the said Earl, or any of his Ancestors, to treat, contrail and agree for the absolute Purchase or Sale, Release or Surrender, to or for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of all or any Estate, Right, Title or Interest, which he the said Earl, his Tenant, the sail Henrietta Bridget rfjhbtimham, or such other Person or Persons now have or claim, or can or may have or claim in or to the said Island or Lordship of Man, or in or to all or any Regalities, Powers, Honours, Superiorities, Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges, Duties,

Customs, Revenues, Profits, or other Advantages whatsoever, in, over or about the said Island of Man, or its Dependencies, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or upon such other 'Perms or Conditions as they shall

588 C 28. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

think fitting; and that upon the executing of such Contrails or Agreements by or on the Behalf of the said Earl, his Tenants, the said Henrietta Bridget Ashburnham, or such other Person or Persons claiming or to claim under him, or any of his Ancestors as aforesaid, or upon executing such other Conveyances, af signments, Releases or Surrenders, as in such Contract or Contrails shall be agreed on for that Purpose, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered by and out of any Moneys arisen or to arise to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or for any Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, or other Duties upon the Importation or Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever already granted or payable, or hereafter to be granted or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Great Britain, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, to order and direct the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, from Time to Time, as shall be so contracted or agreed on for such Purchase or purchases, to such Person or Persons as, according to the erms of such Contracts cr Agreements, shall be entitled to have and receive the same.

Henrietta

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

bunhanf^not lawful to and for the said Henrietta Bridget ashburnham, notwithstanding her Minority, by and with the

nvithstand ing " Consent of the said John Lord ashburnham her Father, and the said Bryan Fairfax, or the Survivor of them, her Minority, to convey and allure all her Estate and Interest in the Ife of Man, and Premises aforesaid, or any Part there may convey her of, pursuant to any Contract or Agreement, which shall be made by Virtue of the Powers in this a.dt gi Estate therein. ven; and such Conveyance or Assurance shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Henrietta Bridget ashburnham was of the full Age of one and twenty Years; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And the Money to be paid as the consideration of such Conveyance, shall be paid to such Personas the High Court of Chancery shall direct, and when paid, shall be laid out by the Direction of the said Court of Chancery for the Benefit of the said Henrietta Bridget ashburnham, her Executors, Administraters and Assigns.

Personsm Pri

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-third Day fou cn. infotma of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, if any Person or Persons that now is or are, or shall be tin relating to in Prison for want of sufficient Bail (such Person or Persons being taken by Capias or capias's issued out of the Customs, 1, 1s majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any other his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Edinburgh)

net act b llpon any Information or Informations exhibited in any of the said Courts against them or any of them, for the Spice of one having been aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping out of any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Term, judge vessels, Boat or Boats, with Intention to be laid on Land, any Sort of Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, to be en liable to the Payment of any Duties whatsoever, either Customs, Excise or Salt, or any Goods or Merchan tied by Default, (jjzes prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, or for having any such Goods or Merchandizes what awarded^gainst fever knowingly come to his or their Hands; or upon any Information or Informations for nonpayment Body and f.ftite, f Duties relating to the Customs, Excise or Salt duty; or upon any Information or Informations already exhibited, or to be exhibited in any of the said Courts, in Relation to any Fraud or Frauds about any Drawback or Certificate Goods of Merchandizes, or in Relation to any other Fraud or Frauds whatsoever, already committed or to be committed, in order to diminifti or lessen the Revenue of the Customs, Excise or Salt duty, or upon any Penal Law or Statute whatsoever, relating to the said Revenues; and shall refuse or northeast — gleit to appear or plead to any such Information or Informations to be delivered to such Person or Persons,

or to the Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey of the Prison or Prisons, at the Prison or Prisons wherein such Person or Persons shah be confined or imprisoned for any of the said Offences, by the Space of one Term, Judgement shall be entered against him or them by Default; and in case Judgement shall be obtained against any such Person or Persons by Default, Verdict, or otherwise, and such Person or Persons shall not pay the sum recovered against him or them for any of the said Offences, Execution shall be thereupon awarded and issued, not only against the Body or Bodies of such Person or Persons foin Prison as aforesaid, but also. against all the Real and Personal Estate or Estates of such Person or Persons, though such Person or Persons continue in Prison for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be recovered against him or them; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Information '

XXVIII. And whereas great Quantities of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of robs filed for Customs, Excise or Salt duty, are by evil disposed Persons fraudulently, landed in this Kingdom, and penalt "by they C g°0(ls pretended to be shipped outwards, entitled to a Drawback or Bounty, are frequently not ftiipt, or La" vs of the after the Shipping thereof relanded, whereby they become liable to several Penalties; but knowing them cuflems, C 1 selves subject to be prosecuted for the said Offences, and that their fraudulent Practises may in Time be.

onleis entered in discovered, do frequently, before any Discovery can be made by the Officers of the Revenues, cause in 'jp Attorney formations to be entered and filed against themselves in some of the Courts at Westminster or Edinburgh, in n mltorof the Name of some Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf; and if no Discovery be made of the tome officer. ' said fraudulent Practises by the Officers of the Revenues, the said Informations are never prosecuted; ' in case the said Frauds are discovered by any Officer or Officers of the Revenues, who thereupon enter and file real Informations against such Offender or Offenders, then either some secret Agreement or Agreements is or are made by such Offender or Offenders with such Person or Persons, who have filed or exhibited such Informations on the Behalf of such Offender or Offenders, or elle a Pica or Pleas of Priority of Suit is or are pleaded in Bar of such Real Informations prosecuted by the Officers of the Revenues, whereby the said Offenders evade the several Penalties infiiiicd by Law, to the great Prejudice of the Crown, and also to the Discouragement of Real prosecution for the Prevention of such fraudulent Practises, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-third Day of a/ay one thousand seven Centre ring hundred and twenty six, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to enter, or cause or cvjioms^feefie procl; 1 e to be entered, filed or prosecuted, any Information or Informations in any of the said Courts against tilt*17. any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inffidted by any of the Laws of the Cu

ggre. i. C 35. Horns, Excise, and the Duty upon Salt, unless the same be entered, filed, and prosecuted in the Name of his 35 Cn. z. c. 31, majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of some or one of the

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgi 1 Regis. C 28. 589

0

aforesaid Revenues of Customs, Excise or Salt duty: And if any Information or Informations is or are en cig,

tred in any other person's Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the same, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void; and the said Court or Courts where such In cn.z. c.zu formation or Informations is, are or shall be so entered, filed or prosecuted, shall not permit or fuft er any ^ce.z. C S Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon, and shall cause such Information or Informations to be taken or 29. off the File; any Law, Custoni or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. ', 0*

XXIX. And for preventing the Frauds of such Chocolate Makers, who buying small Quantities of ioc. 1. r.

Coconuts, do clandestinely make the same into Chocolate, and in like Manner sell and dispose of the Chocdate so made, without paying the inland Duty thereon, whereby his Majesty is defrauded of and in the said inland Duty on Chocolate lie it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the n0 Dealer in twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, no Seller of, Trader or Dealer in Coconuts to Coconuts, shall in any Parcel or Parcels fell, deliver out or dispose of less than the Quantity of twenty rfifpofcof kb eight Pounds Weight of Coconuts at the lead, at any one Time or Times; and further, that from Time lhan|l; - atto Time, and at all and every Time and Times, when such Seller of, Trader or Dealer in Coconuts, shall onc lir'. either fell, deliver out or dispose of any Parcel or Parcels of Coconuts, of twenty-eight Pounds Weight or more, the Party or Parties so selling, delivering out or disposing of such Coconuts, shall enter or cause to be entered down an Account in Writing, of the Christian and Surname and Names, and Place and Pla an(j to cntcr s ces of Abode of the Person and Persons to whom, or to or for whose Use, or for or upon whose Account Bonk, to who n such Coconuts shall be so sold, delivered out or disposed of; and upon Demand or Request made by any all Coconuts

Officer or Officers of and for the inland Duties on Chocolate, flrail produce such Account or Accounts to a".

such Officer or Officers, and shall permit him and them not only to inspect and peruse the same, but also officer. J thereout and therefrom to take an Account of the Name and Names, Place and Places of Abode of the Person and Persons to whom or for whose Ufc, or for or upon whose Account such Coconuts shall be or shall have been sold, delivered out or disposed of; on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of twenty Pounds pcn2; ty. for every Pound of Coconuts, which shall cither be sold, delivered out or disposed of in any Parcel or Parcels not containing or amounting in the Whole to twenty-eight Pounds of Coconuts at the lead, or which flrail be, or shall have been so sold, delivered out or disposed of, without entering down, or causing to be entered down in such Account or Accounts in Writing as aforesaid, the Name and Names, and Place and Places of Abode, of the Person and Persons to whom or to or for whole Use, or for or upon whose Account such Coconuts flrail be or shall have been so sold, delivered out or disposed of; and on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of twenty Pounds every and each Time and Times, when such Seller of Trader c^r(rn: n CL or Dealer in Coconuts flrail refuse to permit such Officer or Officers for the said inland Duties, to inspect and peruse such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or thereout or therefrom to take such Account or Ac 4gr'.z. C 14. counts as aforesaid. 31 C 2. r. ic.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, no Gauger or Officer of his Majesty's Duties, either of e°of vub]e°a to Excile or of any other Duty, which at this Time are or hereafter shall be under the Management of his penalty for not majesty's Commissioners of excise, either as Commissioners of excise and Commissioners of other respective leaving a Copy Duty or Duties, or as Commissioners of any such Duty or Duties, shall be liable or subject to any Pe of Charge, un nalty or Forfeiture whatsoever, for omitting or neglecting to deliver or leave, or for not delivering or lea 'e.^.rulurt: <jln ving a Copy or Copies of any Charge or Charges made by such Gauger or Gaugers, Officer or Officers, for sce fwber cor or on Account of the said Duties or any of them respectively, unless such Copy or Copies shall by the respective coming Kxdfr, Party or Parties entitled, or that shall be by Law entitled to have such Copy or Copies, or by his, her or 1 gj.z. d16. their Order or Orders, be required and demanded in Writing, of and from such Gauger or Gaugers, Officer >9 Geo. 2.. C 34. or Officers respectively 3 any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

33 Gn. 2. C 9., C

jtxxl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Bill, Information or n0 Action for Plaint, shall be brought or prosecuted against any such Gauger or Gaugers, Officer or Officers, for any such Inch offence, last mentioned Offence or Neglect, unless the same shall be commenced before the twenty seventh Day of onless commen april in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six. ced^eqc^5

XXXII. And whereas Discoveries have been lately made of great Quantities of Foreign Goods, liable to 27 '

the Payment of Customs, Excise or the Duties on Salt, which have been clandestinely imported without paying the same; but the Faffs not being discovered within the Time prescribed by Law for Prosecutions

be commenced, for the Penalties by Law imposed for such Offences, his Majesty can only prosecute for the Duties in the Name of his Attorney General, by Informations in Nature of Actions of Debt, for Re

thereof; and whereas several Persons against whom such Informations in Nature of Actions of Debt have been or may be brought, cannot pay the full Sum they are or may he sued for respectively, the same amounting in many Cases to very large Sums, but may be able to pay some Part thereof, in Case a Coro pofttion could be made with them for the same Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or any three or more of them, or the r Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of V

them, to make such Compositions or Agreements, as to him or them shall feena reasonable, for any such Debts for u" Debts incurred by any Persons, for the Customs or other Duties of Goods so clandestinely imported as ciifovr* of aforesaid before the twelfth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty elandeflinemm* three, and upon Payment of the Composition money, to cause the Remainder of the Debt so compounded Goo, "s for, to be effectually discharged, and the Composition money so paid, to be applied or appropriated, in Pro ° J 12 aa! portion to the several Branches to which the same doth or may belong; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act ifnpoied for any Offence which shall be committed, relating to any Part of his Majesty's Reve !0rccowted* 3 rues C

General I fine.

"Explained and amended by 5 Geo. 2. c. 27. None to be held to Special Bail in a Superior Court under 10 1.

Nor in an inferior Court, under 40 s.

Bui to be served personally with a Copy of the Process.

Not appearing. Plaintiff may enter a common Appearance, Sec, Where the Cause of aion amounts higher, Affidavit to be made thereof, and the Sum indot fed on the Back of the Writ, See,

21 Jac. 1. C 23.

Judge of inferior Courts may proceed in Suits not exceeding 5 I. fkoogh there

C 29. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 725.

nues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or inland Duties in Great Britain, shall be sued for, levied and recovered or rnitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise or any of them or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively (except where it is otherwise provided for by this Act) and all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed for any Offence which shall be committed relating to any Part of his Majesty's Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively; where it is otherwise provided for by this Act; and that all Forfeitures and Penalties hereby imposed for any Offence which shall be committed in the Kingdom of Ireland, contrary to this Act, shall be sued for, recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for or recovered by Virtue of any Law or Laws in Force in Ireland, relating to his Majesty's Revenue there; and one Moiety of all such Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this Act, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall seize, inform or sue for the same, except in such Cases where it is otherwise directed by this Aci.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted for anything done by Virtue or in Pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence in his Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the plantiff shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests.

FOR the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Superior Court, where the Cauf; of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards; nor out of any Inferior Court, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings or upwards; and that in all Cases, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards in any such Superior Court, or to forty Shillings or upwards in any such Inferior Court (and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by the Way of Process against the Person) he, she or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested, the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him, her or them personally, within the Jurisdiction of the Court, with a Copy of the Process; and if such Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the Process or within four Days after such Return, in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made, and filed in the proper Court of the Personal Service of such Process as aforesaid (which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis) to enter a Common Appearance or file Common Bail for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance, or filed Common Bail; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, in all Cases, where the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's Cause of Action shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or forty Shillings or upwards as aforesaid. Affidavit shall be made and filed of such Cause of Action (which Affidavit may he made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court, out of which such Process hall issue, authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, or else before the Officer who shall issue such Process or Lis Deputy, which Oath such Officer or his Deputy are hereby empowered to administerj) and for such Affidavit one Shilling over and above the Stamp Duties shall he paid and no more; and the Sum or Sums specified in such Affidavit shall be endorsed on the Back of such Writ or Process, for which Sum or Sums so endorsed, the Sheriff or other Officer to whom such W: it or Process shall be directed, shall take Bail, and for no more: But if after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, any Writ or Process shall issue for the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, and no Affidavit and Endorsement shall be made as aforesaid, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not proceed to arrest the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall proceed in like Manner, as is by this Act directed in Cases where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or forty Shillings or upwards as aforesaid.

III. Whereas the Statute made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the more effectual preventing the Delays and Expellees occasioned by the Removal of finall Causes out of in ferior Courts, has been of late evaded and rendered ineffectual, by the Contrivance of vexatious Defendants,

who by setting up a fictitious Action against themselves, for a pretended Demand of five Pounds or up wards, by such their Contrivance procure the smallest Actions to be removed by Writs of Habeas Corpus,

out of the inferior into the superior Courts, whereby the Plaintiffs, in such finall Actions, which will not bear the Expence of such superior Courts, are necessitated to submit to the Loss of their just Demands; 'Now for preventing such Abuses, and rend ring the said Statute more effectial for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June the judge or Judges of such inferior Courts, as are described in the said Statute, shall or may proceed in such Actions, Bills, Plaints, Suits or Causes as are therein specified, which appear or are laid, not to exceed the said Sum of five

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C 30, 31. 591

Pounds, although there may be other Actions against such Defendant or Defendants, wherein the Plaintiff maybe other or Plaintiffs Demands shall or may exceed the said Sum of live Pounds. atuonj higher.]

IV. And for avoiding the great Mischiefs and Abuses which arise from infamous and wicked Persons al Persons cenvia

ready convicted of wilful Perjury or Forgery, practising as Attorneys or Solicitors, in Courts of Lav and d of forgery Equity; Be it enacted, That if any Person who hath been or who shall be convicted of Forgery, or of Ac fu ciitngao wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, or common Barratry, shall, after the said four and twentieth Day of June, aft or practice as an Attorney, or Solicitor or Agent, in any Suitor Action, brought to be"

or to be brought in any Court of Law or Equity, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the ujnijiorted. judge or Judges of the Court, where such Suit or Action is or shall be brought, hull, upon Complaint or Information thereof, examine the Matter in a summary Way in open Court; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of fuel) Judge or Judges, that the Person complained of, or again (I whom fuel) Information shall Ctrceming at be given, hath offended contrary to this Act, such Judge or Judges shall cause such Offender to be transported urf"rl fj If" for Seven Years to same or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means C Q 2

and Methods, and in such Manner, and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in other Cases are by Law e zf, 1 cf. to be transported. 2. <. 13.

22 Geo. 2. c. 46. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26, 3 3 Geo. 2. c. 16.

V. Provided always, 'Flint this Act or anything herein contained, 'shall not extend to that Part of Great Net tn emend to

Britain called Scotland. Scotland.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force continued.n,

for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no

longer.

For the Continuance of this Act see 5 Geo. 2. c. 27. [Revived anj made perpetual 21 Geo. 2. c. 3.

and see 6 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XXX.

An act for confnuing an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An

A St for the wore effectual punishing wicked and evi! disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice.

1 f If WHEREAS the Act herein after mentioned hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and is near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted; the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act9Gco C 2- made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil diffofed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing juries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, which Act was to continue in Force for three Years from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

Act9 Geo. 1.

continued for e. Years, &c. Farther continued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 57. And made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.

An Act for the better Regulating Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlefx.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen iseliz. C 12.

Refer to 27 Ed. flat. 1.

Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Trial of Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex, Power is re ' fp.dtively given to the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, and in the Absence or Default of any of them, ' to two other Judges or Barons of the same several Courts, where it shall happen either of the same Chief justices, or Chief Baron for the Time being, to be absent, to try Issues as Justices of Nift prius for the said County of Middlesex within the Term time, or within four Days next after the End of any Term,

and whereas the restraining'a Time for such Trials, after the Term, to four Days, hath frequently oc cafioned Delay of Justice, and the requiring the Presence of two Judges or Barons, in the Absence of any of them the said Chief Justices or Chief Baron, is found by Experience to be very inconvenientfor Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Easter Term in the Year o, f our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief justice of the Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, and every of them respectively, and in the Absence or Default of any of them, to and for any other judge or Baron of the said several Courts, where it shall happen either of the said Chief Justices, or the Chief Baron for the Time being, to be absent, as Justices of Nisi Prius for the said County of Middlesex, within the Term or within the Space of eight Days after the End of any Term respectively, to try all such Issues, as by the said Act they or any of them are enabled to try, in such Place and Manner, and with and under such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, as in and by the said recited Act, or any other Act of Parliament or Law what 4 - soever

1. stat. T. C 4. 22 Ed. z. fiat. 1. C 3. 12 Ed. 2.

pat. 1. C 4.

2 Ed. 3. C 16. 14 Ed. 3. fiat. 1. C 16, 7 R. 2. C 7. 14 LI 6,

C 1.

The Chief Justices cr Chief Baron, '

and in their Ad fence, any oath Judge or Baron in Term, or

within eight Days after, nai fry I sues of Nisi Prius.

592 C 32. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

See 24 Geo. 2. soever concerning the piemiftes, are prescribed and contained; any thingin the said recited Act to the concis. which extrary heieof in any wise notwithstanding.

f ' 'v'.ivaf. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tf'hat all Sheriffs, Officers, Ministers, Parties,

ta tbsterm! Witnesses, Jurors and other Persons whatsoever, who by the said recited Act were required to give atten shoriff? tec. dance upon the said Chief Justices and Chief Baron, or other Judges and Barons, or to make Return of pro sro tojive^at eels, or do or execute any other Matters or Things whatsoever, relating to Trials to be had by Virtue of tendance, C the said recited Act, shall be charged and obliged respectively to give their Attendance, make retum of Pro -- s by is liz. cess, and do and execute all other Matters and Things whatsoever relating to any Trials to be had by vir provided. tue of this Act, in the like Manner, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as in or by the said recited Act are expressed or provided, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same and every of them had been repeated and inserted in this present Act.

For former provisions concerning Chancery, refer to is Ed* 1, fiat. 5,

3 6 Ed. 3. C 9. 17 R. 2. C 6.

15 IJ. 6. C 4.

14 & 15 H. 8.

r. 8. 5 El. C

13.

[13 Car. 7.* fiat. 1. not printed]

1 IV & M. fiat. 1. C 21.

Ann. C 16. feci 22.

Offences against this act are excepted out of the genet al Pat den, 20 Geo. 2. c. 52.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for better securing the Moneys and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery; and to prevent the Counterfeiting of east-india Bonds, and Indorsements thereon; as likewise Indorsements on Soulb sea Bonds.

WHEREAS the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain did, on the twenty sixth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred twenty and five, make an Order for the Masters of the High Court of Chancery to deliver into the Bank of England the Money, Bonds, Tallies, Orders and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court under the respective Care and Direction, and for other Matters therein contained: And whereas the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain did, by an Order dated the fourth Day of November following, direct the said Order of the said twenty sixth Day of May to be kept and observed, with the Explanations, Alterations and Additions in the said Order of the fourth of November contained, and did thereby extend the said Orders to the Usher of the said Court, and also to all the Effects of the Suitors under the Care of the said Court: And whereas the Ordering Part of the said Order of the twenty sixth Day of May is verbatim recited contained in the said Order of the fourth of November, and the said Order of the fourth of November is as follows

Jovis quarto die Novembris one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five.

Qrdo Curies.

Whereas the Right Honourable the late Lords Commissioners for the Cufcody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, taking into their serious Consideration the ill Consequence and great Prejudice, which al ready had, and might hereafter ensue to the Suitors of this Court, by having their Moneys left in the lole Power of the Mailers of this Court; and likewise conceiving that the Bonds, Tallies, Orders and Effects of the Suitors under the Direction of the said several Masters, then locked up in the Vault of the Bank of England in several Chests, under the Care of the said Masters respectively, and of two of the six Clerks, C might be as safely deposited with the Bank of England in the Manner herein after mentioned: And to the End that the Money of the Suitors might be secured for their Use and Benefit, with the least Charge and Inconvenience to them, and that they might receive further Satisfaction in relation thereto, and how the same should be applied and disposed of, their Lordships did on the twenty sixth Day of May lalb order and direct in the Words following jvi fters. See. to "That every Mailer of this Court, together with the said six Clerks, do go to the Bank of England,

nptnibcirchc fts "and open their respective Chests, and that the said Masters, together with the said six Clerks and one of

inthcejnk, and a the Oalhiers of the Bank, do make a true and perfect Schedule of all the Bonds, Tallies, Orders and 7 ii'r Stelule "Effects deposited in the said several Chests, specifying their respective Numbers, Dates and Sums, and and dehitruhem^hrewh*e the Calli deposited therein, and do by such Schedule deliver over the same to the Bank of overtoihebank; CC England, and that at the Time of such Delivery each Mailer shall receive from the Bank a Certificate "of the Receipt of the Bonds, Tallies, Orders and Effects, and likewise of the Calli so delivered by each "Mailer respectively, under the Seal of the Bank of England, and that such Certificate be carried by each "Mailer to the Report office, and there filed; and that such Bonds, Tallies, Orders and Effects, and "Calli be entered causetvife in Books to be kept by each Mailer in the Report office; and that such Ma "as have been deficient in bringing in their Balance of Calli are hereby required to enter the same,

"but not causewile, till they shall have severally made good their whole Deficiencies, and that likewise "

"he entered in such Books causewife, the several Stocks of which the Masters have already declared "Trulls in the said several company's Books, and that an exact Duplicate of such Books be kept with the "Bank by each respective Mailer.

Bank to receive "And it is further ordered, That the Bank shall at all Times hereafter receive all Interest due upon tin Inteveil rn "such Bonds, Tallies and Orders, as likewise the Dividend of all such Stocks in the company's Books, such Bonds, &c. C t]lc Masters have declared Trulls for the Suitors of this Court; and that the Masters do for that

"Purpose, by a proper Authority, authorise and empower one of the Cashiers of the Bank to receive the same, and that from Time to Time such Interest of Money and Dividends of Stock be entered in the respective mailer's Accounts, to be so kept with the Bank in the said Books, and that the Masters shall at the End of every Term draw out of their respective Books at the Bank, an Account in Writing of

"the

C

593

: in their

]ic li they mjiq 5 to lirirj

respective Books at the Report office.

"And it is further ordered, that the ft

have declared Trulls to answer their Balance of Calli, shall bring in their Balance of Cash, and deposit',

the same with the Bank.

"And it is further ordered, That when any Money or Tallies, Orders or Bonds, at or after the hearing when Mow, of any Cause, shall hereafter be taken under the Care and Direction of this Court, the Mailer named by the Order hall direct the Payment of such Money, or the Delivery of such Tallies, Ordm and Bonds lt

into the Bank, and upon Payment or Delivery thereof accordingly, the Moneys so paid, and the Orders, rhc Court, V Tallies and Bonds so delivered, shall be entered in the Mailers Accounts kept with the Bank; but the (kr to dire;: ic Mailers final have no Power to issue any Money entered in their said Accounts, or to direct any of the "no tyre b.ink. said Securities to be delivered out, but the same shall be ordered to be paid or delivered to the Suitors, in Manner herein after mentioned.

u And it is further ordered. That when any Money shall be paid, or '['allies. Orders or Bonds delivered Tiu i'arty savin to the Bank, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Party so paying 1'uch Money, or delivering in |^j>'"'YQ,

such Tallies, Orders or Bonds, shall take a Certificate from one of the Calibres of the Bank, ol his n c'fh'i^c and" paying and delivering in of the same, and of their being placed to the proper mailer's Account; and d iacrjt toiln shall carry the said Certificate to such Mailer, who shall thereupon make his Report of the Payment of Matter, such Money, or Delivery of such Tallies, Orders and Bonds into the Bank, and file the same at the Report office; and that the Clerk of the said Office do enter the same in the master's Book causewife, and place the same to the proper Account of the rd pective Mailer there.

And it is further ordered, That when any Money shall hereafter be directed to be laid out on Govern Money directed

ment Securities, the Species of the particular Securities, m veiled, be for the Future mentioned in the Order: And in

whkh the same shall be directed to be in 111 b. c. |jld 0!'tj"'

case any of them shall confill of Enjl india Bonds, south-sea Bonds or Exchequer tallies and Orders, the same shall be delivered in at the Bank, of

Ul

which Delivciy such Certificate shall be given to such Mailer, by one of the Cashiers of the Bank as aforesaid, and proper Entries thereof shall be made in the Account of the Mailer mentioned in such Order; and if any such Securities shall confill of Stock in any of the said Companies, such Stock is to be transferred to such Maher, who shall make a Declaration of Trull in the Companies Books, That the same is subject to the Orders of this Court, and shall take a Certificate thereof from the proper Officer of the respective Company, and likewise enter the same into his Book at the Bank, that the Bank may receive the Dividends thereupon, and shall also make a Report of all such Securities; which Certificate and Report final 1 be filed at the Report office, and therein mention and specify the same Dates and Numbers of such Bonds, Tallies and Orders, and Quantities of Stock, and of the Time of the Transfer of such Stock to him, and the Clerk of the Report office is to enter the Dates, Sums and Numbers of the Bonds, Tallies and Orders, and Quantities of Stock in such Report mentioned, in the proper Mailer's Books kept there.

"And it is further ordered. That when any Securities deposited or to be deposited at the Bank, shall be When Securities "directed by Order of Court to be delivered out, the Regiller shall certify to the Mailer what Security is a redirected m be "to be delivered out, together with the Numbers, Dates and Sums of such Securities, and the Name the bank°lrc°i "the Cause wherein the same is to be delivered out; which Certificate the Clerk in Court, or Solicitor in her to certify.*"the Cause, shall deliver to the Mailer, who shall countersign the same, and such Certificate so counter "shall be a proper Authority for the Bank to deliver over such Security, and enter the Delivery of "such Securities in the master's Accounts causewife: And it is hereby declared to be the Duty of the Ma "to supervise such Entry, and to certify the same into the Report office, there to be filed.

"And for ascertaining the Times for the delivering out and taking in of Bonds, Tallies and Orders, by wcdnefuarsanj "the Bank, It is hereby ordered, That the same shall be so taken in and delivered out, on tvcdncfdays and Fridays spouini "Fridays in every Week, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, and the edjtnj FI; N in "Mailer shall receive from the Suitor the usual Fees for making the Report and filing the same, and no " t "more, and Aral! answer the See for filing the Report to the Report Office.

"And it is further ordered, That when any Stock in any of the Companies Books (of which any of when Stock is "the Mailers have, or shall declare Tmils for any of the Suitors) shall be ordered to be transferred by any 553 transferred "of the Mailers to the Suitors, the Regiller shall certify under his Hand to the Mailer, what Stock he is '? Suitors' Re "such Order to transfer, and to whom; which Certificate the Clerk in Court, or Solicitor in the Cause, 81 er to cert" ' "shall carry to the Mailer, who shall, within one Week, or at the then next Opening of the respective "Companies Books, attend in Person, and deliver such Certificate to the proper Officer of such Company,

"and transfer such Stock, or give sufficient Authority to some other Person so to do.

"And it is hereby declared, That such Certificate shall be an Authority to the respective Companies, to His certifcarj "permit the said Mailer, or other Persons by them lawfully authorised, to transfer such Stocks, of which fcficrer.i formi "the Mailer is hereby ordered and directed to make his Report, and procure the same to be filed kets tu mnsa V "in the Report office, for the making and filing of which Report the Mailer mail receive from the Suitor lc the usual Fees, and answer the See for filing of the Report to the Report office; and the Transfer of "such Stock shall be certified by the Mailer to the Bank, in order that such Stock may be discharged out "of the Account of the Mailer in his Book there.

".And it is further ordered, That when any Money belonging to the Suitors of this Court, received by How the Money "the Bank, pursuant to this or any other Order for that Purpose made, shall be directed to be paid by Or istobe phdt'"der of this Court, the Clerk in Court, or Solicitor in the said Cause, do carry the said Order to the tile ^u'lars "Mailer, who shall forthwith make a Certificate thereof, which Certificate such Clerk or Solicitor shall tc forthwith file in the Report office; and that the Mailer do by Note under his Hand draw on the Bank,

"forfo much Money as shall be so directed to be paid, upon Cheque Paper, fairly written, and signed by

Vol. V

G

the

C 32.

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

Mr. Bennett, C to enter

"the Matter, which Note of the Matter shall be carried to the Report office, and an Entry made thereof "in the matter's Book there, and Intratur shall be written thereon, and signed by the Register; which "Note so entered and signed shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Money to the Person "in such Note, or to such Personas he or file by Endorsement shall order to receive the same,

"as likewise to write off the same from such matter's Account there; but when any Sum of Money shall "directed to be paid to any Suitor out of such Money, so to be received by the Bank, for Interest or "Maintenance, the Matter shall by Note under his Hand upon Cheque Paper, without any Certificate, "draw on the Bank for the same; and such Note being signed by the Matter, and entered in the Report "and counterfeited by the Register, as is before directed, shall be a proper Authority for the Bank "to pay the same.

"And it is further ordered, That Mr. John Bennett, Mr. Convjay, Mr. Kinaston and Mr. Thomas Bennett "do in their Books to be kept in the Report office, and at the Bank, enter their respective Deficiencies of their deficiencies "their Balance of Cash, and do forthwith fell the several Estates and Effedfs that they have conveyed and ofcaih. "assigned to Mr. Holford, and that the Money arising by the Sale thereof be by the Purchasers paid into

"the Bank, and that the said Matters do immediately pay and make good their said Deficiencies; and in "Default thereof, upon Application to be made by the said Suitors by Petition (for which Petition no Fee ".or Reward shall be taken) the Court will make such further Order for their Relief as shall be jutt.

"And it is hereby further ordered, That Mr. Edwards do forthwith make up the Account of what he has received of the Effects of Mr. Dormer, and how the same has been paid out, when, to whom, and by what Order: And that Mr. Thurston do make up the Account of what he hath received of the i/tr Dcrmtrand tc Effects of Mr. Borrett, and what he hath paid out to the Suitors of the Court, when, to whom and by Mr! barrett's "what Order; and that such Accounts be entered in their respective Books at the Report office; and whatever shall be remaining in their Hands due to the Suitors of the Court, out of the Effects of Mr. Dormer or Mr. Borrett, or shall hereafter come to their Hands out of the said Effects, shall be by the said Mr. "Edwards and Mr. Thurston respectively paid into the Bank, and entered in difiind. Accounts, to be kept there, and upon Petition by the Suitors, to whom such Money shall belong (for which Petition no See or Reward shall be taken) the Court will make such further Order therein, as shall be jutt.

"And it is further ordered, That every Matter do, on the first Day of every Term, give an Account in Writing to the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great " Seal for the Time being, of all Moneys and Securities, or Stocks that they have issued or transferred in "the respective Causes before them since their last Account, together with the Dates of such Orders, and "that the Matters do diligently, from Time to Time, compare such Account with their Books kept at "the Report office, and at the Bank.

"And it is further ordered, That all the present Matters of this Court, and every other Person who shall "he admitted and sworn as a Matter of this Court, and all other Persons whatsoever, do in all "Things conform to and observe this Order, and all Matters and Things herein contained.

"And it is further ordered. That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall receive or take any Fee or Re "for doing or transacting any Business, Matter or Thing in Pursuance of this Order, other than the "Matters of this Court, and the Clerk of the Report office respectively; and the Matters shall only take "the same See for a Certificate as they have been inti tied to for a Report, and no more; and the Clerk of "the Report office shall only take the same See for filing the Certificate or Report, as the Clerk of the Report office has been entitled unto for filing the same; and that any Person presuming to take any new "See or Reward, shall be looked upon as guilty of Extortion, and upon Complaint thereof made to the "Court shall be punished with the utmost Severity.

"And it is further ordered. That this Order be forthwith published, and setup in all the Offices be "to this Court concerned in this Order."

And whereas the said Order is for the Benefit and Security of the Suitors of this Court, and may be further improved to that End, by the several Alterations, Additions and Explanations herein after contained: Therefore it is now ordered by the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, That the said Order of the twenty sixth Day of May last, wherein it is not herein after varied or alteied, shall be firmly kept and observed, together with the Explanations, Alterations and Additions following.

And it is hereby ordered and directed, That all the Matters of this Court do forthwith bring in, and leave with the Register of this Court, complete Accounts, home to the Time of bringing in such Accounts, of all Moneys, Stocks, Bonds, Tallies, Mortgages, Securities and other Ettedts belonging to any of the Suitors of this Court, in their respective Hands, Custody or Power, or for which they are respectively answerable, and not included in any of their Accounts formerly delivered into the Remitter's Office; and that all the said Matters do forthwith, by Schedule, deliver over to the Bank of England, all Sums of Money, Bonds, Notes, Orders, Tallies, Deposits, Securities and other Effects in any wise belonging to the Suitors of this Court in their respective Hands, Power or Custody, or for which they are answerable. Mortgages only excepted; and shall all'o specify in such Schedule, the several Annuities and Stocks which each of them respectively by himself, or jointly with others, hath in Trust for any of the Suitors of this Court; and that at the Time of the Delivery of such Money and other Effects, such Matter shall receive from the Bank, a Certificate of the Receipt thereof, and also of the said Specification of the said Annuities and Stocks, under the Seal of the Bank of England; and that such Certificate be carried by each Matter to the Report office, and there filed; and that such Sums of Money, Bonds, Notes, Annuities, Stock and other Securities and eft efts of the Suitors, shall be entered laufewife in Books kept by each Matter in the Report office, and in the Bank, except as to such Matters who are deficient in their Balance of Cash; which deficient Matters are hereby required to enter the same in their respecttive Books, left at the Bank and at the Report office, but not causewife, till they shall severally have made good their Deficiencies, except such Securities or Stocks as were specifically appropriated, or Trulls declared,

4'to

Mr. Edwards and Mr. thur iion to make up

xtt'e&s.

Matters, thefirtt Day of Term, to CI give an Account to Lord chancellor's Secretary of Moneys transferred since latt "Account.

All Matters to CC conform to these u Orders.

No Fee, except CC to Matter and Clerk of the Report office. "

This Order to be firmly kept, not hereby altered.

Matters to bring in Accounts of < all Moneys, C ( which they are answerable, 'not included in former Accounts, and deliver them over to the bank, ca.

D. x725. Anno duodecimo Georgi regis. C 32. 595

to or for any of the Suitors of this Court; vffirich said Stocks and Securities such deficient Matters, as well as the other Matters, are respectively to enter in their said reflective Cooks causewife; and the Ban,

is to receive the Interest, Produce and Dividends of all the said Securities, Annuities and Stocks, as also the Interest, Produce and Dividends due or hereafter to be due on all Stocks, Bonds, Tallies, Orders,

Annuities and other Securities, whereof any of the Matters of this Coutt are now pofi efied, or hereafter shall be possessed of, in Trull for the Suitors of this Court, or have already declared, or at any Time hcrc

after shall declare any Trust for any of the said Suitors; and that cash Matter of the Court do, from Time to Time, empower one of the Cashiers of the Bank to receive the same; and that from Time to Time such Interest, Produce and Dividends shall be entered in tile respective Matter's Accounts at the Bank;

and that at least at the End of every Term, but oftener if there be Occasion, the Bank shall certify cause wife to each Matter the several Sums so received, respectively belonging to the Suitors of this Court, under such matter's respective Care and Inspection, to the End that each Matter may make like Entries

in the respective Books kept by themselves, and likewise deliver a Copy thereof to the Clerk of the Report office, who is forthwith to cause the same respectively to be entered causewife in the respective Ma 4 tter's Books at the Report office: And as to Mortgages, which any of the Matters of this Court have now singly by themselves, or jointly with others, in Trust for the Suitors of this Court, the particular

Trust shall be endorsed on the Back of the Mortgage Deed, if it be not so already endorsed, or inserted in the Body of the Deed; and as to all such future Mortgages, the particular Truth shall be inserted in the Body of the Mortgage deed; and all Interest and Pi mcipal to be hereafter paid on all such Mortgages,

shall, by the Party paying, be paid into the Bank, in Manner and Form as is herein after directed concerning the Payment of Money into the Bank.

And whereas in and by the said recited Order it is ordered, That when any Money, Tallies, Orders or Bonds, at or after the hearing of any Cause, should be thereafter taken under the Care and Direction of this Court, the Matter named by the Order should direct the Payment of such Money, or the Delivery of such Tallies, Orders and Bonds into the Bank, with other Provisions therein contained, Now, for the wh nmon»y,

explaining and enlarging the said Part of the said Order, It is hereby further ordered. That all Moneys, c r':

Tallies, Orders, Bonds, Securities or other Effefls of the Suitors of this Court, by any former Order di refled to be brought in before, paid or delivered to, any Matter of this Court, which have not yet been themte so paid in or delivered, and also all Moneys, Tallies, Orders, Bonds, Securities and Effefls, either be of the Order,

sore, at or after the Flearing of any Cause to be hereafter directed to be taken under the Care of, or to be C

brought before, or delivered in, or paid to any Matter of this Court, shall not be brought before, delivered or paid to such Matter; but when any Security, Sum of Money or other Effefls are ready to be delivered or paid in, in Obedience to any such Order, the Matter to whom the Cause Hands referred, or to whom, or by whom the Delivery or Payment is directed to be made, shall, on Application by the Party interested, his Clerk in Court, or Solicitor in the Cause, certify the Date of such Order, and the Sum of Money, Tallies, Orders, Bonds, Deposits, Securities and other Efrefls then to be paid or delivered in upon such Order, and the Name of the Caute, to the Account of which the same is to be placed; and upon the said party's, or his Clerk in Court, or solicitor's delivering such Certificate, and Payment of such Money, or delivering of such Tallies, Orders, Bonds, Sccui ities or other Effects into the Bank, the same shall be entered in the respective matter's Accounts in the Bank, and be under the same Regulations,

4 as in the said recited Order, and herein after is prescribed.

And whereas, according to the Method prescribed by the said recited Order, for the Payment of any Money out of the Bank, belonging to the Suitors of this Court, the Matter observing the Regulations in the said recited Order contained, is by Note under his Hand, to draw oil the Bank, for such Money as shall be ordered by this Court to be paid, which Note is to be llrll carried to the Report office: Now it Matter's Vite is hereby further ordered. That such Note shall he so limited to be paid within a Month after Date; and forjujing Mo 4 that if it be not paid within such Time, the Note shall be void; and that when such Note is carried to C

the Report Office, there shall be also carried with it the Order whereby such Payment was directed to be within a mcr.ih 4 made, and an Entry shall be made in the matter's Book at the said Office, not only of the said Note, but after Date, r, C

also a Memorandum that it was drawn by Virtue of such Order, and thereupon an Intratur is to be made,

and such other Proceedings had, as in the said recited Order are for that Purpose prescribed.

And whereas by the said recited Order it is directed, That where Securi ies deposited or to be deposited with the Flank shall be delivered out, proper Entries mail be made thereof in the matter's Accounts at the Bank causewife, of which Entries Certificates shall be filed in the Report office; but no Provision Clerk of the is made in such Order for the like Entry in the matter's Books in the Report office: It is therefore orr rv on ce to dered. That when the Matters do ar any Time hereafter certify to the Report office such Entry, of bo^ks'ibeh h 5 4 the delivering out such Secui ities as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Report office shall make Entries accor Ve, ingo, t. f Sc. 4 ding to such Certificate in the respective matter's Books kept in that Office, of the delivering out such Securitas atihe curities as aforesaid. Bin);

And whereas since the making of the said Order of the twenty sixth Day of May last, Richard Godfrey, Mr. Godfrey Esq; one of the Matters of this Court, hath been deficient in bringing in his Balance of Caflr, and is iul>je£h i m ite now a deficient Matter: It is therefore hereby ordered, That the said Richard Godfrey, and his Ellate, O'jers relating and the Moneys, Securities and Effefls of the Suitors in his Hands, Custody or Power, or under his Care,

shall be subject to the same Methods, Rules, Orders and Regulations, as are in and by this and the said recited Order prescribed and appointed, in Relation to the deficient Matters.

Ami forasmuch as no Directions or Provisions are laid down in the said Order relating to the Stocks,

Securities, Moneys or Effefls of or belonging to the Suitors of this Court, in the Name, Hands or Custody, or under the Care of the Usher of this Court, and to the Intent that due Caution may be taken touching such Stocks, Securities, Moneys and Effefls, and one uniform Method may be observed: is xnherof the

therefore further ordered, That the Usher of this Court do,

4. CX 2

as to all Stocks and Annuities of the Suitors Court iiisuutv

of

596 C 32-

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis, A.D. 1725

Where Money, &c.' has been ordered to be paid to the Usher, it shall be paid into the Sank,

Uilier to observe the like Orders as the Matters relating to Bonds, See,

of this Court, landing in his Name, forthwith deliver into the respective Companies a Declaration in Writing, that such Stocks and Annuities are in Trust to answer the Orders of this Court and the said respective Companies are to take Care that proper Entries be made thereof in their Books, so that such Stocks or Annuities be not transferred, but by Order or Leave of the Court; and that the said Usher do forthwith bring in and leave with the Register of this Court a complete Account, home to the Time of bringing it in, of all Moneys, Stocks, Bonds, Tallies, Mortgages, Securities and other Effects belonging to any of the Suitors of this Court, in his Hands, Custody or Power, or for which he is answerable and that he do likewise forthwith, by Schedule, deliver over to the Bank of Englandcausewife, all Sums of Money, Bonds, Notes, Orders, Tallies, Deposits, Securities and other Effects of the Suitors of this Court, in his Hands, Custody or Power, or for which he is answerable. Mortgages only excepted } and do also specify in such Schedule the several Annuities and Stocks which land in his Name, or he hath either singly, or jointly with others, in Trust for any of the Suitors of this Court and that he do receive from the Bank a Certificate of the Receipt of such Schedule, and carry the same to the Report Office, and there file stand that such Sums of Money, Bonds, Notes, Annuities, Stocks and other Securities and Effects of the Suitors, shall] be entered causewife in Books kept by the Usher in the Report Office, and in the Bank } and that the like Method and Manner be in these Particulars observed by the Usher, as in and by this Order, and the said recited Order is prescribed to the Mailers of this Court; and the Bank is to receive the Interest, Produce and Dividends of all the said Sureties, Annuities and Stocks, as also of all Stocks, Bonds, Tallies, Orders, Annuities and other Securities, whereof the Usher is or shall be possessed in Trust, for any of the Suitors of this Court, or hath, or hall declare any Trust for them, the Usher authorising one of the Cashiers of the Bank to receive the same } and such Entries are to be made thereof, and such Rules to be observed, as herein, and in the said recited Order are set down, to and for the Masters of this Court and as to Mortgages, which the Usher of this Court, either singly or jointly, now hath, or hereafter may have in Trust for the Suitors of this Court, the same Rules and Methods shall be observed by the Usher, as in the like Cases are herein before prescribed to the Masters.

And it is hereby further ordered, That where any Money, Tallies, Orders, Bonds, Mortgages, Securi ties and other Effects of the Suitors of this Court, have by any former Order been directed to be brought into this Court, or to be brought before, paid or delivered to the said Usher, and have not been yet so brought before, paid or delivered, the same and also all Moneys, Tallies, Orders, Bonds, Securities and other Eft'edls, either before, at or after the Hearing of any Cause to be hereafter ordered or directed to be brought into this Court, or to be taken under the Care of the Usher, shall not be brought before, delivered 1 in or paid to the etsher, but shall be paid or delivered into the Bank of England, under the Regulations,

and in the Manner as the Masters are herein, and in the said recited Order required to do } and the Usher shall on his Pait, in all Things relating hereunto, act in like Manner as the Masters are in such Cases obliged to do.

And it is likewise further ordered, That if any Money or Effects of the Suitors of this Court, shall by the Usher, or in his Name, be laid out or inverted in any Bonds, Tallies, Orders, Stocks, Annuities or other Securities, the same Methods, Orders and Regulations shall be observed by the Usher and others, in Relation thereto, as hereby, and by the said recited Order, are in like Cases prescribed to the

Masters.

or in transfer

jing Deposits in the Bank,

Uttier's See,

In all orjers hereafter to be made, the Rules of this Order to < he observed.

And it is also further ordered. That when any Stocks or Annuities in the Name of the Usher shall be hereafter transferred, or any Deposits, Money, Interest or Dividends, or other Thing contained in the said usher's Account, shall be paid or delivered out of the Bank, the same Method shall be obfeived, and the said Usher and all others, shall act and do in all Things relating thereto, as the Masters of this Court are hereby appointed to do; and in general the same Rules, Methods, Orders and Regulations, which are hereby and by the said recited Order directed and prescribed to be observed, performed and done by and to the Masters of this Court, with Respect to the Moneys, Stocks, Bonds, Mortgages, Tallies, Orders, Annuities, Securities and other Eft'edls of the Suitors of this Court, in their Name, or under their Inspection and Care, shall be in like Cases, mutatis mutandis, observed, performed and done by and to the Usher of this Court, with Respect to the Moneys, Stocks, Bonds, Mortgages, Tallies, Orders, Annuities, Securities and other Effects of the Suitors of this Court, in his Name, or under his in spedlion or Care.

And forasmuch as the Usher of this Court hath usually had and received, upon the Payment of any Money or Effects in.o his Hands, pursuant to the Order of this Court, two Shillings for every Receipt or Certificate by him signed, testifying the Receipt of such Money or Effects, and hath also usually had and received twopence in the Pound of all Moneys or Eft'edts paid or delivered out by him to the Suitors of this Court; therefore it is further ordered, When any Money or Effects belonging to the Suitors of this Court, paid into the Bank in the Name or on Account of the Usher, shall] be directed to be paid out by the Order of this Court, and the Usher is to make a Certificate thereof, to be filed in the Report office, the said usher shall have and receive two Shillings for signing such Certificate; and for every Diaught that he shall make on the Bank, he shall at the Time of such Draught receive twopence in the Pound of all Money contained in such Draught, Draughts for Interest or Maintenance excepted } and if the said Usher. hall presume to take any other Eee or Reward, lie shall be looked upon as guilty of Extortion, ani upon Complaint thereof made to the Court, shall be punished with the utmost Severity.

And to the End that the Directions herein before given may from henceforth be uniformly observed, It is hereby further ordered, That in ail Orders to be hereafter made, relating to the Moneys or Effects of the Suitors of this Court, the several Rules and Directions of this Order shall be observed and followed, although the same should not be particularly expressed in any such future Order.

And

And it is further ordered, That this Order be forthwith published and setup in all the Offices belonging This Order to to this Court, concerned in this Order. be publicicd.

Intr. Edw. Goldefbrough Dtp. Reg.'

II. And whereas in Pursuance of the said Orders several of the Effects of the Suitors of the said Court have been delivered into the Bank of England, and the said Method is for the Benefit and Security of the Suitors, and fit to be observed, subject nevertheless to such Alterations and other Regulations, as may at any Time hereafter, from the Exigency or Circumstances of Affairs, be found reasonable or proper by the said High Court of Chancery; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said two Orders of the High Court of The fcid two Chancery he confirmed, and that the same shall be henceforwards observed and kept, unless in such Points Oriicr. conns shall be varied in this present Act, or hall at any Time hereafter be varied or changed by the High Court firme'i' of Chancery, according as the said Court hall, from the Exigency or Circumstances of Affairs, judge reasonable or proper.

III. And to the End the Account between the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and the Bank of An Accountant England may be tyre more regularly and plainly kept, and the State of such Account may be at all Times General of the seen and known, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be one Person appointed^by the f iigh Court of Chancery, to act, perform, and do all such Matters and Things relating to the De jvgco. livery of the Suitors Money and Effects into the Bank, and taking them out of the Bank, and the keeping the Accounts with the Bank, and all other Matters relating thereto, as in and by the said recited Orders, or either of them, are prescribed and directed to be done and performed by the Matters and Usher of the said High Court of Chancery, which said Officer so to be appointed shall be called the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and hall hold such Office during the Pleasure of the said Court; and an Account ttnall be kept in his Name with the Bank of England for and on the Behalf of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Orders, with respect to the Matters of the said Court and the Bank; and the same Rules, Methods and Directions, as are prescribed by the said Orders to the Suitors, the Matters, Uflierand Bank, as to the delivering into, and taking out of the Bank the Alonies and ettefts of the Suitors, and other Matters therein contained, shall be observed by the Suitors, the Bank, and the said Accountant General, unless where the Court of Chancery shall. to the Exigency and Circumstances of Affairs, otherwise determine and appoint.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accountant General hall. Accountant m as to the several Regulations and Directions prescribed 'in the said Orders, stand and be in the Place and

Room of the Matters, and Usher of the said Court, and shall receive no other See or Reward from the Sui "ni usherot tors for the Exercise of his said Office, than what is allowed to the Matters in and by the said Order of the the Court, twenty sixth Day of May one thouslmd seven hundred and twenty-five; and the several Matters and Usher of the Court of Chancery, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby required' with convenient Speed, to make up their several Accounts with the said Accountant General, or any other person thereunto authorised by the Court of Chancery, of all the Moneys, Securities and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court in their Custody, or under their Direction or Care; and to pay and deliver into the Bank all Moneys,

Deposits and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court yet remaining in their several Hands, there to be carried to the Account of the said Accountant General, and to be placed causewife or otherwise, as is already, or shall hereafter be directed by the said Court; and all Moneys, Deposits and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court, already deposited with or delivered to the Bank by the said Matters or Usher, or on their Account, hall in like Manner be carried to the Account of the said Accountant General, and he placed causewife or otherwise, as is already or final] hereafter be directed by the said Court; and the said Matters and Usher, their Executors and Administrators, shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Moneys,

Deposits and Effects of the said Suitors, so paid or delivered into the Bank as aforesaid.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Mortgages, Tatties, Orders, Stocks, Annuities, and other Mortgages, s. C transferable Securities, now in the Name of any of the said Matters or Usher, either fingiy by them now in the selves, or jointly with others, in Trust for the Suitors of the said Court, shall be assigned and transferred Name of Mato the said Accountant General; and such Alignments and Transfers hall he freed and discharged from the Stamp-duty, and from any other Duty imposed thereon by Act: of Parliament; and that all Mortga Accountant!"

ges. Tallies, Orders, Stocks, Annuities, and other transferable Securities, to be hereafter taken by the

Directions of the said Court for the Benefit of any of the Suitors shall, if appointed to be taken in the

Name of any Officer of the said Court, be taken in the Name of the said Accountant General; and that

in all such Assignments and Transfers to the said Accountant General, as also in all such other transferrable

Securities, to be hereafter taken in his Name, the particular Trustshall be specified and inserted in

the Assignment, Transfer or Security itself; and such other Rules and Methods of proceeding shall be had

and observed with respect: to such transferrable Securities, by the Accountant General and others, as by the said recited Orders are respectively appointed to be observed by the Matters, Usher, and others.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That notwithstanding anything in this Act: contained, the said Court of chancery may Chancery shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, according to the Exigency of Affairs, alt" any^3rt f to vary, alter or change any Part of the Regulations in the said Orders, or herein before contained, and to thee 0ljersi make such further or other Regulations about the Premises, as to the same Court shall seem meet and reasonable.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the Death or Removal of any Accountant a(vrdpnih, e. General, all Mortgages, Tallies, Orders, Stocks, Annuities, and other transferrable Securities, vetted in of

him at the Time of such his Death or Removal, in trust for the Suitors of the said Court, shall vest in the In'hi.3' succeeding Accountant General, for the same Estates and Interests as he then had therein, and subject to Succeiiw.

the

59s C 33-

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

Accountant not to meddle with the Suitors Money, but only keep Account with the Bank

"Forging the 'hand of the Accountant, to a Certificate to receive Suitors Effects in the Bank,

©ranyeaft indta

or south-sea Bond, is Felony without Clergy.

Concerning Forgery, see farther V Geo. 2. c. 2 4. Geo 2. C 18. 7 Geo. 2. c. 22, 2.4. 23 Geo.

the same Trusts, without any Alignment or Transfer whatsoever; and that upon such Death or Removal of any Accountant General, all Moneys, Deposits and Kftetfts of the Suitors of the said Court, for which he shall then have Credit in his Account with the Bank, shall be carried to the Account of the succeeding Accountant General.

VIII. And to the End that all Misapplications or Waitings of the Subjects. Money by any Officer of, the High Court of Chancery may be entirely prevented for the future, Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accountant General shall not meddle with the actual Receipt of any of the Money or Effects of the Suitors, but shall only keep the Account with the Bank; and the said Accountant General observing the Rules hereby prescribed, or hereafter to be prescribed to him by the said Court, shall not be answerable for any Money or Effects which he shall not actually receive; and the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Moneys and Effects of the Suitors which are or shall be actually 'received by them.

IX. And be it likewise further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shalt, from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly actor assist in the forging r counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the said Accountant General, the said Register, the said Clerk of tie Report office, or any of the Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to any 'certificate, Report, Entry, Indorsement, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction, Authority, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any the Money or Effects of any of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully actor assist in forging or counterfeiting any Certificate, Report, Entry, Endorsement, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction, Authority, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Certificate, Report, Entry, Endorsement, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction, Authority, Instrument or Writing, made by such Accountant General, Register, Clerk of the Report office, or any of the Cashiers of the said 'governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, or any Endorsement or assignment thereon, or on any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the Governor and company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery; shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever; then every such Person and Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be and is hereby declared.and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall fuss er Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

31 Geo. 2. c. 22. And for farther Provison: concerning Chancery, see farther the next Cap. and 3 Geo. 2. c. 30* 5 Geo. 2. c. 25. 12 Geo. 2. a. C 25.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

Seethe References at the Head of the foregoing Chapter,

Additional Stamp Duties for 16 Yea's.

Continued by 9 Geo. 2. c. 32. Made perpetual zj Geo. 2. C 25/

Original Writs, Stc.

I. 'Ill WHEREAS Fleetwood Dormer and John Barrett, Esquires, deceased, late two of the Mailers of the High Court of Chancery, and Richard Godfrey, Edward Conivay and I hi 111 am Kinaston, Esquires, three of the present Matters of the said Court, have been deficient in answering the Money and X effects ordered by the Court into their Hands: And whereas in order to know the State and Particulars of the said Deficiency, tile Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, pursuant to his

Majesty's Directions, did by several Orders direct several Matters of the Court of Chancery, to inquire into, ' examine and state the Claims and Demands of the Suitors of the said Court, upon those Offices wherein

the Deficiencies happened, and the said Matters to whom such Inquiry was directed have made their Re

ports, whereby it appears that (besides the Deficiency of the said William Kinaston, which is supposed he will be able to make good himself; and after deducing what flia il be made and produced by and out of the

Estates and effects of the said deficient Masters, and also the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds given by

his Majesty on the Address of the House of Commons towards the Relief of the said Suitors, and now vested in land-tax Tallies for their Benefit, with the Interest due thereon) there will be, according to

the present Computation, a Deficiency of the Sum of fifty-one thousand bight hundred fifty-one Pounds

nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, besides several other Claims in the said Offices of the said Fleetwood Borrer and John Dormett, deceased, and of the said Richard Godfrey and Edward Conway, not determined by the said Masters, but submitted to the Determination of the said Court, and which if allowed, will greatly increase the said Deficiency: And whereas the Commons of Great Britain are desirous £ relieve the distressed Suitors of the said Court; Therefore to the End that all the said Deficiencies may be ascertained, and a full and proper Relief maybe had, and a sufficient Provision maybe made for the Payment of all the just Debts and Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the second Day of August which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, there shall he throughout England, the Dominion of jfales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, collected and paid, during the Term of sixteen Years, for the several and respective Th ngs herein after mentioned, which shall be written or engrossed during the Term aforesaid, over and above the Rates, Duties and Sums of Money now due and payable in respeift thereof, the further several and respective Rates, Duties, Charges and Sums of Money following; that is to say,

II. For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Original Writ (except such Original on which a Writ of Capias issues) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, Latitat, Writ of Capias,

Quominus,

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis.

33-

599

Quominus, Writ of Dcdbnus Potcjlatem, to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that flan!i ifi ue out of, or pass the Seals of any the Courts at Westminster, Courts of Great Sessions in ifalcs, Courts in Counties Palatine, or in any other Court whatsoever, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value, shall be ingrossed or written (Writs of Covenant fur levying Pines, Writs of Entry for differing Common Recoveries, and Writs of Habeas Corpus always excepted) the Sum of sixpence.

III. For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any Entry of any action in the Entry of Actions. mayor's and Sheriffs Courts of London, and in Courts in all Corporations, and other Courts wh ttfo mayor's ever, out of which no Writs, Process or Mandates ilt'ue, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage doth c'ou, L Seamount to forty Shillings or above, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of sixpence; and for every

Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any.citation or Monition ttiade in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Sum of sixpence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting and paying the said Duties hereby granted, the same shall be under the Direction, Government, To be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties payable Management of to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by former ^uonimifiio acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impow nerso itanlp5' ered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to use stich j.ics and Stamps to denote the Stamp-duties hereby charged as they shall see proper, and to repair the same, from Time to Time, as there shall be Need or Occasion, and to do all other Acts, Matters and 'Filings, necessary to be By them done for the putting this act in Execution with Relation to the said Duties hereby granted.

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Salaries, C r said Commissioners, or the major Part of them for the Time being, out of the Duties arising by this act, ke paid out of to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid, from Time to Time for Salaries and Duties., other incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the recovering, receiving, collecting, levying, di ffributing and managing of the same Duties by this act granted, during the Continuance of the said 'I'erm;

anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Day Allowance

of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty frx, every Person where tneduties who shall at one'l ime bring to be stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners Paper or Parchment, the amount t 101.. said Duties whereof shall amount to ten Pounds or upwards, shall be allowed after the Rate of six Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, upon the present Payment of the said Duties at the Head Office in London ox Westmhtjhr, and not otherwise, nor any other Allowance: And the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to trust and give credit to the several Distributors of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and.

Paper, with these. Duties, in the same Manner, and upon the like Condition and terms, as they in trust such Distributors with the other Duties under their Care.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That none of the Rates, Impofrtions or Sums of Rates v..ticre

Money before in this act expressed, shall be raffed, levied, collected and paid, or payable by Virtue of Persons Le in this act, by any Person or Persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma Pauperis. Forma Pauperis.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, charged by this act with any of the Stamp-duties hereby granted, which hath been or shall (before the said second Day of August)

be stamped or marked, in Purfunnce of the former acts of parliament relating to his Majesty's Stamp Paper, &c.stamp Duties, or any of them, shall before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any duty is hereby ed with former made payable) be written or ingrossed thereupon (such writing or ingrossing being at any Time after the jjtainps tj said second Day of August, and within the Term of the Continuance of this AO) be brought to the Head q'lobe 5 Office for Damping or marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be stamped or marked with another damped with Mark or Stamp, over and besides the Marks or Stamps put or to be put thereupon in Pursuance of the said another Mark. former Acts, or any of them; and that all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, which hath not been or shall not b fore the said second Day of August be stamped or marked in Pursuance of the said former acts, or any of them, shall (before any the Matters or Things, in respect whereof any Stamp-duty is payable hereby, and by the said former acis, or any of them, shall be thereupon written or ingrossed, such writing or ingrossing being after the said second Day of August, and within the said Term and the Continuance of this act) be brought to the said Head Office, and there marked and stamped with the proper Marks or Stamps, provided, used or appointed, or to be provided or appointed in Pursuance of this act, and of the said former acts of Parliament, to denote the respective Duties hereby and thereby reflectively charged thereupon; and if any of the said Matters and Things so to be ingrossed and written as aforesaid, shall during; j. penalty for the Term left mentioned be ingrossed or written, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Writing without Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not appearing to have been duly marked or stamped according to this Act, the Stamps, fitc. that then and in every such Case there shall be due, answered and paid (over and above the Stamp-duties payable hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them) for every such Matter and Thing respectively the Sum of five Pounds, and that no such Matter or Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duty hereby charged in respect thereof, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid to the receiver-general for the Time being of the Stamp-duties, or his Deputy or Clerk, and until the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which such Matter or Thing is so written or ingrossed, shall be marked or stamped, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof: And the said receiver-general, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duties, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, and such other sums as by the said former acts are payable.in that Behalf, to give a receipt for such Moneys; and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark or stamp such Matters or Things with the proper

Marks

6oo

Commissioners and Officers to be sworn.

Their Oath,

The Money to be paid to the Bank,

A Book to be kept on account of the Suitors,

The Penalties, cof Act9W. 3, to be in Force

§ W. 3. C 44.

All the Powers in the Stamp Acts to be in Forpe.

9 W. 3. C 25.

1 .'inn. flat r.

(, 13, 1 A n.

flat, 2. e. ii.

4 5 Ann. C

12. 5 Ann. C

ig. 3 Ann. C 9.9 Ann. C 11 23, to A a. C 19 & 26.

12 Ann. flcj. 1. f. 2. 12 Ann,

flat. z. C 9.

5 Geo. 1. C iq.

Jen. 43. 6 Geo.

Receivers. C to exhibit their yearly Accounts to the Auditor the Impresss.

C 33. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

Marks and Stamps required in that Behalf, which said Sum of five Pounds is to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties hereby granted are to be applied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner and Officer who shall act in and about the managing or collecting the Stamp-duties hereby granted, shall before he shall act in or about the same, take the Oath following, that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to the Act of Patlia Jl ment made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for 1 Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, whereby certain additional Duties are charged or made payable, in respect of the several Matters and Things engrossed or written, as therein is mentioned, with - out Fraud or Concealment; and shall from Time to Time true Account make of my doings therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons, as by the said Act are l'mpowered to receive such Account; and shall take no Fee, Reward or Profit whatsoever, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, ' or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than such as by the said Act ' is allowed of.'

Which Oath shall or may be administered by any two or more of the Commissioners lad mentioned, or any one or more Justices of the Peace.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officer and Officers who filial 1 be concerned in the levying, collecting or receiving the Duties arising by this Act, shall and do keep separate and diilindl Accounts thereof, and pay the same to the Caflrier of the Bank of England for the Time being; who is hereby required and empowered to receive the same, and whose Receipt or Receipts shall be, from Time to Time, to the said receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, a sufficietn Discharge, which Payments are to be made weekly on wednesday in every Week, unless it bean Holiday, and then the next Day after, which shall not be an Holiday.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Bank of England, a Book or Books, wherein all the Moneys to be paid in Weekly as aforesaid, shall be en tred, and the same shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable upon Account of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; and when the said Moneys shall be paid to the Cashier of the Bank as aforesaid, the same shall be, and be considered as Part of the General and Common Cash of the said Court of Chancery, and as such shall be issued and applied in and for the Payment of the respee tive Demands of the Suitors of the said Court, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Receivers General, Comptrollers, Collectors and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the managing, raising, levying, receiving, collecting or paying the Duties arising by this Actor in keeping the Accounts thereof, or accounting in respect of the same, shall perform their several and respective Duties therein, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or neglect therein, or for detaining or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two millions upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities t after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East indics, for the like Offence or Neglect, in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and otiier Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper thereby granted, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted by the Act lart mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, articles, Clauses, Pains of Death and other Penalties and Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed, appointed or contained in or by an Act of Parliament made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Mvjejh, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or in any other Act of Parliament relating to the like Duties, which are now in Force, and not hereby altered or otherwise provided for, shall in the same Manner and Form as they now Hand in Force, with relation to the said Duties or any of them, be of full Force and Efredt, with relation to the said Stamp Duties hereby charged, during all the said Term of Sixteen Years, and shall be applied, practised, made and executed for the securing, raising, levying, collecting, executing, answering and paying the said Stamp-duties hereby charged, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses and Things, and every of them, had severally and respectively been particularly enacted in this Act, with relation to the Stamp-duties hereby charged, and as if the Stamp-duties hereby charged had been charged by the said last mentioned Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign or in any other such Act or Acts as aforesaid,

C 4 & 21. 11 Geo. 1. c. 8.

XIV. and.he it ejiadled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver or Receivers General, Comptroller

or other Person or Persons, who are or shall be respectively employed in the directing, receiving, collecting or paying the Duties by this Act granted, shall and are hereby required, between the second Day of August and the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, during the Continuance of this Act to exhibit theii respective yearly Accounts thereof to his Majesty's Auditors of the Impressed for the Time being, or one of them, who shall and are hereby from Time to Time respectively authorised to examine upon Oath the said Receiver or Receivers General, Comptroller or other Person or Persons, Accountant or Accountants, which shall be employed in raising, receiving or collecting the said Duties hereby granted, of and concerning what Sum or Sums of Money was or were by them or any of them respectively raised, col,

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis, C 33. or

1 or received within the Time of such their Accounts, and liicewife what Part thereof was by them or any of them paid to the Cashier of the Bank of England aforesaid, and in making the f.iiii Accounts to and before the said Auditors or one of them they are to produce proper Vouch rs for every Sum or hums of Money so by them or any of them received or paid, and the said Auditor shall have and receive of the person accounting, the Sum of twenty Shillings, and no more, for every thousand Pounds the said Accounts shall amount unto; the which Accounts so audited shall be signed by the f.iid Auditor, and the same shall be at all times to the said receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, Comptroller and all other Officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant and Discharge to all Intents and Purpoll

Geo. 2. c. 32. 16 Geo. 2. c. 26. 29 Geu c. 12 & 13. 3^ Gr. C jr.d 32

/< 9

Geo. z, C y ->

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the said Court of Chancery ftvsil chmeerv judge it necessary, for the Payment of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court, to borrow Money Wrow ^, nj upon the Duties or Fund hereby granted, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to borrow 011 thn twe, any Sum of Money thereupon, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Hetty thousand Pounds, at such

Times, and in such Proportions, and to make or giant such Order or Security on the said fund for Repayment of the Money so borrowed, with Interest, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum., at such Times and in such Manner as the said Court shall think fit to direct; which Morey so borrowedshall be paid into the said Bank of England, and be made Part of the general and common Cash of the said Court, for the Benefit of the said Suitors, and shall be issued and issuable, from and by the said Bank, for the like Benefit of the said Suitors, as the said Court of Chancery shall likewise direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall he provided and kept in the Boole to ie Bank of England, one or more Book or Books, in which an Account of the Moneys that shall he borrowed

upon the Credit of this Act shall be fairly and orderly entered and registered, containing and expressing the m0njj.s\0'r"e several Sums so borrowed, and the Times when they were respectively advanced, together with the Names rowed, of the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, lending or advancing the same; and that all and every person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the Bank of England, shall, upon producing a Receipt of the same under the Hand of any Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank, have an Order of the Court of Chancery for Repayment of his, her or their Principal Money, with Interest for the same, to be accounted from the Time of the advancing such Principal Sum, and to be payable by half yearly Payments, until the Repayment of his, her or their Principal Money; and that such Orders for Repayment shall be Registered in a Book to be kept for that purpose with such Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct, due Course of Time, according to the Date of the said Orders respectively; ari that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or M "nies 'ole Corporate, shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall Hand registered in the said Book or mc°vrf.

Books, so as that the Person, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her or their Executors, Administrators,

Successors or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Book, shall be taken and accounted as the first to be paid out of the Moneys to arise or come by Virtue of this act j and he, she or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the Second to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to arise or come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns successively, without any undue Preference one before another, and not to be divertible or diverted to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee,

Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for providing or making any such Books, Registers or Entries, or for any View or Search of the same, or for the Payment of any Money lent upon the Credit of this Act, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Penalty of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also: if any undue Preference shall be made, either in Point of Registry No undue pt. or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party ot terc, icr'

sending shall be liable, by Action of Debt or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, Damages and

Costs to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office: And if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without the Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to suchlike Action, Debt, Damages and Costs as aforesaid, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Cofrs, to be forfeited and incurred by any of the last mentioned Officers or any of their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any ways granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if it happen that several Orders for Payment as v'fc2t !e

aforesaid, bear Date or be brought the same Day to the Officer to be Registered, then it shall be interpreted 'f1'0

no undue Preference which of those he enters first, so as he enters them all the same Day. mice.' '

XVIII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted to incur any Penalty, in Point of Payment, to pay subsequent Orders of the Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Order before other Persons that did not cometand demand their Money, and bring their Order in their Course, so as there may be so much Money reserved, as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, Bodies Poli a.fljgnableani tick or Corporate, to whom any Money shall be due by Virtue of this Act, after Order entered for Payment u^ajici rabjc. thereof as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, by Endorsement of

Yol. V 4 H his.

6 C 2

C

33*

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

te Cash in th" Bank to be one common Cash.

Chancery to determine the Claims on the deficient lifters.

Godfrey, C to account before Hillary 'leini 1726.

n Default forfeit their Offices, caster

the Deficiency of the Suitors paid, 0?erplus reserved for Public tffc.

his, her or their Order or Orders respectively, may assign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Inter ft and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other, which being notified in the Office hereby appointed for entering the said Orders, and an Entry or A'lemorial thereof also made in the Book of Entry of such Orders (which the Officer shall upon Requell, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors or af signs, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner af iign again, and so tot 'ies quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have or hath made such Alignments, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any of the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

: '

XX. And to the End that no Suitor or Suitors of the said Court of Chancery may be delayed in Pay

of any Money due to him, her or them, but that every one may receive his gr her full Demand, ' whensoever he or flic final! apply for the same, in the most easy and expeditious Way; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money and Cash now deposited in the Bank, or that hall at any Time hereafter he paid into or deposited in the Bank, on the Account of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, or any of them, or by Order of the said Court, and all the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties given by this Act, or borrowed thereon, and paid into the Bank, shall be and be accounted and taken to be one Common and General Cash, and shall be promiscuously issued and issuable when and as the Court of Chancery shall direct, for the answering, paying and clearing the Debts and Demands of any of the Suitors of the said Court.

XXI. And whereas it appears by the Reports of the several Mailers directed by the Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor, pursuant to his Majesty's Directions, to inquire into, examine and rate the Claims and Demands of the Suitors of the said Court upon the said Offices, wherein the Deficiency happened, ' that there are several Claims both of Principal and Interest upon the Offices of the said Fleetwood Dormer and John Barrett, deceased, and of the said Richard Godfrey and Edward. Comvay, not determined by the said Mailers, but submitted to the Determination of the Court; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the High Court of Chancery shall with all convenient Speed in the moll compendious and summary Way determine such Claims, and cause to be done therein what is eauitable and just.

XXII. And to the End that the Accounts of the said Richara Godfrey, Edward Conway and William Kinaflon, three of the present Mailers of the said Court, who now appear to be deficient, may be closed

that they may be the more effectually obliged to pay in their respective Deficiencies; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Richard Godfrey, Edward Comvay and William Kinaflon, shall, on or before the first Day of Hillary Term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, make up their Account in such Manner, and before such Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct, of all the Moneys and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, come to their respective Hands or under their respective Care and Direction, and reduce the same to a Balance; and the Balance of Cash then in their respective Hands shall, on or before the last Day of the same Term, be by them respectively paid into the Bank of England, for the Benefit of the Suitors; and the Balance of the other effects of the Suitors shall, on or before the said last Day of the said Term, be by them respectively assigned, transferred, disposed or applied for the Benefit of the Suitors, as the Court of Chancery shall direct (for which Direction such Mailer shall apply to the said Court, within a convenient Time before the said last Day of the same Term) and if any of the said three Mailers shall neglect or refuse to make up such Account, or pay in, or dispose of such Balance in such Manner as aforesaid, that then he or they so neglecting or refilling to comply with any of the said Particulars, shall forfeit and lose his or their Place of Mailer in Chancery, and such Place or Places shall be void, as if he or they were naturally dead; and the High Court of Chancery shall also in such Case Hate and ascertain, or cause to be Hated and ascertained the respective Balance due from such Mailers respectively, to the Suitors of the said Court, as well the Balance of Calli remaining in such mailer's Hands, as also the Balance of the other effects of the Suitors, not answered by such Adafler, and value or cause to be valued the said Balance of the said other Effects, and reduce both those Balances into one total Sum; and whatever Balance or total Sum shall be found due from, or unanswered by such Mailer, shall be a Charge and Debt on such Mailer respectively, to the King's ma jessy, his Heirs and Successors, for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court; And for the better and more effectual Recovery of the same, for the Benefit of the Suitors, the Register of the said Court of Chancery, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, by the Direction of the said Court, certify such Balance or total Sum to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon Parchment, without any Stamp thereon, to be filed or deposited in the Court of Exchequer, amongst the Records of the said Court, as the said Barons shall diredi; and the Sum total or Balance contained in such Certificate, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a Debt from such Mailer to ihe King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the same Nature, Kind, Quality, Force and Effect, as Writings Obligatory, taken and acknowledged according to the Statute staple at Westminster; and there shall be the like Process and Execution thereon, as by the Statute made in the three and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth is provided for the Recovery of Debts due by Obligation to the King; and all and every Sum or Sums of Money that shall be recovered thereon, shall be paid into the Bank of Englandwithout See or Reward, and be made Part of the said general and common Calli, and as such shall be from thence issued for the Use and Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That when and so soon as the Deficiency of the Suitors Ivloney intended to be answered and paid out of the Fund established by this Act, and also all Alonies lent on the Credit of this Act, shall have been fully paid and flitisfied, then and from thenceforth all the Surplus Moneys which shall have been raised out of the said Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, hereby given and granted, over and beyond what shall be sufficient for answering such Deficiency and Moneys lent, shall be reserved for the Benefit of the Public, and shall not be applied to any other

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C. 33. 603

Use or Uses than such as shall be hereafter directed by Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And in Order to a full Discovery of the Estates and Effects of the said three deficient Makers of the said Court of Chancery, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said three Masters, who on the said lad: Day of Hillary Term one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, ball be deficient in bringing into or before the Bank of England, the Balance of what is due from him or them to the Suitors of the said Court, shall, before the first Day of Rafter Term one thousand seven hundred and twenty fi ven, be examined upon Oath, upon such interrogatories touching all and singular his and their Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and Personal Estate whatsoever, and such other Things as may tend to disclose his and their Estate. or any secret Grants, Conveyances or Disposition of his and their Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, Debts and Personal Estate, as the Court of Chancery hall think meet; and in case any of the said three Masters who dial 1 he deficient at the Time aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend and be examined upon Oath, in Order for such Discovery, or shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, Omission or Falfuy in any Examination had, in Purfunnce of this Act; then or in any of such Cases, every of them the said Matters so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fuft er Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy, and shall forfeit to the King, his Heirs and Successors, for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, being known, supposed or suspected to have or detain any Part of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Personal Estate of any of the said deficient Masters, or to be able to give any Information or Evidence concerning the same, or to be indebted to or for the Benefit of any of them, shall, after lawful Summons to appear before one or more of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, to be examined concerning any the Real or Personal Estate or Effects of the said deficient Masters, or any of them, or any Matter or Thing concerning the same, neglect or refuse to come before such Master or Masters at the Time appointed in such Summons, having no lawful Impediment, such as shall be allowed by the said Master or Masters, and which shall be then signified and made known to the said Master or Masters, or shall refuse to be sworn or to make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered to him or them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Summons and Examination upon Oath, upon interrogatories to be administered to every such Person or Persons, all and every the Mailers of the Court of Chancery are and is hereby authorised and required to ittiie, take and administer; and in the said respective Cases it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to issue their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend any Person so neglecting or refilling to appear as aforesaid, and to commit to the pri fori of the Fleet all and every such Person and Persons as shall so refuse to be fivorn, or make Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as the said Person so refitting to be sworn or examined shall submit him or herself to be examined, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXVI. And for the more effectual Discovery of the Estates and Effects of such deficient Masters of the said Court as aforesaid, and every of them, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, or shall conceal or protect any Estate, Real or Personal, of or for any of such deficient Masters as aforesaid, and shall not before the twenty-fourth Day of; 5wone thousand seven hundred and twenty seven truly discover and disclose such Trust and Estate in Writing to the Lord High Chancellor, Lo d Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall forfeit treble the Value of the Estate, Real or Personal, so concealed; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tveftminjhr, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall he allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; in which Cases Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff as in other Cases, and shall fuller imprisor.meiu for the Space of one whole Year without Bail or Mainprize.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven voluntarily come before one of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery for the Time being, and make a true Discovery in Writing upon Oath of any Part of the Estate, Real or Personal, of any such deficient Masters as aforesaid, which shall have been concealed, and not inserted and discovered in and by his Examination, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, being in any Part beyond the Seas; and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, remaining within this Kingdom; to be paid and allowed to such Person or Persons out of the aid Estate and Effects, or otherwise to be recovered by Action of Debt to be brought upon this Act against the Person whole Estate and Effects shall be so discovered.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattles, Debts, Sums of Money and Personal Estate what feever of any of such deficient Masters as aforesaid, which shall be forfeited and recovered by Virtue of this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of England without Fee or Reward, and be made Part of the general and common Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and as such shall be from thence issued and issuable for the Use and Benefit of the said Suitors.

XXIX. And whereas it appears by the Report of Robert Halford, Esquire, one of the Matters of the High Court of Chancery, dated the sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, That Edward Gmtvaj, Esquire, is deficient in his Accounts of the Money and Effects of the Suitors in

Masters rot bringing u 'o the Hark the Ea. L ntc of tl.iir Account?,

guilty of Fclcnv, &c.

Persons defining any of their Lands, &c. and refuting to appear on Summons, to be committed to the Fleet.

Concealers forfeit treble the Value.

premium for discovering any of the deficient Mailers Ertates#

All Lands of the deficient Masteri to be paid into the Bank

cls«ire in Favour of Margaitt Conwfiv,

A.D. LJ2$»

604 C 34.

farther

tc'o. 2, C

rco. 2, C: Geo. 2. C

Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis.

the Sum of twenty thousand five hundred fifty-three Pounds four Shillings and threepence halfpenny;

whereas the said Edward Conway was seized of an Estateof five hundred Pounds per Annum, and up wards, as appears by the said Report, out of which Margaret, Wife of the said Edward Conway, was en

to her Dower; but in order to make good the said Deficiency, the said Margaret joined in a Fine

and Recovery for the Sale of the said Efhtte, which will raise near fourteen thousand Pounds, and thereby has deprived herself of any Subsistence, in case of Disability or Death of the said Edward conwayto the End therefore that the said Margaret Conway, in Consideration of her giving up her Dower, may have a reasonable Competency to subsist herself and Family, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of two thousand Pounds, out of the Money arising by the Sale of the said Estate, shall be allowed and paid to Philip Gilbert and Henry Gilbert of London, Gentlemen, in Trust and for the foie and separate Use of the said Margaret Convjay, notwithstanding her Coverture, and their Receipt for the same shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, by such Personas is or shall be appointed by the High Court of Chancery to sell and dispose of the said Estate; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

35.

CAP. XXXIV.

IS & 19. 1 W. & M. Hat. 1. r. 32. 7 & 8 W.

II. the Provisons in this Act are extended by 21

For forma laws An act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, concerning Wool, and for better Payment of their Wages.

C refer to J C

z$f.d. 1. C 7. 34 Ed, 1. sat, 4. C 3. 1 % Ed. 3. sat. 2. C 3.. 31 Ed. 3. far. 1. C 2. 34 Ed. 3. C 19. 36 Ed. 3. C it. 8 IT. 6. C 22. 23 IT. 8*

C 17. 2 If 3 P. © M. C 13. 39 EL C 14. 7 jac. 1. C 7. 12 Car. 2. C 32. 33 ©'*14 Car. 2. 1

3. C 28. 9.© 10 W, 3* C 40. 10 © 11 IV 3.. C 10. 3 Geo. 1. c. 21. 4 Geo. z, C IX 5 Geo. 1,

Geo. z, C 27. fest, 12. and enforced by 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. Which is amended by 3.0 Geo. 2. c. 12.

WHEREAS great Numbers of Weavers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in several Towns and Parishes in this Kingdom, have lately formed themselves into unlawful Clubs and Societies, and have presumed, contrary to Law, to enter into Combinations, and to make Bylaws or, V Orders, by which they pretend to regulate the Trade and the Prices of their Goods, and to advance their Wages unreasonably, and many other Things to the like Purpose: whereas the said Persons so unlaw fully assembling and associating themselves have committed great Violences and Outrages upon many of his Majesty's good Subjects, and by Force protected themselves and their wicked Accomplices against Law ' and Justice; and it is absolutely necessary that more effectual Provision should be made against such unlaw full Combinations, and for preventing such Violences and Outrages for the future, and for bringing all Of

fenders in the Premises to more speedy and exemplary Justice May it therefore please your moult Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and' Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, and all Bylaws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders, in such unlawful Clubs and Societies, heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Persons brought up in or professing, using or exercising the Art and Mystery of a Woolcomber or Weaver, or Journeyman Woolcomber or Journeyman. Weaver, in any parish or Place within this Kingdom, for regulating the said Trade or Mystery, or for regulating or settling the Prices of Goods, or for advancing their Wages, or for lessening their ufu a! Hours of Work, filial] be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void to all Intents and Purposes; fur there, that if any Woolcombet or Weaver, or Journeyman Woolcomber or Journeyman Weaver, or other Person concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures, of this Kingdom shall, at any Time or Times after the twenty-fourth. Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, keep up, continue, zin, make, enter into, sign, sea], or be knowingly concerned in any Contract, Covenant or Agreement, Bylaw, Ordinance, Rule or Order of any Club, Society or Combination by this Act declared to be illegal, null and void, or ball presume or attempt to put any such illegal Agreement, Bylaw, Ordinance, Rule or Order in Execution, every Person so offending being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, upon any Information exhibited or Prosecution within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed (which Oaths the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall, by Order of such Justices, at their Discretion be committed either to the House of Correction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, or to the common Gaol of the County, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, as they shall see Cause, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

il. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person acfttally retained or employed as a Woolcomber or Weaver, or Servant in the Art or Mystery of a Woolcomber or Weaver shall, at any Time or Times after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, depart from his Service before the End of the Time or Term for which he is or shall be hired or retained, or shall quit or return his Work before the same final 1 be finished according to Agreement, unless it be for some reasonable orsufficient Cause, to be allowed by two or more Justices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions; in every such Case every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before two or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, ball be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months; and if any Woolcomber, Weaver, Servant or Person hired, retained or employed in the Art or Mystery of a Woolcomber or Weaver shall wilfully damnify, spoil or destroy (without the Consent of the Owner) any of the Goods, Wares or Work committed to his Care or Charge, or wherewith he shall be entrusted, every such Offenders

Combinations of Wool combers and Weaveis illegal.

Woolcombers, " See. convicted of keeping up such Combinations, may' be ro emitted for 3 Month?.

Quitting Service, before the Time for v.such hired, to be committed.

Spoiling the Work, to pay dcuble the Value, fez.

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C 34. 605

fender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Wares so damnified, spoiled or destroyed, double the Value thereof, to be levied by Oiflrcfs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and for want of sufficient Distress, such Justices shall commit the Party or Parties offending to the House of Correction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Satisfaction be made to the Party or Parties aggrieved for the same.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clothier, Sergemaker or Woollen or Wor Clothion, C fled Stuffmaker, or Person concerned in making any Woollen Clothes, Serges or Stuffs, or any wise con pjy W "E corned in employing Woolcombers, Weavers or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactury, Hull, and g [|)°e"tprov; .' they are hereby obliged and required to pay unto all Per soil s by them employed in the Woollen Mann fl0nt rc]jt; nc t. the full Wages or other Price agreed on in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, and shall not fjili wa*e», pay the said Wages or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, in Goods or by way of Truck, or in 13 C to

any other Manner than in Money as aforesaid, or make, any Deduction from such Wages or Price for or on j3 1 5.

Account of any Goods sold or delivered previous to such Agreement by any Person or Persons whatsoever; '

and for more easy recovering the said Wages or Price agreed on, it shall be lawful for any two or more Justi Justices on com ces of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Ic Complaint made for that Purpose, to summon before them the Party or i'artics offending, and for non pay '^irr?y"'rnent of such Wages or Price agreed on in Money as aforesaid, or sufficient Satisfaction given for the same '

to the good liking of the Party or Parties aggrieved, to issue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals for levying such Wages or Price agreed on, due as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus to the Owner, and for want of sufficient Distress to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the County, City, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months, or until he, she or they shall pay such Wages or Price agreed on in Money as aforesaid, or give full satis ..faction for the same to the good liking of the Party grieved.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clothier, Sergemaker, Woollen cio hiers payir.? or Worsted Stuffmaker, or Person concerned in making any Woollen Clothes, Serges or Stuffs, or any waj«incoods, ways concerned in employing Woolcombers, Weavers or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufacture, as c toricit 101. aforesaid, shall pay any Person or Persons employed by them their Wages or other Price agreed on, or any

Part thereof, either in Goods or by way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every Person so offending shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties aggrieved, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus if any be) to the Owner.

V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person aggrieved by any Order or Orders Appeal to the to be made by any two or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace af quarttt sef sembled at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, City, Division, Parish or Place fions' where such Order shall be made, giving reasonable Notice of such Appeal, the Reasonableness of which

Notice shall be determined by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions to which the Appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them, that reasonable Time of Notice was not given, then they shall adjourn the said Appeal to the next Quarter sessions, and then and there finally hear and determine the same; and the Justices who in the General Quarter sessions shall hear the Matter, shall have Power to award reasonable costs to either Party, as to them shall seem just.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the twenty assaulting or fourth Day of "June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, assault or abuse thicatning Mi

any Mailer Woolcomber or Mailer Weaver, or other Person concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures J, ers* c fe' of this Kingdom, whereby any such Master, or other Person shall receive any bodily Hurt, for not comply oni' ingwith, or not conforming, or not fubrrutting to any such illegal By Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders aforesaid; if any Person or Persons shall write or cause to be written, or knowingly send or cause to be f£nt, any Letter, or other Writing or Message, threatening any Hurt or Harm to any such Mailer wool cumber or Mailer Weaver, or other Person concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, or threatening to burn, pull down or destroy any of their Houses or Outhouses, or to cut down or destroy any of their Trees, or to maim or kill any of their Cattle, for not complying with any Demands, Claims or Pretences of any of his or their Workmen, or others employed by them in the said Manufacture, or for not conforming or not submitting to any such illegal Bylaws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders as aforesaid; Person so knowingly and wilfully offending in the prerr.iffcs, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment, to be found within twelve Calendar Months next after any such Offence committed, ball be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years to some or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner and under such Pains and Penalties, as Felons in other Cases are by Law to be transported.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day Breakioginto a or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut Shop to cut any or destroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any Tools employed in the making thereof. Serges, C fw or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom or on the cny'

Rack, or shall burn, cut or destroy any Rack on which any such Serges or other Woollen Goods are banged

in order to dry, or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools used in the making any such Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the consent of the Owner so to do, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Anno duodecimo Geori

11 Regis. A.D. 1725.

This Act to extend to Combers and framework Knitters.

See fart bet' pro njifio/is concerning tfoouen. alanu fasiures, t3 Geo. 1.. 23.

5 Geo. 2. - C 21. 5 1 Geo. 2. c. 2l. 23 Geo. a. C 27.

7 Edw. C 4,

T9Hen, 7. C 7,

Brick "Earth or Breeze may be made use of,

3 Geo 2, C 22. left. 2, 3.

Searchers are to be appointed by the Justices, C 2 Geo. 2. c. 1 C left. 1.

VIII. And whereas the Myfteriss of Combing of Jersey or Wool, and of framework Knitting and Pvdaking of Stockings, are considerable Branches of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, hall extend, and be constructed and adjudged to extend, to Combers of jferfey and Wool, to framework Knitters and Weavers or Makers of Stockings, and to all Persons whatsoever employed or concerned in any of the said Manufactures, in as full and ample Manner as any other Part of the Woollen Manufacture is provided for by this Act; and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred by Virtue hereof, shall be inflicted, levied and taken in the same Manner, as the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures before mentioned in this Act are directed, ordered and appointed.

25 Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Geo. 2. c. 8 & 11. 29 Geo. 2. r. 33. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to prevent Abuses in making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers or Tilemakers within fifteen Miles of the City of London in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles.

I. \ % WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King Edward the Fourth, entitled, The Preparation of Earth for making of Tile, diverse good Provisions and Directions were made for the good and sufficient making of Plain tiles, Roof tiles and Gutter tiles: And whereas her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, by her Letters Patent or Charter under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the third Day of August which was in the tenth Year of her Reign, did for herself and her Successors grant unto the Persons therein named, and all other Freemen of the Mystery or Art of Tilers and Bricklayers of London, and the Suburbs thereof, to be one Body Corporate, by the Name of the Mailer and Keepers or Wardens of the Society of Freemen of the Mystery and Art of Tilers and Bricklayers, and by that Name to have perpetual Succession, and amongst other Matters and Things in the said Charter mentioned, gave to the said Company the Search, Correction and Government of Persons using the said Mystery or Art, and of all other Things and blatters whatsoever to the said Mystery or Art any Ways belonging or appertaining, as well within the said City of London and Liberties and Suburbs thereof, as within any Place or Places within fifteen Miles of the said City: And whereas several Orders and Ordinances have been made by the said Master and Wardens of the said Society, for. 4 searching, viewing and making good Bricks and Tiles, which have been confirmed, pursuant to an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his late Majesty King Henry the Seventh, entitled, For making Stattites by Bodies incorporate. And whereas, notwithstanding the before mentioned Act of p arliament, Orders and Ordinances, several Persons, especially within the Compass of fifteen Miles of the City of London, dig the Clay or Earth for making of Bricks at unseasonable Times in the Year and continue to make Bricks of bad Stuff and unfizeable Dimensions, and do not well burn the same; and in making thereof mix great Quantities of Soil called Spanish, and in burning thereof use small Allies and Cynders commonly called Breeze, instead of Coals, and burn the Bricks commonly called Grey stock Bricks in Clamps, and the Bricks commonly called Place bricks in the same Clamps, on the Outside of the said grey stock Bricks, by Means whereof great Part of the Bricks now usually made are so hollow and unfound, that they will scarce bear their own Weight: And whereas there is at present no Provision made by any Law for the Di 4 mentions of Bricks to be made and used in Buildings, or for the Lengths, Breadths and Thicknesses of Pan tiles, which are but a late Invention in England, 'May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that for the common Good and Benefit of your majesty's Subjects, and the Duration of Buildings, and the better afeer taining the Times of digging the Earth, and the Manner of making and burning Bricks and Pantiles hereafter to be made for Sale, and the Lengths, Breadths and Thicknesses of such Bricks and Pantiles, That it may be enacted, GY.

EXP.

All Earth for making Bricks for Sale, shall be dug and turned between the first of November and the first of February, and no Part shall be made into Bricks till after the first of March, and no Bricks shall be made for Sale but between the first of March and the twenty-ninth of September, and no Spanish shall be mixed with Brick Earth, nor any Breeze used in the burning; and all Bricks shall be burnt in Kilns, or in distinct Clamps, the place bricks by themselves and the Stock bricks by themselves; Place Bricks shall be not less than nine Inches long, and two Inches and an Half thick, and four Inches and a Quarter wide; and Stock bricks shall be of the same Dimensions as to the Lengths and Breadths, and one eighth of an Inch thicker; and Pantiles shall be not less than thirteen Inches and an Half long, and nine Inches and an Half wide, and Half an Inch thick. Master and Wardens of the Tilers and Bricklayers Company may search. Master and Wardens may summon the Makers before them, and fine Offenders. Justices may nominate Persons to search in other Places. Who are to make their Presentments twice in the Year. Master and Wardens, £ffc. to search twice in the Year the making of all Tiles, GY. and the Justices in all other Places. contracts for ingrossing Bricks or Tiles, GY. illegal." [Determined and EXP. z Geo. 2. c. 15. see. y.j

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames from the Town of Fulham in the County of middle sexto the Town of Putney in the County of Surrey.

PR.

Commissioners appointed to lay out the Bridge, and the Ways thereto, GY. Burning or destroying the Bridge, Felony. His Majesty may incorporate the Commissioners. A Pontage to be paid for every Coach,

3 GY.

A.D. 1725. Anno duodecimo Georgii Regis. C 37, 38. 607

lie. drawn by six Horses, 2 s. drawn by four Horses, 1 j. 6 d. drawn by less tlun four Horses, 1 s. For every Wagon, bfc. drawn by four Horses, 1 s. 6 d. and by less than four Horses, 1 s. For every Horse, fs'c. not drawing, 2 d. For every Foot Passenger on Sundays 1 d. and on every other Day one halfpenny.

For Oxen or neat Cattle 1 z d. per Score. For Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs 6 d. per Scoie. The Pontage vested in the Trustees. Money borrowed, or raised by the Duties, to be app ied to the Bridge. Accounts, itc. to be delivered into Parliament once a Year. Money may be borrowed at 5 /. per Coil, or Annuities sold for Lives or 21 Years, payable out of the Tolls. If Annuities exceed i; oo/. per Annum,

Corporation to forfeit double the Value of the Sum advanced exceeding that Sum. If the Bridge be damaged, Corporation may credt a Ferry, to continue till the Bridge be repaired. Satisfaction to be paid before the Bridge shall be creeled. If no Application for Damages before 24 June iji 1, Commissioners may proceed. Bishops of London to have free Passage over the Bridge, (Jc. On Death or Refusal to act, of to elect new ones. No Commissioner to have any Place of Profit arising by the 'Foils. Not to prejudice the Jurisdiction of the Mayor, iac. of London.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for repairing the Roads in the Pari (lies of Kenjittglon, Chelsea and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

WHEREAS the several Roads leading from Counters Bridge in the Parish of Kensington, to the Stones End near Piccadilly, and from Fulham Ferry to Knight sbridge, and from Chelsea Ferry to the Stones End at Jcimes sireet, Westminster., and from the Town of Kensington to Chefca Church, from North end',

joining to the Hammersmith Road, to ivanfdown Green, and from Hydc park Corner, down to the lower Road from Chelsea to fvistminster, are become so ruinous, lsc.

"The Toll granted by this AI, took Place the ill of June xyz6, and from thence to continue for the Term "of 21 Years." P R. [Continued and enlarged 6 Geo. 2. c. 15. and 14 Geo. 2. c. 16.j

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making the River Dun in the West riding in the County of York navigable, from Hoimjlile in Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Tlnjley, Westward, a Township within two Miles of Sheffield.

PR.

The Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire empowered to make the River Dun navigable: Making Satisfaction Explained and for Damages. Commissioners appointed, to determine Differences between the Undertakers and others, emended by Undertakers to meddle with no Land, C till Payment, or Tender. Commissioners may fine Persons sum G. 2. 09. moned on juries, or to give Evidence. None to sit as a Commissioner, unless seized in an Estate of 100 /. per rtndfee farther, Annum, jurymen not to be interested. Damages by Default of the Undertakers, to be settled by a Jury.

Not to erect a new Dam, C near holmfule, or above Doncaster, Lie. To make but one Cut between Aldwark and Thribergh Mill dams. Not to take the Water out of Dun, by a Cut nearer to Kilnhnrft Forge, than out of Thribergh Dam, C Wears for Forges let out of Repair, Undertakers may erect others, is" C Undertakers to make a good Road at Tlnjley. Undertakers to take 1 CL for every Tonne of Goods carried through Tlnjley upon the River, above the Lock Duties, inhabitants still to perform their Days Works.

Rates and Duties of Tonnage shall be such as the Company of Cutlers shall think fit, not exceeding 2 s. ( d. for every Fodder of Lead or Lead Ore, or 3 s. for every customary Tonne of Iron, Steel, Horns, Hoofs, Bones,

Box Wood; or 3 1. 6 d. for every Tonne of Deals, Boards or Timber of foreign Growth, Cheese, Salt,

Corn, Cutlery Wares, Iron Wares, Groceries or other Merchandizes; or 6 d. for every Tonne of Lime or Limestone brought up the River to Rotherham or above Aldwark Wash; 9d. for every Tonne of Lime or Limestone brought up to Tlnjley; or 3 d. for every Tonne of Lime or Limestone carried up or down the River to Doncaster Wall, or any other Place between Aldwark Wash and Doncaster; or for every Tonne of Coals,

Stone, Iron, Sough, Mettle, Wood and Timber which shall be carried from the Head of the Navigation, or any Part of the Lordship of Tlnjley down to Hoimjlile or Doncaster, or from Doncaster or holmjliu up to Tin jley (except Wood and L imber of English Growth, for which only 1 s. 6 d. per Don is to be paid, and from Rotherham ro Hoimjlile no more than 1 s. per Tonne) not exceeding 2 s. 6 d. and from Rotherham not exceeding 2 s. or on any Part between Rotherham and Kilnburst Works, and from thence to Denaby, Mexburgh and Cuningsbrough, not exceeding 1 1. 6 d. or on any Part between Cuningsbrough and Hoimjlile not exceeding 1 s. Managers of Boats to give just Accounts of their Goods. On Death or Refusal to at, Commissioners to eleift new ones. Undertakers may setup Winches or other Engines to tow up Vessels: To maintain Gates, C in the Towing paths, and Bridges over the new Cuts. All Meetings of the Commissioners to be within six Miles of the Matter in Question. Masters of Boats answerable for their Boatmen. owner's Name to be seton the Outside of every Veiled. Owners of Thribergh Forge, isc. may appoint one to prevent leaving open the Locks, to be paid by the Undertakers. A free Navigation from Hoimjlile to Tlnjley Westward, paying the Duties. Owners of Lands may use Pleasure boats on the River. River Dun not under the Survey of the Commissioners of Sewers. Locks to be opened on Demand for free Passage. Undertakers may borrow Money on the Duties. Lords of Manors, or Owners of Ground, may build ware houses, isc. on their own Lands. Not to make any Cut out of Doncaster Corn mill Dam, between that and Holniftile.

6o8

- I. C

J tjco. 7. C 24, a private Act.

C 39. annctduodecimo Georgii Regis. A.D. 1725.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for making Provision for the Rector of Saint Mary le Strand in the County of Middlesex, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

2500l. allotted for the Maintenance of the Redder of St. 'Mary le Strand. Treasurer to lay out that Sum as the Commissioners shall appoint. 125l. yearly to be raised or the Inhabitants. Vestry to make the assessment, ks'e. To be confirmed by two Justices. To be paid to the Rector quarterly. Justices to settle Complaints. Unoccupied Houses to be paid for bythe next Tenants. Churchwardens to make two Transcripts of the assessmentsj Lfc. Yearly Pound rate, and the Produce of 1500l. to be the annual Maintenance of the Reddor. Reddory not to be held in Commendam. House built for the Redbor out of the Parish, to be deemed Part of the Parish. Parish clerk of St. Mary le Strand, a Member of the Company of Parish clerks.

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magna; Britannia?, Franciae & Hibernia;, decimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the ninth Day of October, Anno Domini one thou t J nd seven hundred and twenty-two, in the ninth Year of the Reign, of our Sovereign Lord t GEORGE, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, t Or. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the seventeenth Day of January one thousand, seven hundred and twenty six; being the fifth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty seven. EXP. 4 s. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for redeeming sundry Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and the aninii lies payable on Handing Orders for Army debentures, by the Produce of the sinking Fund, for applying to the same Fund the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the Plead of the Bankers Debt, and making Provision for future Claims on the same Debt, and for applying the Lottery tickets, Anno one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, which were returned into the Exchequer, to the discharging the Handing Orders made out for the Sufferers at Neils and St. Chnjlopbers, as far as the same will extend.

MOST gracious Sovereign; Whereas by or in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the third

IV. JL Year of your majesty's Reign, entitled, An let for redeeming the Duties and Revenues, which were

settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on the four Lottery Acts passed in the ninth and tenth Years of her late A'lajesty's Reign, and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the bcrc t ditary Excise, according to a former aci in that Behalf, and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Bay meat of Annuities at several Rates to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament., but also to raft Moneys for such Proprietors of the said Orders, as shall chase to be paid their Principal and Arrears of I litre eft in ready Afoncy, and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act are mentioned, and for taking off the Duties on Linjied imported, and British Linen exported, several Annuities or yearly Sums after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to the sum of one hundred and two thousand thirty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and twopence per An 4 man, or thereabouts, were made payable by the Cashierof the Bank of England for the Time being, for several Principal Sums, amounting together to two millions five hundred and fifty thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, for Moneys contributed by Tallies of Sol,

and contained in Army debentures, certified on or before the one and twentieth Day of March out thousand seven hundred and nineteen, and were by Virtue or in Pursuance of the same Act made payable out of a certain yearly Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six shillings and ten Pence one Fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, commonly called the General Fund, established by the same Act; and by or in Pursuance or another Act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of h.d ward Clent, Esq Executor of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Clent, f or an Army debenture lojl in the Pay office, one or more Annuity or Annuities amounting to twenty-three Pounds eight Shillings and threepence Farthing per Annum, or thereabouts, after the Rate of four Pounds percen turn per Annum, became payable by the said Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time beipg, out of the said General Fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings

4 ' and

Anno decimo leitio Georgii Rcpi

is.

C

A.D. 1726.

rrd ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the principal

Pounds fevni Shillings and one Penny, stated to be due on a lost Dchcnui __________ I

all whic'.i_before mentioned Annuities were made payable until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, ujioi Inch Notice or Notices, as by the i'ev.ral Acts of Parliament lel.uirg to the salt] several Anmiitic:, are for that Purpose required; and by or in Pursuance of another Act of Parliament made in the fiit.li Year of your 5 Geo.

majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for applying cverplus Moneys, and further Sums h he mi fed Vs tvell f

-/*, J - i 4-..., T J D _ j. .'_- L / //________ } 'i'll I ri V, 1. r

609

Sum of five hundred righty fice re, mentioned in the same Act;

out of a yearly Fund of twenty thousand Pounds thereby charged (amongst other Things) upon the Duties

and Revenues thereby denominated the Aggregate Fund, (abject never'.hclcfs to u Proviso of Redcinpti m < upon such Notice and Payments, as by the Act last mentioned are prescribed; and whereas hv a susbequent

at of Parliament of the sixth Year of your majesty's Reign, for enabling the louth sea Company to in 6g; o. 1. C 4, ' crcafe their Capital Stock and Fund, It was provided amongst other Things, that the said several Annui ties before mentioned might be taken into the Capital Stock and Fund of the south-sea Company, and in Pursuance thereof great Parts of the said several Annuities were accordingly subscribed into the said Capital

Stock and Fund of the said south-sea Company; and whereas there ft ll remains of the find f.veral Annui 6 ties unsubscribed into the Capital Stock of the said Company the levelal Annuities following, that it to f.y,

the yearly Sum of seven thousand nine hundred fifty-eight Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence thee Far ' things, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in Respect of the unfubfenb. d ' Principal Sum of one hundred ninety-eight thousand nine hundred fifty-eight Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, for the before mentioned Tallies of Sol, the yearly Sum of fifteen thousand seven hundred twenty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Cen

turn per Annum, for or in Respedlof the unsubscribed Principal Sum of three hundred ninety three thousand one hundred ninety four Pounds fourteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for the before mentioned Army debentures; and the yearly Sum of two thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds, being aster the like Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in Ilefpedt of the Principal Sum of fifty-eight thousand three hundred Pounds, remaining unsubscribed of the said Lottery Fund of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign; all which unsubscribed Principal Sums amount together to the Sum of six hundred and fifty thousand four hundred and fifty-three Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny; the several Annuities attending thereon amount together to the yearly Sum of twenty six thousand and eighteen Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, and are payable by the Cashier of the Rank of England: And whereas, e by or in Pursuance of sundry subsequent Acts of Parliament, for taking and fluting the Accounts and Debts

of the Army, several landing Orders have been or may be made out for Payment at your majesty's Exchequer, of sundry Annuities, amounting together to the yearly Sum of twenty-one thousand nine hundred e and fifty seven Pounds eleven Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in Respect of several Principal Sums, amounting together to five hundred forty eight thousand nine hundred thirty-nine Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence Farthing, contained in army e Debentures, for Debts certified since the twenty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine teen; which last mentioned Annuities are also charged on the said General Fund of seven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, and are made payable until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, upon such Notice or Mo ' ticcs, as in or by the several Acts of Parliament relating thereto are for that Purpose required; and where e as all the before mentioned unsubscribed Principal Sums transferable at the Bank of England, and the several Principal Sums contained in the said Exchequer orders, amount together to the Principal Sum of one mil

one hundred and ninety-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-two Pounds fifteen Shillings and two Pence three Farthings, and the several Annuities attending thereon amount together to the yearly Sum of forty seven thousand nine hundred seventy five Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence Farthing; and

whereas your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Great Britain in Parliament ailem hied, being determined that the said several before mentioned Annuities should be redeemed in order to e lessen the Public Debts and Encumbrances, and the necessary Charges relating thereto, as fall as may be

e confident with Justice and Honour, did on the seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and no ke by the twenty six, order their Speaker to signify in Writing their several Resolutions to redeem the said several Ans, caker on nuities; therefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain u; recht in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by deerning the se" the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo Annuities, C ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Orders and Significations as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed, adjudged and taken to be good and sufficient Notice or Notices within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts of Parliament for the Redemption of the said several Annuities, and the same shall be redeemable accordingly; anything in the farhe, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. A, nd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as are or shall From lady lay be in the Receipt of Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking 17^7, Fund, arisen ortoarife at or from thefeaft of the Annunciation of theblefled Virgin Mary in the Year of our j Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven (after Fayment of, or reserving sufficient to pay such Motos sj Lr nies as have been before directed by the Authority of Parliament to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Ex, paying of cedes or Cverplus Moneys) there shall be htiied, paid and applied at the find Feast 1 ay, and afterwards, these Annuhin. from Time to Time, as the same shall arise, at the End of every six Months, on which the Accounts thereof

io C

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

are directed by Parliament to be made up, or oftener if the same can be conveniently done, anyfium or Sums of Money not exceeding in tyre whole the Sum of one million one hundred ninety-nine thousand three hundred ninety tw Pounds fifteen Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for or towards the paying off or discharging the said several Principal Sums so as aforesaid amounting together to the like Sum of one million one hundred ninety-nine thousand three hundred ninety-two Pounds fifteen Shillings and twopence three Farthings, in such Manner, Order and Degree, as is herein after mentioned, that is to say, the Sum of one hundred ninety-eight thousand nine hundred fifty-eight Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, Part thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the like Principal Sum remaining unsubscribed into the Capital Stock of the South Sect Company, of the Joint stock attended with Annuities as aforesaid, for the before mentioned Tallies of Sol, the Sum of three hundred ninety three thousand one hundred ninety four Pounds fourteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, other Part thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the like Principal Sum remaining unsubscribed into the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, of the Joint stock attended with Annuities as aforesaid, for the before mentioned Army debentures, certified before the one and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, the Sum of fifty-eight thousand three hundred Pounds, other Part thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the like Principal Sum, remaining unsubscribed into the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, of the jc.int stock attended with Annuities as aforesaid, for the said Lottery, in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the Sum of five hundred forty-eight thousand nine hundred thirty-nine Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence Farthing, Residue thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the several Principal Sums contained, in the Handing Orders made or to be made out at the Exchequer, for Army debentures, certified since the twenty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Principal Sums as are transferrable at the Bank of England, Avail be paid in entire Payments, to the Cashier of the said Bank, for the Use of the several Proprietors thereof, by way of Impress, and upon Account, to be by him paid over as soon after as conveniently may be, to the several Persons entitled to receive the same; and that such of the said Principal Sums as are contained in the said Handing Orders, made or to be made out at the Exchequer, shall be paid off in such numerical Order, Course and progreaion as the said several Orders do or firall Hand upon the regiher thereof, kept at the Exchequer, beginning with n3 1. and soon progressively, until all of them shall be paid off and discharged, without any undue Drcf rence of any one of them before the other of them, in the like Manner in all Respecfts as is directed in an Act of this present Session of Parlia

13 Geo. 1. c. 1. ment, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, for paying off and discharging the several Orders of Loan directed or authorised to be made forth by Virtue or in Pursuance of the same Act.

IV. Provided always, and hi it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in esse the commiieoners of his Majesty's i reasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, fill all judge it more convenient to redeem or pay off all or any of the before mentioned Joint stocks of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, preferably to the Discharging and Cancelling all or any Part of the Exchequer bills now Handing cut and charged on the said Sinking Fund, then it shall and may be lawful for them, or any three of them, from Time to Time, by and with the Consent of the Contradors for Circulating and Exchanging the same Exchequer bills, and not otherwise, to pohpone or defer the Paying off. Cancelling or Discharging the same Exchequer bills, or any of them, until after the Redemption and Payment of all or any of the said Joint stocks of Annuities, but no further; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Annuities as filinll grow or become due or payable, for or in Respect of the several before mentioned Annuities, until the Redemption thereof by Payment of the said Principal Moneys, in Manner as aforesaid, and all Arrears thereof (if any such hall he) shall be paid, together with the said respective Principal Sums, cut of the respective Funds, on which the same are at present charged or chargeable; and that when, and as any of the said several Principal Sums, shall from Time to Time be paid off, or Money sufficient for that Purpose shall be reserved in the Exchequer, or in the Planets of the said Cashier, payable on Demand, the Annuity attending the same shall from thenceforth be, and is hereby declared folie redeemed, and shall no longer be paid or payable, but shall cease and determine for the Benefit of the Sinking Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which filln] 1 arifr of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys (over and beyond what will satisfy and pay the several Moneys before mentioned, and such other Charges, as have been heretofore made thereon by Authority of Parliament) shall be appropriated, reserved and applied, to and for the further Discharging the Principal and Interestof such National Debts and Encumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be National Debts, and were provided for by act or Acts of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be discharged therewith, or out of the same, and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

Principal transferrable at the Bank, to be paid tu the cahier, in entire Sums. Standing Orders at the Exchequer to be paid in Course.

Treasury may postpone discharging Exchequer bills, till after Re dempiion of the Annuities,

All Annuities due t il Redemption to be paid.

Remainder of the Sinking Fund appropriated for Discharging national Debts incurred before 25 Dec. 3716.

VII. And where

M L 13 w. 3. C 12. I. 15.

s in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign the Third (of Glorious Memory) it was (arhongst other Things)

ty King w1 L LI am

of his late Majei

provided and enacted, that in Lieu and Discharge of certain perpetual annu 1 Payments, and of all Ar ' rears thereof, granted by his late Majesty King Charles the beeond, by Letters Patent out of the Plere ditary Revenue of Excise, in Satisfaction of certain Principal Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patent,

to be then due from his said late Majesty to the respective Patentees therein named, the said Hereditary Revenue of Excise should, from and after the twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, be and Hand charged and chargeable for ever with the Payment of annual Sums, after the Rate

of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Principal Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patent, lo be issued and paid out of the said Revenue by quarterly Payments out of the Receipt of thetvr.kc.vn, by

4 ' the

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C 3. On

the Officers of the same, unto the respective Owners and Proprietors of the find Annual Sums, and to their Heirs and Assigns for ever, without any Fee or Charge, the said annual Payments after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be subject nevertheless to be redeemed upon Payment of a Moiety of the Principal Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patent; and whereas the Whole of all the Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patent, and which are commonly called the Bankers Debt, did amount to one million three hundred and twenty-eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds, and the Moiety thereof, for which the said annual Sums were redeemable, did amount to six hundred fixey four thousand two hundred and sixty three Pounds, and the said Moieties were by the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign (for Redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Geo. i. C 7.

Principal and interest on the Orders made forth on four Lottery adds) provided for to be subscribed into 4 a Joint stock of Annuities at five Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and transfer rable at the Bank of England; and whereas several of the said Principal Sums mentioned in the said Let ters Patent, by Length of Time or other Accidents, have been forgot or neglected to be claimed by the Proprietors thereof, and probably no Title to them, or several of them, can or will be made out; and whereas there now remains in the Exchequer the Sum often thousand seven hundred and twenty-five Pounds five Shillings and threepence Farthing, which has been referred there for several Years, to n 4 fiver the Annuities due on such unclaimed Debts, from the said twenty sixth Day of December one thou m'and seven hundred and five, to the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seven - which in the mean Time, and until such Titles can be made out, might be employed towards the Discharging the national Debts incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, whereby there would be an annual Saving of the interest thereof: 'Be it therefore en 10.-151. 5 % acted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of ten thousand seven hundred twenty-five Pounds 3 J 1 q thcp.e five Shillings and threepence Farthing, now remaining in the Exchequer, shall and may be ifilied and applied for, and as Part of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, towards the Redemption and Pay sppi; CD fori'.>y ment of all or any of the Joint stocks of Annuities herein before directed to be discharged thereby; any i.ig off ii.c An thing, in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. mdtics.

vili. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai in case at any Time or Times Provision for hereafter, any Person or Persons shall make out a good Title to any of the said unsatisfied principal Sums, utur? to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or the Lord on that De u High Treasurer for the Time being, then or in any such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it fit till and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three of them, or the Lord Kijt Treasurer for the ime being, to compute the Principal and interest that would have been payable thereon, in case the same had been claimed in due Time, and to order and direct the same to be paid and dischargen out of any of the Moneys arisen or to arise at the Exchequer, of or for the several surplusses, Exctefies or Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund, so as the Sum or Sums of Money so to be ordered and directed, do not exceed in the whole the said Sum of ten thousand seven hundred twenty-five Pounds five Shillings and threepence Farthing, herein before directed to be issued and applied as Part of the sinking fund; anything in this or any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

of one hundred and ten thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds, Part of the Supply granted for the Ser acha^ne r 4 vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; but afterwards upon the Drawing of the fi^ndins Oroers said Lottery, the said eleven thousand and ninety three Tickets happened to be entitled in Blanks, and for the sm'.p.to» 4 Benefits, computed altogether, only to the Principal Sum of one hundred and three thousand two hen atj'uv'3p1"

dred and seventy two Pounds and ten Shillings, as their Share or interest in the Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, created by the said Act, by Means whereof there was a Deficiency or Lcfs

of Cacti in the Exchequer, on that Head of Service, of seven thousand six hundred and fifty seven Pounds ten Shillings, which hath since been provided for, as Part of the Sum of one hundred and sixty thou land theee hundred and six Pounds seventeen Shillings and five Pence Farthing, granted in this prefejit Sessions of Parliament, for the Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven 4. hundred and twenty six Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Teller of the Exchequer, into whose Office the said eleven thousand and ninety three Tickets' were returned as aforesaid, hall be, and is hereby discharged of and from the said Deficiency, or Sum of seven thousand six hundred and fifty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, V inch did happen or arise as a Loss thereon, upon the Drawing of the said Lottery, and shall not be any further or longer charged therewith.

X. And whereas the said Lottery tickets so entitled as aforesaid, being applicable to any Part of the Supplies granted in the last Sessions of Parliament, have been accordingly applied towards making good the Deficiencies of the General Fund for the Years ending at Michaclmaj one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and the lame now remains in the Exchequer as Caih, 0: 1 the Head of the Sinking Fund: And whereas, in Pursuance of several Acts,

of Parliament, several, landing Orders at the Exchequer are or mny_bc made out for certain Debenture,

made out by Authority of Parliament, for the Sufferers at ayr/h and Saint Ch ijlsphers, for Payment of9B. C it,

several Principal Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of one hundred and forty-one thousand 10 A

many or me Proprietors of the said ltanoing Ulcers are or may change their said landing Orders, for an equal Share or interest in the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, in case they were enabled to to do, by Means

6 i 2 C 4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

whereof the said one hundred and three thousand two hundred and seventy two Pounds and ten Shillings, The Lottery Part of the same Annuities, may be disposed of without any further Lois or discountbe it therefore Tickvts may be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'i'llat the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or any three or exchanged ter more of them now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall or may cause all the said Lottery tickets, so as aforesaid remaining in j'j10 "r cert! the Exchequer, to be entered for such Certificates as the said Lottery Act has for that Purpose directed, in Annui iej. the Name or Names of such one or more of the Teller or Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, as they shall think fit; and that from and after such Entry or making cut such Certificates, the Share or Interest: which the said Lottery Tickets ate entitled to in the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, shall he vested and remain in such Teller or Tellers as Cafii in the Exchequer, and upon Trust in the first Place, to pay, apply or dispose of the Annuity due, or to grow due thereon, to and for Part of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, when, and as the same shall become due and payable, and subject thereto, upon Trust to assign and transfer the Whole, or any Part of the Principal Sum, to which the said Lottery Tickets are entitled, in the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to such Person or Persons, as being Proprietors of the said last mentioned standing Orders, fiiali voluntarily deliver up to be cancelled the like or equal Principal Sum or Sums, in any of the said last mentioned Debenture orders, and subject thereto, upon Trust to assign and transfer the Residue of the said Principal Sum in the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, which fiiali not be assigned or transferred to the Proprietors of the said Debenture orders, to such Uses, and for such Purposes, as shall be hereafter directed by the Authority of Parliament, of and concerning the same, and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

The Method of

XI. And to the End and Intent that the said last mentioned standing Orders may be regularly discharged,

discharging these according to the Course of the Exchequer, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the com standiogorders, missioner of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, fiiali and are hereby empowered to dileft the Auditor of his The Time en majesty's Exchequer, at any Time before the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of ^geo stat our Mord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, to receive and take in from any of the Proprietors C 8. II 35.'of the same Orders any Number of the said Orders, containing therein any Principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Principal Sum of one hundred and three thousand two hundred and seventy two Pounds ten Shillings; and the said Auditor fiiali thereupon receive in all such Orders, as shall be brought to him for that Purpose, until the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand two hundred and seventy two Pounds ten Shillings, shall be completed, and shall enter in a Book or Books, to be kept by him for that Purpose, a particular Account of the Orders so brought to him, and of the Proprietors of the same, in the Order and Course of Time in which they shall be so brought, without giving any undue Preference to any one of them before the other of them, so as the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Orders, or same other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, do, by proper Words in Writing, to be written in such Book or Books respectively, signify their Desire and Request, that such standing Order or Orders be paid off", and discharged out of the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities as aforesaid; the said Auditor shall thereupon direct the said Teller or 'Fellers to pay the same Principal Sums mentioned in such Orders, out of the said Share or Interest in the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, so vested in him or them as aforesaid; the Clerk of the Pells shall afterward record such Directions, and afterwards such Teller or Tellers shall transfer or cause to be transferred in due Manner and Form so much of the said Joint stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, as shall be contained in such Directions, to the respective Person or Persons entitled to the same, upon his, her or their Signing or Giving, upon such Order or Orders respectively, proper Discharges or Acquittances for the same; and thereupon such Orders so paid off" and discharged, shall be cancelled and preserved in the Exchequer, in the same Manner as other cancelled Orders are preserved there.

Interest on these

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Interest or Annuity on the said

Orders due at Orders to be discharged and cancelled as aforesaid, which hath become due at or before the twenty-fifth H be Aid out of May of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, shall be paid and discharged out of the mo the General ° n'cs ar'^en or to are at the Exchequer, for the several Duties and Revenues compoiing the Fund com i'uud, monly called the General Fund; and the several Persons, to whom any Part or Parts of the said Joint stock

of three Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be transferred, in Discharge of the same standing Orders, shall be entitled to the Annuity which shall grow due thereon, from or after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty six: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any wise alter or prejudice such of the said last mentioned standing Orders, as shall not be desired to be discharged in Manner aforesaid, or the Security for the same, or the Method or Course of Payment of the Annuity or Interest due or to grow due thereon, but they and every of them fiiali remain, continue and he in the lame Condition to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made y anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An Act for Cleansing, Deepening and Widening a Creek, called Beverly Beck, running into the River Hull, and for Repairing the Staiths near the said Beck, and for Amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley in the East riding of the County of York, and for Cleansing the Streets of the said Town.

PR.

Corporation of Beverley to cleanse, C Beverley Beck. Duties to be paid for Vessels puffing up or down the Beck or Hull River within the Presinfts of Beverley, viz. For every Chaldron of Coals tfinchester

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C 6. 613

Measure 4 d. For every Quarter of Oats, Barley or Malt, 2 a. For every Quarter of Wheat, Rye, Mc aediiie or any other Grain, 3 q. For every Tonne of salt.(.for three Hogsheads of Sugar, Tobacco,

molofl es or Hogsheads packed with other Goods 4 d. For three Puncheons of Liquor 4 d. For four Hogsheads of Wine, Spirits or other Liquor 4 d. For eight Barrels of Sope, Kaiflns, ()il. Pitch, Tar or packed with other dry Goods 4 d. For every Butt of Currans or two Half butts 4 d. For two Pipes of Smyrna Raisins 4 d. For sixteen Bags of Nails 4 d. For every Tonne of Iron or Lead 4d. For thirty-two Firkins of Butter 4 d. For twenty hundred of Cheese 5 d. For every Tonne of Timber or Stone 4 d. For every thousand of Bricks 4 d. and of Tiles bd. For twenty Angle Deal Boards 1 d. and double Boards 2d. For two Bags of Hops 4 (1. For every Quarter of Oatmeal 1 d. For every Pair of Millfloncs 2 s. For Axty Bunches of Laths 6d. For every hundred of Faggots 1 d. For every hundred of Pails, Barrel or Hogshead Staves id. For every hundred of Handfpilccs 1 d. For twenty Poles t d. For every Dozen of Cynders or Charcoal id. For every Hide it. For twenty sheep skins 2 q. For ever thousand of Turfs 2 q. For every Quarter of Bark 2 rj. For every Pack of Wool or other Goods id. For twelve Dozen of Bottles 2 d.

For every Case or Chelt of Glass 2 d. For every thousand of Firkin Staves a d. For every Dozen of coarse Earthen Ware 1 q. For every Dozen of Shovels 2 q. For four Bushels of Roots or Fruit 2 q. For every Dozen of calve skins 1 d. For every hundred of Thatch 4 d. For every Chaldron of Lime or Tonne of Sand 2 d. For every Bundle of Hoops 2 q. For every Dozen of Chairs 1 d. For every small Rundlet of Liquor not exceeding ten Gallons 1 q. For every small Cask, Box, Truss or Parcel, not exceeding one hundred Weight 1 q. Corporation to appoint Collectors. Corporation to audit the Collectors Accounts. Mailer, lac. to deliver in Writing an Account of Goods, Cfc. to Collectors, and pay what due for the Lading.

Corporation to fix Cranes, C Offices to be created on the Old Wade. Corporation may assign over the Duty for Money to be borrowed. Not to take away any of the old Duties payable to the Corporation.

Corporation may turn the Waters some other Way, during the Clcanhng the b^ck, making Satisfaction to the Owners. Penalty for throwing Rubbiflt into the Beck for. Corporation may remove Shelves, and deepen the River. Quarter sessions may appoint Persons to clean the Streets, bd. per Pound to See i3 GV. 2. be laid on the Inhabitants, CC Z

CAP. V.

An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Pensilvania in America.

WHEREAS the River da/azvar, Bay and Coast of the Province of Pensilvania in America, and t the Seas adjoining are very commodiously situated for carrying on the Fishing Trade, and they abound with great Quantities of Shad, Sturgeon, Bass and several other Kinds of Fish, which may be catched and cured, and made fit for Foreign Markets, whereby the Trade of Great Britain and the in f habitants of the said Province would reap considerable Benefit, which would enable the said Inhabitants to purchase more of the british Manufactures for their Use, than at present they are able, by reason of the little Trade and Produce the said Province affords, were it permitted for his Majesty's Subjects to im port Salt from Europe into the said Province for the Curing of their Fish withal, in the like Manner as is

practised in New England and Newfoundland, by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth iccar. 2. C 7,

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for that Purpose: whereas formerly the Northern 7-

Parts of America were comprehended under the General Name of New England, but since have been di

into several Provinces and Colonies, and bear other distinct Names, which occasions a Doubt whe there Salt can be imported into them, without the further Aid of Parliament, by which a very considerable and beneficial Fishery might be carried on there, to the great Benefit of your majesty's Subjects in general; '

May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after f -

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, it shall and may be lawful be imported to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects to carry and import Salt from any Part of Europe, into the Pro from Europe to vince of Pensilvania in America, in british Ships and Vessels, manned and navigated according to the Act of penfik ama, in Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the sl" psi Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary D c?r r C !?-

any wise notwithstanding. Far, i, r r nv fi.

J 0 oks relating to

plantations, 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 2s. 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 8 Geo. 2. c. 19, 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. ztc* 31 33. 24 Geo.

24 C 51 & 53.. 29 Geo. 2. ct 5. S? 35. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. VI.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An t Geo. i. C

W Act for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven f Sunderland, z'/z <'iri', ac at.

the County of Durham, diverse Persons in the said Act named were made, constituted ard appointed O m ' missioners for putting the said Act into Execution, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and where as the said Commissioners in Execution of the Powers by the said Act given to them have at a very great Expense begun to erect a Pier at the Mouth of the said River, on the South Side thereof, and have car ried the same two hundred and seventy leveii Yards or thereabouts, towards the Sea; and it is found n

cellar, '.

614 C 7. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

necessary for the effectual defending the Mouth of the said River from the Sands and other Impediments, which stop and hinder the Entrance into the same, not only to carry on the Pier already begun on the

South Side of the said River, much further towards the Sea than it is yet carried, but also to erect another Pier or Piers, Key or Keys, Wharf or Wharves, and other Works for the better Preservation and Improvement of the said Port and Plaven; and whereas for the Carrying on the said Undertaking so far as it hath been already carried on, the Commissioners in the said Act named have been obliged to borrow and take up at Interest, from several Persons, several considerafcle Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds or thereabouts, and it will be necessary for them to borrow and take up at ir.terest, further Sums of Money for the more effectual Carrying cn, e Completing and Finishing the said Undertaking, which they are not by the said recited Act empowered e to do; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted, UY.

tc Commissioners may assign over the Duties, 3 Geo. 1. for Moneys borrowed or to be borrowed, for im tc provement of the River Wear. Commissioners may erect more Piers, Gc. for Preservation of the Haven. "Commissioners may contract with Owners, 07. for Lands, &c.

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets, and Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, -, for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrasts.

farther provisions in Relation to Matters in this Atf, sgeot 2. C 1.

Ann. Stat. I. t. 2.

1 Geo. i. Stat. 2.

c. J.

3 Geo. 1. C

Geo. 1. c. 1. C Geo. I. C 1.

6 Geo. 1. c. 1.

7 Geo. 1. Stat. 1. C 4.

0 Geo. 1. C p Geo. 1. c. 3. ?o Geo. x.»c. 2 21 Geo. 1. C S 3 2 Geo. C lor there eonti rued to 11 June 1728.

I. MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, ' IVJ the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have freely and unanimously given and granted unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your majesty.that it may be enacted, 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and I own of Berwick upon Tweed, the several and respective Rates, Duties and Impositions, for and upon ail Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, which in and by one Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her lrjte Majesty Queen Anne, of Blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery tickets lojl, burnt or defrayed; anafor enlarging the Time for adjufing Claims in several Lottery adis; and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery orders; and for explaining a late Act in Relation to Stamp-duties on customary e/iatcs, which peys by Deed and Copy, were granted to her Majesty, or chargeable in Manner therein mentioned. Until the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven bundled and fourteen; and which by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifeeen; and which by one Act made and passed in the first Year of hi's majesty's Reign, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Jure in the Year of our Lord cue thousand Even hundred and sixteen; which by another Act made and passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; which by

jljay of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and Which by another Act made and passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of

ade

the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and which by another Act made and passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June in she Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and which by another Act made and passed in the ninth Yesr of his Majesty's Reign, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June in

passed in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of jure in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and which by another Act made and

were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June in ed and twenty seven, shall be further continued in like

passed in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. 615

Manner, and shall be and are by this Act charged for and upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Alum which shall be made and imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the twenty-third Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twemy ievcn, and b fire ue twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred a: J twenty eifiht.

"Malt made in Scotland to pay 3 d. per Bushel. Mum for. per Barrel. Cyder and Perry made for Sale, 4s. E flo d t, y

"per Hogshead. If the Duties in Scotland do not raise 20, 000l. neat, Deficiency to be made goodbye a 1 ar "

"on the Makers. Surplufnge to be applied to the I' ifhery, C LI X P. ?. fu 'c

'. ieej.nleng

CI. S Geo.

1. 15 Geo. 2. C I. 20 co. 2. C 5. 27 Geo. 2. c. 2. 33 Geo. 2. c. 3

Seefi riicrzge:, And see annual 'vlh ael.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Afonies coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his maje/iy by a land-tax, to be red Jed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and lo much Money, if any such there be, of the Pax thereby trained, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said land-tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer, to discharge the same, and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon this Act, and so much of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, hereby granted or continued, as shall arise or remain, if any such be, after all the Loans or Exchequer bills hereby directed to be made on the same, and all the Interest, Praemium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be refeived to discharge the same, and the Sum of fourteen thousand nine hundred thirty-five Pounds, ten Shillings and twopence Earthing, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land taxes, shall he appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; (that is to say) It is hereby enabled and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding fifty-four thousand one hundred ninety six Pounds seven Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called the g'eperal Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one fliouiand seven hundred and twenty-five.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Aloney, not exceeding one million two hundred thirty-nine thousand seventy one Pounds seven Shillings and eight Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say. For or towards defraying the Charge of the Gidinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea officers, and for and towards Victual, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards the transporting of Land forces performed and to be performed.

XXX. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land services performed and to be performed, and towards the extraordinary Stores sent to Gibralter and Port Mahon upon Account.

XXXI. And it is hereby likewise enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sumsof Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million three hundred forty-one thousand i'even hundred and thirty Pounds seven Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any Sum not exceeding eight hundred eighty-five thousand four hundred ninety four Pounds nine Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of twenty six thousand three hundred eighty-three Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers, and Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and six Independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, and other Services relating to the Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty seven thousand six hundred thirty seven Pounds sixteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Garrisons in the Plantations; Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and any Sum or Sums of a4oney, not exceeding four thousand eight hundred forty seven Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, upon Account for out pe.nfloners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thousand seven hundred fifty Pounds nineteen Shillings and five Pence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services relating to the Forces, incurred and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Allan nes for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds to compleat the Sum of

one

Appropriation of t! m/fncy printed this Session.

1 \ Cjjo. i, C I

The Sum for the General Fund,

for Naval Services,

for orjnan'c fer Land Service,

for the Land -- Forces, and other Services -

the So, ocol.' Surplus how to be appllid,

1 Geo. 2. Scat. 2, C 9. feel. 16.

C s.

A.D. 172 5.

61 6

And such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for defraying' such fx pences as shall be m'de before 25 Dec. 17^7. by his Majesty. And to no other Use,

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half pay.

How the Overplus of 73, 0001. appropriated for half-pay 1726. shall be applied. 12 Geo. 1. c. 12.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis.

onehundied and twenty-five thousand Pounds, due and payable to the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffe!, for raising main aiding and keeping a Body of twelve thousand Men for his Majesty's Service, pursuant to the Treaty between his Majesty and the said Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, dated the twelfth Day of March one thousand feveti hundred and twenty-five six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, upon Account for the Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hejfe cajjel, and the Pay of twelve thousand of his Forces to be taken into his Majesty's Service, and the Pay of a Lieu enant General to command the said twelve thousand Men, and for Forage money, Wagon money, and other necessary Charges relating thereunto, pursuant to the said Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty thousand three hundred and six Pounds seventeen Shillings and five Pence Farthing, towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That out of the said Aids or Supplies, there shall and may he, from Time to Time, issued and applied such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be necessary for and towards answering and defraying stich Expenses and Engagements, as have at any Time been, or flail before or unril the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, be made by his Majesty, in concerting such Measures as he in his great Wisdom thinks will bell conduce to the Security of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and to the preserving and restoring the Peace of Europe.

xxxiii. And be it enacted, Thar the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, flail not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies before directed to be satisfied out of the said Loans or Exchequer bills, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in this Act, or in any other Act of this present session of Parliament.

XXXIV. And as to the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds by this ac?c appropriated, on Account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person flail have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person flail have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Flace or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, flail have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person flail have or receive any Part of the same who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same, as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXXV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by laying a Duty upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Aie with in the Cities of London tinct lre/imhtjier, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, and for other Purposes therein expressed, several Supplies which have been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, among which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy three thou land Pounds, upon Account of half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines, subject never theless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf, 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of seventy three thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers accord ng to the said Rules, by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, flail or may be disposed to such Officers who are maimed, or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others, as by Reai on of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty flail judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be ligned in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CC Duplicates of Exchequer bills, Lottery tickets, or Orders, lost or destroyed, to be made forth at the "Exchequer. Clause in Ease of Clerks, or Apprentices, whose Indentures, sv. were not stamped in "due Time, GY"

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to enable the south-sea Company, with the Licence and Consent of the Eof india Company, to take in Negroes within their Limits of Trade, and to deliver the same at Buenos Airs.

i I. WHEREAS the Island of Madagascar is within the Limits of Trade granted to the united company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, commonly called the East india Company: And whereas the Port of Buenos Airs in America, is within the Limits of Trade granted to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, C and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the south-sea Company: And whereas the transportation of Negroes from the said Island of Madagascar to Buenos Airs, may become a very beneficial Branch

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C9 — 15. 617

of the Trade of this Kingdom: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, (amongst other Things) for settling the 9*'° w"

Trade to the east indies, it is provided that Security shall be taken, that all the Goods, wares, Merchan CL '5'3'

dizes and Commodities, which should be laden in any Ship or Ships whatsoever, bound from the East Indies, or Parts within the Limits of the said united company's Trade, should be brought without break ing Bulk to some Port of England or Wales, and there he unladen and put on Land: And whereas by ano

there Add made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anue, for better securing the 6 anne. 3.

Duties of East india Goods, it is enacted (amongst other Things) that all the Goods, Wares, Merchan dizes and Commodities, which (hold be laden in the East Indies, or other the Parts within the Limits of the said United company's Trade, upon any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of her Majesty's Subjects,

should be brought to some Port of Great Britain, and there should ha unladen and put on shore, on Pain

of forfeiting all such Goods, or the Value thereof, to be recovered and distributed as therein is mentioned: And forasmuch as the taking in of Negroes within the Limits of Trade of the said United Company,

and delivering of the same at Buenos Airs aforesaid, without bringing them to England or Wales, may be confirmed to be breaking of Bulk within the Meaning of the said Acts of Parliament, or one of them: ' Be it therefore enacted,

EXP.

"south-sea Company after 24 June 1727, with Consent of the east indies Company, may take in Negroes at Madagascar for Buenos Airs. The Company indemnified for so doing. Ships belonging to the Company, going to any other Coasts within the East India Charter forfeited. All other Goods purchased or "traded for, liable to the Forfeiture in9& io IN. 3. Forfeitures how to be recovered, and distributed.

"Offences to be laid in London or Middlesex. east india Company to take Security from south-sea Com "Continuation for six Years, lac."

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing, widening and amending the Roads from jfigan to pre/lon in the County of Lancaster.

PR.

The Toll granted by this Act took Place and is to have Continuance from the ill of June 1727, for the Term of 21 Years. [Continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. X

An Act for repairing, widening and amending the Road from Warrington to ifigan in the County of Lew

caster.

PR.

The Toll granted by this Act took Place the ill of June 1727, and from thence is to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years. [Continued by 20 Geo. 2. C H.]

CAP. XL

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester town's End to Saint Johns Bridge in the County of

Gloucester.

PR.

The Toll granted by this Act took Place the iftof June 1727. and from thence to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years. [Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XIF

An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of bristol PR.

The Toll took Place the 24th of June 1727. and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 2s.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Studley bridge through Chippenham in the County of ivihs to

the Top of toghi/l in the County of Gloucester,

PR.

The Toll took Place the ill Day of May 1727, and is from thence to have Continuance for 21 Years.

[Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 27.j

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repairing the several Roads !e ding from Birmingham through the Town of Wednesbury to a Place called H: gh Sullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet lane next adjoining to the Township of Biljon, and from Great Bridge through Dudley to kinpjvjinford, and to the further End of Briticl lane in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford and Worcester. F R.

The Toll took Place the 15th Day of May 1727, and is from thence to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years. [Continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 20.j

CAP. XV.

An Act for repairing the p.oads leading fresh the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley in the County of Worcester \ and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

PR.

The Toll took Place the icth Day of May 1727, and is from thence to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years. [Continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 22.

4

Vol. V

618 C 16 — 20

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis, A.D. 1726.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of tvarmlnjier in the County of Wilts.

The Toll took Place the 34th Day of fune 1727, and is from thence to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 16 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton in the County of Bedford to Weflwood gate in the said County.

PR.

The Toll took Place the ift Day of fune 1727, and is to have Continuance for the Term of 21 Years. [Continued by 17 Geo. 2. C az.l

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the efreftual Draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely.

PR.

Commissioners may make Cuts, &c. and erect Engines for draining the Fens, making Satisfaction to the Owners. Commissioners to meet twice yearly at Haddenham. May a fiefs the Owners of the Fens. They may borrow Money at 5l. per Centum. Tenants to pay the Tax, and deduct it out of their Rents. On Death, Resignation, or refuling to act, Commissioners to choose others. Destroying the Works, so.feits 50l. Once in two Years all Receipts and Disbursements to be inspected and audited at the Quarter sessions after Mi haehnas. Not to empower the Commissioners to intermeddle with the Works of Bedford Level: Nor the upper Dclfes in Haddenham.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for repealing Part, and making more effectual the Residue of an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the incorporating certain Persons for the better providing for, and setting at Work the Poor in the City of Gloucester.

PR.

Part of the private Act 1 Ann. Stat. 2. C. 11. repealed. All Gifts shall be vested in the Corporation. On the first Tuesday in June 1727, thirty-one Guardians to be chosen at the Parish Vestries, instead of the twenty-four. On Equality of Votes, presiding Officer to determine. thirty-one Guardians to be chosen, to continue in Office six Years. In every sixth Year thirty-one new Guardians to be elected. On Death or Removal, new Guardians to be elected. Guardians one Body Politic and Corporate. Persons who have Eft'efts belonging to the Corporation, to account and deliver up all Books, &c. The Corporation to take the Profits of Tim. nourse's devised Lands, &c. Corporation may renew Leases, and purchase Lands, not exceeding 10001, per Annum. They may place out Money in their Hands at Interest. No Money to be lent to the Members, &c. Person giving so. may be chosen a Guardian. Corporation to charge how many weekly or other Sums shall be necessary for the Poor in the Hospitals. The Poor in the Hamlets of Littleworth, &c. to be received into the Hospitals. Corporation may make Bylaws. They may seize he Goods of Persons brought into the Hospital.

CAP. XX.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Holmfile in the Township of Doncaster in the County of York, to jvilfuk eioufe in the Parish of Barmby Dun in the said County. P R. 12

12 Geo. X C 38. Corporation of Doncafer appointed Undertakers to make the River Dun navigable. Commissioners appointed for adjusting Differences between the Undertakers and Owners of Wares, &c. They have Power to mediate between Undertakers and others. May settle Satisfaction for their Damage. If the Parties dislike the Determination, Commissioners may cause a Jury to be impanelled to assess Damages. Their Verdict conclusive. The Verdict to be kept by the Town clerk o f Doncafer, among the Records. On Payment of the Money assessed, Undertakers may proceed to work. Commissioners to have 1001, per Ann. Undertakers to make a Cut to convey the Water running down Bentley Mill Goit into the Far Waters, &c. They are to fill up the Hollows next Arnold Goit on Thorp Marsh Side, level with the Grounds on the other Side. Banks of the River to be widened at Longfandall and Redcliffe. Sir George Cook, &c. to have a Way over tveatley Ford, as formerly. Undertakers not to set out Halling paths on the South Side betwixt leng fandall and Redcliffe. Nor to make Wharves on Sir George cook's Lands, &c. Duties of Tonnage for all such Lead, Iron, Steel, Horns, Hoofs, Bones, Boxwood, Timber, broken and unbroken Deals, Boards, Cheese, Salt, Cutlers Wares, Iron Wares, Groceries, Coals, Stone, lime stone and Lime, and all other Merchandizes (except Corn and Malt) as shall be carried upon the River between Holmefile in Doncaster, and so far as the Bottom of the Cut on Barmby Dun Side, such Duties as the Mayor, Aldermen and burr gestes shall! think fit, not exceeding 10 d. for every Fodder of Lead, or customary Tonne of Iron, Steel, Horns, Hoofs, Bones, boxwood, Timber of foreign Growth, broken or unbroken Deals and Boards, nor above 10 d. for every Tonne of Cheese, Salt, Cutlers Wares, Iron Wares, Groceries and other Merchandizes (except Corn and Malt) and not exceeding tod. for every Soil of Mill or Marble Stones or Coals;

10 d. for every Tonne of Lime, and for every Tonne of lime stone, and of other Stones, Sr, and for every Tonne of Plank and Timber of english) Growth, Sd. A Penny per Quarter for Grain. Boats carrying Dung, (2'c. to be duty free. The three Bridges over the new River, &c. vested in the Mayor, &c. of Dsneafler. Duties for Passage through the three Budges, when the drawbridges are opened, 6d. for 10 Tonne. Participants now liable to repair the three Bridges, &c. to pay to the Mayor, &c. of Doncafer, 201, per Annum in Lieu of Repairs. Mayor, &c. may dig Sods in the Participants Lands. The Participants, shall stand, with respect to the Country, liable to the Repairs, if the Mayor, &c. make Default. In Default of the Corporation of Doncafer, the Participants to repair the Bridges, &c. and receive the Duties

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C. 21. 619

till they are repaid: Cr the Participants may bring their Action at Law against the Corporation. The nev River, as well as the River Dun from jvilfick downwards, fuhjca to the Commissioners of Sewers. Not to prejudice the Right of the Mayor, &c. of York, or to hinder the Owners of Lands lying on the River, from erecting Warehouses, &c. on their own Lands. Undertakers not to erca Warehouses, &c. in the Township of Barmby. They are to make a Bridge at Farm by. Commissioners may nominate new of in the Place of Persons dying or refuting to aa. Undertakers may make Towing paths and setup Winehes: They are to setup Gates, Bridges and Styles in the Towing paths, ani make Bridges over the new Cuts, for the Use of the Landowners. No Meeting of Commissioners above six Miles from the Matter in Question. Matters responsible for Damages done by their Boats or Crew. If any Boatm n patting any Lock, shall not (hut it, &c. he hall forfeit lor. owner's Name to be seton the oulfide of th; vett'el. Opening the Locks forfeits lor. to the Poor. All Persons to have free Pattage on the River, paying the Duties. Owners of Lands, &c. may use Pleasure Boats on the River. Saving all Liberties of Filling and Fowling. River Dun, between Holmjlilc and jvilfick Koufe, not under the Commissioners of Sewers: But they shall have the same Power down from jvilfick to the River Onze as before. Not to charge the Tenants of the Crown, or Refmnts of Hatfield in Coin Ebor', with any Duties, hut the Lock Dues. The Locks shall be opened for Boats which have paid the Duties, £37. Commissioners may appoint Persons to measure the Boats. Persons receiving Damage by the Undertakers, Commissioners to a fiefs the Damage by a Jury. If the Undertakers do not pay the Assessment, Commissioners may conttitute a Person to receive the Duties to the Use of the Sufferers. Corporation may engage the Profits for Money to be borrowed. The Water engines for supplying Doncaster with Water, not to be prejudiced till Proprietors satisfied.

CAP. XXI.

Explained and amended by 6 Geo. 2. c. 9.

An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of three hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loons, or Exchequer Bil's, to be charged on the Surplus Moneys of the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years, and since made perpetual.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year see, Geo. 2.

1VJL of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, fiat, 2. C S.

for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned, it was enabled. That for all Sorts of Coals and Cum, which from and after the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the twenty eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, should be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there ttiould be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by way of Impotttion there upon (over and bettdes all other Impotttions and Duties) according to the Rates herein after mentioned;

that is to say. For all such Sorts of Coals and Culm as are usually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder ( thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, the Sum of three Shillings; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tonne, for every Tonne thereof, containing twenty hundred weight, the Sum of three Shillings; all the Produce of which said Impotttion on Coals and Culm was thereby appropriated for the building of fifty new Churches, in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof;

4- and other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first 1 Geo. 1. Star, Year of your majesty's Reign, the said Impositions and Duties on Coals and Culm were further granted to -- C 23.

your Majesty, from the twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, to the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and the whole Produce thereof thereby applied for the making Provitton for the Ministers of the said fifty new Churches, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament of the fifth Year of your majesty's 5 Geo. 3. c. 9. Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Duties upon Coals and Culm, and for cjlablifiing certain Funds to raijc Aloncy, as well to proceed in the building of new Churches, as also to complete the Supply granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the Overplus Moneys of the said Duties for the Dispoftion of Parliament, and for more effectual supprcjfingprivate Lotteries, the same Impositions and Duties were granted to your Majesty, from the twemy seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, to the Fcaft of the An 4 nuneiation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and silty one, and were thereby charged with a particular Fund of twenty-one thousand Pounds per Annum for thirty-two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen,

for the raising the Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, in Lieu of the Provisions by the former aas, for the building of the said Churches, and other Purposes before mentioned, and were by the same 4 AA further charged with anether particular Fund of thirty thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds fourteen Shillings per Annum, for the like Term of thirty-two Years, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for the paying off and discharging the Sum of five hun died thousand Pounds, with Interest at four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by the said last mentioned AA; and in and by the said last mentioned AA, it was enacted, That all the Surplus, Excess or Overplus Moneys, which should quarterly ariseby the said duties on Coals and Culm (over and above so much as Should be sufficient to discharge the several annual or other Sums thereby charged thereon) and all the Surplus, which ihoulj remain after the said Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, to be charged on the said particular Fund of twenty-one thousand Pounds per Annum, and the Principal and Interest, to be charged on the Lid particular Fuad of thirty thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds fourteen Shillings 'per Annum, Should be entirely paid off, discharged, K. 2 4 and

620 C 21.

6 Geo. i. e.

370.000l. granted to his Majesty.

any persons jnay lend on Credit of theoverplus Money on Coals, at 41, percent.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

and satisfied, should be kept apart, and reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and should not be dif

posed or applied to any Ui'e or Purpose whatsoever, but by the Authority of Parliament, and according to 5 such future Act or Acts of Parliament, as should be made and passed for the Disposition thereof: And whereas by a subsequent Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of your majesty's Reign, for enabling the south-sea Company to enlarge the Capital Stock and Fund of the said Company, the said Duties on Coals and Culm were continued for ever; and it was thereby enacted, That the said Governor and company might before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one redeem all and every, or any the redeemable Debts and Encumbrances therein particularly set forth and enumerated, in eluding therein the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds for the said Lottery, and the Securities for the same, by paying off the same, at the Rate of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds prin cipal Money, and proportionally for a greater or lesser Sum; and it was thereby enacted, That upon such Payment of the respective Sum or Sums payable to the Proprietors for such Redemption the same should be adjudged to be redeemed, and the Interest and Annuity payable in respect thereof to the respective Pro ' prietors of such Debts and Encumbrances should thenceforth cease and determine to be payable to them, ' and in lieu thereof an Annuity after such and the like Rate as the Interest Money and Annuity, as was then payable for or in respect of such Debts or Encumbrances, should be from thenceforth payable to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, until Redemption by Parliament, and a proportional Addition in respect thereof should be made to their Capital Stock; and it was by the same Act provided,

That if the Proprietors of the said redeemable Debts and Encumbrances should be willing to accept, in lieu 5 of the said Rate of one hundred Pounds per Centum in Money, a Share or Shares in the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, at such Price as should be agreed on between the said Company and the said Proprietors, that then, in lieu of their respective Debts, they should be entitled to such Shares in the said Capital or joint Stock; and that such Persons so accepting Stock in lieu of Money should deliver up to such Person or Persons, as for that Purpose should be appointed, the Orders whereby such Proprietors were entitled to such Debts or Encumbrances, and that the Person or Persons to be appointed for taking in the said Orders should deliver the said Orders into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, ' there to remain for ever; and that no Payments or issues upon any of the said Orders so delivered up should afterwards be made at the Exchequer, unless for Arrears of the said Annuities or Interest Moneys; and the particular Duties, Revenues, Futids and Provisions charged with the Payment of the Annuities and Debts, which were payable by the said Orders so delivered up, should be thenceforth discharged of and from the same; and by the same last mentioned Act it was enacted, That the said Company should have t an additional Allowance for Charges of Management, in Proportion to the Annuities and Debts to be taken 1 in or paid off, by them to be settled in Manner as therein is mentioned; and that the same, together with the Sum then allowed them for Charges of Manag ment, should be charged upon and payable out of the particular Duties, Revenues and Incomes by the said Act charged or intended to be charged to and with their then present Annuity, and the several Additions to be made thereto: And whereas, in Pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, the south-sea Company did redeem so much of the said Debt of five hundred thousand Pounds as amounted to the principal Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds, by taking the same into their Capital Stock at the Prices agreed between them and the said Proprietors, and the standing Orders for the same have been accordingly delivered up into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, and by Means thereof the said Company are become entitled to an Annuity or yearly Sum of seventeen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds four Shillings, being after the Rate of four pounds/w Centum per Annum, in respect of the said principal Sum so redeemed and taken into their Capital Stock, and the Residue of the said principal Debt or Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds hath been since paid off and discharged, by Means whereof the said Annuity of thirty thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds fourteen Shillings is redeemed and determined, and the said Impofi tions or Duties stand now charged with the said particular Fund of twenty-one thousand pounds/>er An act' mm for the Residue of the said Term of thirty-two Years, for the Purposes aforesaid, and with the said 1 Annuity of seventeen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds four Shillings, payable to the south-sea Company, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, and with a proportionable Part of the additional Allowance for Charges of Management, allowed or to be allowed the said Company, in respect of the said Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds so redeemed and taken into their Capita! Stock as aforesaid Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious Consideration the great Expenses and Charges your Majesty must necessarily be at for the Defence of this Realm, and maintaining the important Town and Fortress o( Gibraltar, now actually besieged by the Forces of the King of Spain, for the preserving the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and maintaining and preserving a just Balance of Power and Peace in Europe; and being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your ala jesty for these Purposes, in the easiest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of three hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer one Book or p.egifter, in which all the Orders for Money payable upon this Act shall be entered and registered; that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to' lend to his Majesty, at the said Receipt, upon Credit of the said Surplus, Excess or Overplus Moneys so as aforesaid reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of threehundred and seventy thousand Pounds, which. Lenders shall have Interest for their

For

C 2 T

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio gf.orcii Regis.

62 r

Forbearance of their respective Loans, not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as full as such Loans fn.tll he wanted for the public Service; the said Interest to be paid every three Months from the making of fuedt Intern to te Loans, until the Satisfaction of the principal Sums respectively; and that no Moneys so to be lent, shall ra; d y't.v 3 be rated or assessed in any Tax or Assessment whatsoever; and that every such Lender shall immediately have '!omh a Tally of Loan struck, for the Money by him, her or them lent, and an Order of the same Date for Repayment thereof, with such Interest as aforesaid; and that all such Orders shad be registered in Course ac onjcnntc recording to their Dates, and all Persons thereupon shall be paid in Course, as their Orders shall stand regi gifliedincoui.'e. fired, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Admb istrators or Assigns, whose Orders shall be sir ft registered, shall be accounted the Person or Persons to be first paid, and so successively in Course; and that the said Surplus, Excess or Overplus Moneys shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns successively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not he diverted or di vertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken, for providing or making any such Books or Registers, or any Entries,

Views or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Iniereft thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand knun<lue Prc any such Fee or Reward, then to forfeit his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall he liable by Action of Debt or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit to the Party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment, according to each person's due Place or Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies or Clerks therein offending to be ilble to such Action, D ht, Damages and Costs in such Manner as aforesaid f all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jveflm mjier, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

"Tallies dated the same Day no undue Preference. Nor if subsequent Orders be paid before such as tsiisdebtis

"were not demanded in Course. Orders assignable. Treasury may issue new Exchequer bills at 2 d. per, clj<'crred

"Cent, per Diem. Interest saved on Bills in the Exchequer, or in Receivers Hands. The Bills to be re

"Arithmetically, and paid in Course. Treasury to direct the Course of Payment for Loans or Ex "

" Bills, and to appoint Cheques, (At. The Bills shall be placed as Cash in the Exchequer.

"These Bills shall he subject to the Rules in the land-tax 13 Geo. 1. C r. The Loans and Exchequer "charged on the Surplus Moneys to arise f om Michaelmas 1726, on the Duties on Coals. Treasury "Michaelmas yearly to take an Account of the Surplusses of the preceding Year. If there be more than "will pay Interest, C Principal to be paid off so far as it wi'l extend. Deficiency to be made good out "of the first Supplies, or out of the Sinking Fund. Moneys issued out of the Sinking Fund to be replaced "there. If the whole 370, 000l. be not raised by Michaelmas 1.727, the Surplusses in the Exchequer may "be issued as Part of the Sum, C

EXP.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the paying off, After paying ns' cancelling and discharging all the said Loans, Exchequer bills, Interest, Pramium or Rate and Charges, these Bins, the and subject thereto, all the Surplus, Excess or Overplus Moneys to arise by, for or upon the said Impositions Surplusses shall or Duties or Coals and Culm, to be computed quarterly, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of his Ma th/oifposition jesty's Reign is directed, shall from Time to Time be kept apart, and reserved for the Disposition of Paros parliarr^nt. liament, and shall not be applied or disposed to any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but by the Authority of 3 Oto. 1. C g. Parliament, and according to such future Act: or Acts of Parliament as shall be made and passed for the Disposition

thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, in Not to alter the any Manner to alter, defeat, weaken or impeach the Provisions made by the said several Acts of the fifth provisions made and six th Years of his Majesty's Reign, or either of them, for the due Payment of the said particular Fund, ceo 1 C 0 of twenty rne thousand Pounds per Annum, or any the Principal Sums to be raised thereby, or the Interest 6 Geo. ' i.c'.*.'. thereof, or of the said Annuity of seventeen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds four Shillings, so as aforesaid due and payable to the south-sea Company for or in respect of the said Sum of four hundred thirty

four thousand six hundred and five Pounds subscribed into their Capital Stock, or the additional Allowance for Changes of Management, or any other Right or Interest which the said south-sea Company, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming or to claim by, from or under them, have or ought to have out of the Moneys arising by or for the said Impositions or Duties, by Virtue of the before recited Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, but the same shall for ever hereafter remain and continue in as full Force to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided.

622 C 2 2

When the Duties oncoals shall be underwood to be redeemed. Concert tng Duty cn Coals, C see farther 22 Geo. 2. c. 37- 3° Geo

a. C 19. Jett. a3. 31 Geo. 2. c. 15. $zgco. 2. C 27. 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

The 3 70, C col. appropriated for -$; !ie Service of vt.be Vear 17*7.

7 Geos. stat.i.

c. 3$.

Anno decimo tertio Georgi 1 Regis. A.D. 1726.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Payment and Discharge, as well of al! the Loans and Exchequer bills to be created by this Act, with all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, as of all former or other Sum or Sums of Money charged on the said Impositions and Duties on Coals and Culm, then and not till then the same Impositions and Duties shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall not be issued, paid or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, but by Authority of Parliament; any Provision in any former or other at or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of three hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised in Manner as aforesaid, shall be appropriated and applied, and is hereby appropriated for and towards the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, that the Sums of Money already granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Supply or Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, are appropriated or directed to be issued by an Act of this present Sessions of Parliament (for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven) or by any other Act or Acts of this present Sessions of Parliament, and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enlarging the Times for hearing and determining Claims by the Trustees for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the south-sea Company, and others; and for Relief of the Creditors of Robert Knight, Esquire, late Cashier of the said Company, and for Relief of Persons who have entered Claims for contingent Debts and Encumbrances; and for giving Time to Ralph Gulfton, and other Creditors of Edward Gibbon, Esquire, to enter Claims before the said Trustees, for a Debt specified in the Inventory of the said Edward Gibbon; and for impowering the Trustees to dismiss Claims for Want of Prosecution; for applying the Produce of the said Estates for the Benefit of the south-sea Company.

4 I II7 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Ca 4 Jhicr, Deputy cashier, and Accountant of the south-sea Company, and of John Aiflabie, Esquire, and likewise - James Crags fen. Esquire, deceasea, towards making good the great Loss and Damage sustained by the said Company; and for disabling such of the said Persons as are living to hold any Office or Place of Trujl under the Crown, or to ftt or vote in Parliament for the future; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed; It is amongst other Things enacted, That all and every the Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, ' Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Post efiions, Royalties, Franchises, Jurisilic tions and Privileges whatsoever, and all Appurtenances to them, every or any of them belonging or appertaining, and all Rights of Entry, Rights of Action, Titles, Conditions, Uses, Trusts, Powers and Au 4 tborities, and all Leases for Life, Lives or Years, Pensions, Annuities, Rent charges and Hereditaments whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever they be, and all and every the Share and Shares in the Ca 4 pital Stock, or Stocks of any Corporation, Company or Society whatsoever, and all Moneys due upon any Account or Accounts balanced cr to be balanced, and all other Debts and Securities for Debts, and all ready Moneys, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandizes, Personal Estate and effects whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, in Great Britain, Ireland, or elsewhere, which Sir John Fellowes, Baronet, (late Sub governor) Charles Joy, Esquire, (late Deputy governor) and William ajlell, Esquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, Sir John Blunt, Baronet, Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir jvtluam Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert Chester, Esquire, Stephen Child, Esquire, Peter Dclaporte, Esquire, Francis Eyles, Esquire, James Edmondson, Esquire, edivardgihboii, Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir ipluiam Hammond, Knight, Francis Hawes, Esquire, Packard ilorfey, Esquire, Richard Houlditch, Esquire, Sir Theodore Janssen, Knight and Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir liar court Master, Knight, ivhltam Morley, Esquire, Ambrose Page, Esquire, Colonel Hugh Raymond, Sa 4 muel Read junior, Esquire, Thomas Reynolds, Esquire, Jacob Sawbridge, Esquire, jpi III am Tillard, Esquire, and John Turner, Esquire, (late Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery) 4 and also Robert Knight, late Treasurer or Cashier, Robert Surman, late Deputy cashier, John Grigsby, late 'accountant to the said Corporation, and John aif.abie, Esquire, every or any of them, upon the first day of June Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty, or at any Time or Times afterwards, or which James Crags the elder, deceased, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him at the Time of his Death, was or were seized or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, in Law cr Equity in their or any of their own Rights, or to his or their own Use or Uses, or in Partnership with any others (except as in the said Act is excepted) were, by Force and Virtue of the said Act, veiled and settled in Sir John Eyles, Baronet, Sir Thomas Cross, Baronet, John Rudge, Esquire, Matthew Lant, Esquire Roger Hudfan, Esquire, now Sir Roger Hud fan, Knight, Edmund Halsey, Esquire, John Lade, Esquire, Gabriel Roberts, Esquire, and Richard Hopkins, Esquire, now Sir Richard Hopkins, Knight, thereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed of and concerning the same, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of the same Trustees, from the respective Times in the said Act named, to the Intent the same might be sold and disposed of, or otherwise applied to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed concerning the same, and that the clear Moneys arising thereby Should be appropriated to and for the Use of the south-sea Company, in such Manner as therein is expressed: 4 it is thereby further enacted, That the Entries of such Claims, as by the said Act are directed, by or for any Person

C 2 2

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Ge 0 rg n Regis.

623

Person or Corporation in Great Britain, should or might be made at any T i.ne before the twenty-fifth Day

of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and by or for any Person or Persons refilling or be 7cc0. i.stat.i. f ing beyond the Seas, or out of Great Britain, should and might be made at any Time before the twenty-fifth <=. 28.

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two: And by the said Act it is fourther enacted,

That the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, should and might inquire and inform themselves, by or upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Examination of the Persons making such Claims upon Oath (all which Oaths they, o>' any one or more of them, had Power to administer) or by the Inspec tion of any Mortgages, Bonds, Bills, Notes or other Securities, or any Accounts relating to the said Debts,

or any of them so claimed, or by inspection of any Grants, Gifts, Settlements, Conveyances, Transfers or Assurances relating to the said Estates, Interests or Encumbrances so claimed, or any' of them, or by all or any of the said Ways and Means, or otherwise, according to their Discretions, as soon as conveniently might be, touching all or any of the Debts, Estates, Intetefts, or Encumbrances so claimed, and should make a Report or Reports in Writing of their Proceedings therein, with their Opinions thereon, from Time to Time, to the Court of Directors of the said south-sea Company for the Time being; and if the said Court of Directors for the Time being should be satisfied in the Justice of such Claim or Claims, or that any Debt or Sum of Money ought to be paid thereon, or that the Estate, Interest, or Encumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof, ought to be allowed, and should declare their Satisfaction therein, by any

Resolution or Resolutions of that Court; and if the Party or Parties, by or for whom such Claim should'

be made, should likewise, in a Book or Books to be kept in the said Trustees Public Office for that Purpose, declare in Writing under his, her or their Hands, his, her or their Acquiescence in such Resolution or Resolutions of the said Court of Directors for the Time being, touching his, her or their Debt, Estate,

Interest, or Encumbrance so claimed, at any Time or Times before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; then in all and every such Case and Cases the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, should give Warrant for the Payment and Discharge of every such Debt or Sum of Money so liquidated or adjusted, out of such Moneys as should corre to the Hands of the cuflier of the said south-sea Company for the Time being, for the Purposes in the said Act expressed: And it was by the said at further enabled, That the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, sitting at the same Time and Place, and not otherwise, should, and they were thereby authorised, from Time to Time,

to hear and determine all Differences, Disputes and Controversies touching or concerning any Debts, Estates,

Interests, or Encumbrances, which should be claimed within the respective Times therein before limited for making such Claims, and could not or should not be liquidated or adjusted between the said Court ofdi

rebtors for the Time being, and the respective Claimants within the Time before limited in that Behalf and

all Incidents relating thereunto, iri such Manner, as by the said at is directed: And by the said Act it is further enabled, That the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, upon a Complaint to be made by or for any Claimant of any such Debt, Estate, Interest, or Encumbrance, w'nose Claims should not be liquidated or adjusted as aforesaid, (so as such Complaint be made on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two) should proceed in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; and the said Justices and Barons, or any three or more of them, in all Cases where they should find that anydebt or Sum of Money ought to be paid to such Claimant upon such Claims, or that the Estate, Interest, or Encumbrance so claimed, or any Part thereof ought to be allowed, should and

might, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, transmit a Certificate or Certificates thereof to the said Trustees in the said Act nominated

And by the said Act it is provided and enacted, That the Powers given by the said Act to the said Justices and Barons, for hearing and determining such Differences, Disputes and Controversias relating to such Claims as aforesaid, and issuing th ir Certificates concerning the same as aforesaid, should continue and be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and no longer. And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prolonging the gccoll c. 23-.

Times for hearing and determining Claims before the Trustees, in whom the estates of the late south-sea Directors, and of John Aiflabie, Esquire, and likewise of James Crags, Esquire, deceased, arevefed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, several of the Times in the former Act limited were enlarged to further Times therein expressed: whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 9 Geo. 1. C

for further enlarging the Times for eniring, hearing and determining Claims on the estates vefed in the Trustees,

of the south-sea Company, and obliging Persons to claim Stock by the Time therein mentioned, for Money Sub ' feriptions, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, the Times in the said last mentioned Act limited were further enlarged to other Times therein expreitecl: And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of, 0 Geo. ic. rea his Majesty's Rt ign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times for hearing and determining Claims by the True flees, for raising Mercy upon the estates of the late Directors of the sout'n sea Company and others, and for re living and continuing the Provisioiiformerly made agairjl requiring Special Bail in Actions or Suits upon Contra fts for Stock or Sulfcripiions, between the f.rjt Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nineteen and the frjl Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Times in the last mentioned Act of the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign were enlarged to further Times therein expressed; whereas the lime by the last mentioned Act limited for the said Court of Directors being satisfied of the Justice of such Claim or Claims, and for declaring their Satisfaction therein by any Resolution or Resolut: ons of the said Court, did expire on the twenty-fourth Day of December last, and the other Times limited by the said Act for other Purposes therein mentioned are near expiring; now for afnvjch as the Claims made pursuant to the first recited Act, and nlfo to the herein before recited Act of the ninth Year of his said majesty's Reign, could not he adjusted and determined within the Times al ready limited for the same; 'May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, V 4

4' Tims.:

624.

C 22.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D.

1/26.

"Time for the Directors of the south-sea Company being satisfied in any Claims, enlarged to 24 June "1728, and for the Judges determining Disputes, to 24 Decent. 1728. Robert knight's Estate made liable to 7 Geo. 1. Scat. "pay his Creditors, before any Demand of the south-sea Company. Trustees to give their Warrants for; S. discharging such Debts. Clause for Relief of Persons who have entered Claims for contingent Debts and

"Encumbrances. Trustees may compound with such Claimants. Time given to Ralph Gulston and other Creditors of Edward Gibbon, Esq; to enter their Claims before the Trustees. The Money to be paid

"to Creditors or Executors. Trustees may dismiss Claims not prosecuted within 60 Days after personal

Notice or Publication in the Gazette. Trustees before 25 March 1728, to settle an Account of all South "

"Stock and Annuities vested in them, Lfc." 1 Geo. 2. Stat. 2. C. 8. f. 21.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes nrw. among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the For

Cel' % feature appointed by an Act of the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in case of Paye.

ij. 39 ei.'ment of the Workmens Wages in any other Manner than in Money.

C 14. 7 Jac»' I.

C 7. 12 Car. Z. C 32. 13 14 Car. 2. C is 3* 19. 1 TV. & M. fiat. 1. C 32. 7 8 3. C 28.910 ff. 3. C 40* 10 II W. 3. C 10.

>3 gcot.i % c.dzj* .4 Geo. 1. c. 11. 5 Geo. I. C 11. iz Geo. 1. c. 34.

WHEREAS diverse Controversies and Disputes have arisen between the Clothiers and Makers of Woollen Goods and tyre Manufacturers employed by them, concerning the Length of the Warp ingbars, and the Uncertainty of Weights by which Wool, Yarn and other Materials tiled in the manufacturing or making up of Woollen Goods have been delivered out to the several Workmen employed therein Now for the better Regulating of the said Manufacture, and the Quieting or more speedy Determining all Disputes which may happen for the future, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, it shall not be lawful for any Maker of mixed, medley or white Cloth to use or cause to be used, any Bars, called Watping Bars, but only such which shall he of the Measure and Length hereafter appointed; that is to say, Every long Warping Bar shall be in Length three Yards and three Inches, and no more; and every round Warping Bar shall be four Yards and four Inches round, and no more; the said three Inches on the long Bar, and the said four Inches on the round Bar, being in lieu of the over Measure usually allowed in Clothes; and also that the Thrums at the End of the Warping Bars shall not exceed eighteen Inches in Length; and if any Maker of such Cloth shall after the said first Day of June use or cause to be used any Warping Bar of other Length or Measure than what is hereby appointed, or with Thrums exceeding eighteen Inches in Length, every such Maker of such Cloth shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of such Cloth or Goods mixed with Wool shall give out all Wool, Yarn or other Materials for such Manufacture by Weight, after the Rate of sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and shall receive back the same by the same Weight without Fraud or Deceit, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of five Pounds for every Offence contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clothier or Maker of Woollen Clothes, Druggets or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, shall use or cause to be used any Ends of Yarn, Welts or other Refuse of Cioths, Druggc s or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, Flocks and Pinions only excepted, by working the same up again into any Sorts of Goods whatsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every such Offence, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Prosecutions for Offences contrary to the true Meaning of this Act shall be heard and determined by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division or Place where such Offence shall be committed, upon Information given upon Oath within three Calendar Months after such Offence committed; and such Justices are hereby authorised and required to examine, hear and determine the same; and upon every Conviction for such Offence to issue their Warrant or Warrants to levy such Pains or Penalties by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels; one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such

the length of Warping Bars and Thrums to be used in mixed, medley or white

Cloth.

'the Provisions of the Act are en jot ced by z Geo. 2. r., 33.

jvhxcb is amended by 30 Gcc. 2. £. 12.

maii Wool, C to be given out tby Weight at 16 02. ttf the lb.

No Clothier to use any Ends of Yarn, 'See by working them yp again.

Prosecutions, how to be heard,

offe

Offences shall be committed: and for want of a sufficient Distress to commit the Offender or Of

How Disputes arelating to Wages ur Damages dliali be heard.

fenders to the County Gaol for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until Satisfaction be made by such Offender or Offenders,

V. And be it enacted, That all Disputes and Demands relating to Work, Wages or Damages between any Clothier or Maker of Woollen Goods, or Goads mixed with Wool, and any Weaver or other Person or Persons employed in such Manufactures, shall be heard and determined by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division or Place where such Dispute or Demand shall arise, who are hereby required and and authorised, upon Complaint to them made, to summon the Parties, and to hear and examine upon Oath, and adjudge such Satisfaction, and to give such Costs and Damages to the Party aggrieved, as in their Dif retion shall feein reasonable, and to issue their Warrant or Warrants to levy such Costs and Damages by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, who shall refuse, for the Space of ten Days, to pay such Costs and Damages by them so adjudged; and for want of a sufficient Distress, to

commit

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo t^rtio Georgii Regis. C 23. 625

commit the Party to the County Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until Satisfaction shall be made by the Party so offending.

VI. Provided always, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Person aggrieved by any Order of such Appeal to the ] uflices, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the Qomtcr Scf county, Diviliun or Place where such Order shall be made, giving six Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal;

and the Justices in their Quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and make such Order, and to award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall ieem reasonable, and to levy, by their Order or Warrants such Coifs and Damages so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the same; and for want of sufficient Distress to commit the Party to the County Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until Satisfaction shall be made by the Parties offending; and such Award or Order of the Justices at the Quarter sessions shall be final, nor shall the Proceedings

of any Justice or Justices out of Sessions, or of the Justices in their Sessions, in Pursuance of this act, be liable to be removed by Certiorari or other Form or Process of Law; anything in this present or any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And to prevent the ill Practises aforesaid, and to detect the same, in case they shall be committed, j, nice3 on In

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice lormation of a

or Justices of the Peace, upon Information to him or them given on Oath, that any Person or Persons are f'^tiecs n ay

(or are suspected to be) guilty of any of the ill Practises aforesaid, to issue out his or their Warrant or, t^1^j!n3nt5 Warrants to any Constable, Tithingman or other Peace Officer or Officers, or to any Churchwarden or 0 C rtl' Overseer, directing him or them in the daytime to enter into any House or Houses, Shop or Shops, Warehouse or Warehouses, or other suspected Place or Places, to search for and examine all such Bars and Weights as shall be made use of for the Purposes before mentioned bjr any such Clothier or Maker of Woollen Goods as aforesaid; if any Clothier or Maker of Woollen Cloth shall interrupt any such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, that then such Clothier or Maker shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And whereas several Abuses have been committed in the Woollen Manufacture by Persons, com Conflabks my monly called End gatherers, going about the Counties within this Kingdom, and collecting, buying and search End ' receiving from the Labourers employed in such Manufacture Ends of Yarn, Wests, Thrums, short Yarn Gatherers. e and other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget and other Woollen Goods, and Goods mixed with Wool, Flocks and Pinions only excepted Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said first Day of yune one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven any such Person or Persons shall be found collecting, buying, receiving or any ways carrying or conveying such Ends of Yarn, Wests, Thrums, short Yarn or other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool,

Flocks and Pinions only excepted, in any Bag or Bags or other Convenience for carrying such Ends of Yarn,

Wests, Thrums, short Yarn or other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, that it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or other Peace Officer, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, to search and examine such Person or Persons, his, her or their Bag or Bags or other Convenience for carrying such Ends of Yarn, Wests,

Thiums, short Yarn or other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool; and if on such Search such Constable or other Officer shall find on or with any such Person or Per rf on Search fons any such Ends of Yarn, Wests, Thrums, short Yarn or other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget or other Ends of Yarn, Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, Flocks and Pinions only excepted, that then such Constable

or other Officer shall carry such Person or Persons before one or more justice or Justices of the Peace for the '0>er'r' County, Division, City or Town Corporate where such Person ft rill be so sound and discovered so offending; before a justice. which Person or Persons, upon due Conviction of any of the said Offences on Oath of one or more Wit on Cormflioa ness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party or Parties, him, her or themselves, every such per to be deemed son so offending shall be deemed and taken to be a dangerous and incorrigible Rogue, Vagrant or Person, incorrigible and shall be liable to be deemed, taken and punished as a dangerous and incorrigible Rogue, Vagrant robuts or Person, in the same Manner as is 'directed by the Statute of the twelfth Year of the late Queen n Ann. Suit. 2. Anne.^c-23-

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the faij first Day of yune Makers to pa one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven every Maker of mixed, medley or white Broad Cloth shall the Weavers tc satisfy and pay to the Weaver or Weavers employed by such Maker in or about the Weaving the same, according to the Number of Yards that the said Chains are laid on the Warping Bars, and not otherwise, rha^areiaid on Pain of forfeiting and paying for every Offence contrary to the true Meaning hereof the Sum of five 0u the Warping Pounds. Ears.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for preventing of the ill Practises used owners of ten in the excessive Straining of mixed or medley Woollen Broad Cloth, every Owner or Proprietor of Tentor for Grounds to ortentors, Rack or Racks for such Cloth, within the Counties of Gloucester, ivilts and Somerset, shall, measure their after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and he is hereby required to

measure such Tentor or Tentors, Rack or Racks, as shall be made use of for tentering or racking such wijtsandso cloth, and to mark or number in Figures plain and fair to be seen, the true Length of Yards of each Ten merfet. for or Rack, beginning at Number I. and lo continuing to the End thereof, upon the Top Bar belonging to each Tentor or Rack, and on the fore side thereof; each Yard to contain six and thirty Inches, to which shall be added one Inch more, being in lieu of the over Measure usually allowed in Clothes, so that the same Length shall contain seven and thirty Inches, to prevent any Disputes in respect of measuring by the Yard; and if any such Tentor or Tentors, Rack or Racks shall, after the said first Day of aug aft one thousand fe^forfeiture Tor ven hundred and twenty seven, be found not to be measured or truly marked and numbered as aforesaid, not measuring the Owner or Proprietor of such Tentor or Tentors, Rack or Racks, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five the Tentors.

Anno ciecimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

Pounds for each Tentor or Rack that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid; the Just1 tnfpeftors to be ces of the Peace for the Counties aforesaid, in their respective General Quarter sessions next after midsummer ehoion yearly: Pay next, and afterwards at their General Quarter Sessions next after Easter yearly, and every Year shall choose and appoint so many skilful Men of good Character and Repute within the said respective Counties, as they shall think reasonable, to be Inspectors for the Year ensuing, and may allow to each of them a Salary not exceeding thirty Pounds per Annum., to be paid out of such Money as shall be received by the Treasurers of the said Counties respectively, as is herein after directed; said Inspectors shall, and they t heir Power, hereby have full Power at all seasonable Times in the daytime (Sundays excepted) to enter and insped all and every the Mill and Mills, Shop and Shops, Outhouses and Outhouses, and Tentor grounds of every Clothier, Millman and other Person concerned in the manufacturing and milling of mixed or medley Woollen Broad Cloth; and they are to measure the Length of every Tentor or Rack, and Length and Breadth of every such Cloth he shall there find, before it shall be carried from thence, and shall stamp his Name on a Lead Seal, to be furnished by the Maker of such Cloth or Clothes, and affix the same on the Head End of every such Cloth, and shall keep one or more Book or Books, wherein shall be regiflred or set down such clothier's, millman's or other person's Name, and the Number and exact Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, which shall be made within their respective Divisions; shall, at every General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City or Town Corporate wherein they shall be so appointed respectively, give in a true Copy of such Register, with an Account of what Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures have been levied, recovered and received, by Virtue of this Act, within their respective Divisions; and no Inspector shall enter upon the Execution of such his Office before be hath taken the Oath following before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Town wherein he shall be appointed Inspector

I A.B. do swear, that I will well and truly execute the Office of an Inspector of mixed or medley ' JL Woollen Broad Cloth within this County, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, and according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge. So help me God

XI. And if from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, any Clothier or Maker of any such Cloth, or any Milman or other Person within the Counties aforesaid, flail refuse such Inspector or Inspectors to enter the said Places or any of them for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person so refusing or refilling shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XII. Provided, and be it enacted, That if any such Inspector or Inspectors appointed as aforesaid, do or shall act therein against his or their said Oath or Oaths, he or they being convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIII. And for the raising the aforesaid Salaries for the Inspectors aforesaid, Be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day of Augustevery Maker or Makeis of mixed or medley Woollen Broad Cloth within the Counties aforesaid, shall pay to the said Inspector or Inspectors appointed as aforesaid, the Sum of twopence per Cloth, for every such Cloth, he, she or they shall make, before the said Clothes are lent away from the said Mill or Mills; and the said Inspector or Inspectors shall, every three Months or oftener, pay the Money by him or them so received, into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County for the Time being, where such Inspector or Inspectors shall live or exercise his or their Office or Offices, to be applied by the Direction of the said Justices at their General Quarter sessions, towards the Salaries of Inspectors to be appointed by Virtue of this Act.

XIV. And if any Millman within the Counties aforesaid final!, after the said first Day of August, send home to any Clothier or Maker of Cloth, any such Cloth or Clothes as aforesaid, before they are inspected and measured as aforesaid, then such Millman shall, for every Piece of Cloth so sent home, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

repeal or make void any Powers formerly given by Charter or Act of Parliament to the Corporation of Clothiers in the City of Worcester, for the better governing or regulating the Woollen Manufacture, but that the same shall and may be used and exercised, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

And whereas, by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent unlavjful Combinations of jvnrktnen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for the hitter Payment of their Wages, It is enacted, That if any Clothier, Sergemaker, Woollen orworfled stirff inaker, or Person concerned in making any Woollen Clothes, Serges or Stuffs, or any ways concerned in employing Woolcombers, Weavers or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures as aforesaid, shall pay any Person or Persons employed by them, their Wages or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods, or by way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money, every Person lb offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVII. And whereas by the said Act no Time is limited for prosecuting for such Offence as aforesaid, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Prosecution for such Offence, by Virtue of the said recited Act, shall be commenced within the Space of three Months next after such Offence committed, and not otherwise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person is sued or molested for any Matter done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may plead the General Blue, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against: the Plaintiff, or if a Verdict is. given for the Defendant or Defendants, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, for

Penalty for refilling Entrance to the Inspectors.

Inspectors Salary, ho\r to be iaifeil.

Penalty on mill man sending home Cloth before inspected»

Not to repeal a Charter to the Clothiers of Worcester.

Prosecutione on the Act 12 Geo. to be tommen red within 3 Months after Offence committed.

[General Issue.]

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C. 24. 627

which he and they shall have the same Remedy, and all Advantages as in Cases wherein Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed as a public Act, of which all Joints and Justices are required to take Notice, without specia! pleading the same. J

Courts

V men Manufacturcj 5 Geo. 2. c. 21, izcco.z. C

15 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25 GY, 2. C 14. 26 Geo. 2. c. 8, & ir. 29 Geo. 1. c. 33.

fir>y 1 «>nzcrmrfr 30 Geo. 2. C it.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

I. K? WHEREAS diverse Persons within this Realm, using the Mystery or Craft of Dyers, have of late 13 C. W used and exercised false and deceitful Ways in Dying Bays and other Woollen Goods black, 13 & <4 Car. > ' without using Woad, Indigo or Mather, and for puffing off such Goods as true mathered Blacks, (though f'

falsely dyed as aforesaid) the Corner only thereof hath been dyed red, and a red Rofc or other Mailt, foi a ' true dyed Mather Black, tied up at such Corner, when the rest of the said Bays and Woollen Goods, or great Part thereof, are falsely dyed without Woad, Indigo or Mather as aforesaid, and such or the like de ceit full Practises have been and are uled in dying of black Clothes, Bays ani other Woollen Goods, to imi tate and resemble true wooded Blacks, without using any Woad or Indigo in the dying thereof, and a blue Role or other Mark for a true woaded Black hath been fixed to the Corner thereof, to deceive the Buyer;

and whereas great Deceit hath been practised in the dying of Blues with Logwood instead of Woad and In ' digo, or mixed therewith, which Frauds and Abuses tend to the great Deceit and Kurt of his Majesty's '.subjectsat home, and to the Discredit and Slander, as well of the Merchants as of the Dyers of this Realm, and the Woollen manufactures of this Kingdom are thereby greatly disparaged in foreign Parts For Redress of the Fremiffes, May it please your moult Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it af!'r Jyne enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual 'Jdjc any black and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that Bays or Woollen if after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, any Person or Per Goods, but with fons whatsoever shall, within that Part of Great Britain called England, 1 Vales and Benvick upon Tweed, dye woaf indigo or cause to be dyed black, or as or for black, any Bays or other Woollen Goods, as or for Mather Blacks, the anj! Mather same not being dyed throughout with Woad, Indigo and Mather only, without any otheringredient or n, )'Mixture, giving Tincture or Colour, or shall dye or cause to be dyed black, or as or for black, any Clothes, r any Clothes, Long Else, Bays or other Woollen Goods, as or for woaded Blacks, the same not being woaded throughout, ^; C nat b. c.., n every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit and pay for such deceitful and false mathered Blacks as C t'rou= followeth (that is to say)

For every long Becking Bays, containing seventy Yards or upwards, forty-four Shillings. Penalty.

For every Colchester Bays or short Bays, containing thirty-five Yards or upwards, the Sum of twenty-two Shillings, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of any such Bays, or of any other Woollen Goods falsely or deceitfully mathered or pretended to be mathered as aforesaid.

For every Cloth falsely and deceitfully dyed black without being woaded throughout, containing forty-four Yards or more, the Sum of forty Shillings.

For every Piece of Bays falsely and decietfully dyed as aforesaid, containing seventy Yards or upwards, thirty Shillings.

For every Colchester or Short Bays, containing thirty-five Yards or upwards, twelve Shillings.

For every Perpetuana or Stuff, falsely and deceitfully dyed as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings, and foin Proportion for any other Woollen Goods falsely and deceitfully dyed, as and for woaded Blacks as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Woollen Goods and Manufactures which shall V'ooller. Coed, be truly mathered Black, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be marked with a red Rose and a marked blue Rose, and all Woollen Goods and Manufactures which shall be truly woaded black throughout, according w; th a red and to the Directions of this Act, shall be marked with a blue Rose only; and if any Person or Persons what bine Rose, and soever shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or truly woaded forged any of the said Marks, or shall dye, stain, imprint or affix any such Mark or Marks to any of the ?|lacljf Jvl: h a Woollen Goods or Manufactures aforesaid, falsely and deceitfully dyed as or for Mather or Woaded Blacks b ue 0 e'

as aforesaid, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay four Pounds for every Piece penalty r for" of Goods to which the said Mark or Marks shall be affixed as aforesaid. ging Marks.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the said twenty-fourth Day of June any Penalty for using Person or Persons whatsoever shall use or cause to be used, any Logwood in dying of blue, every such Person Lrgwood in dy shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for every Piece of Cloth so dyed, i" S b: ul; containing in Length forty-four Yards or more, and twenty-two Shillings for every long Piece of Backing

Bays, containing in Length seventy Yards or more, and twelve Shillings for every Colchester or short Bays, containing in Length thirty-five Yards or more, and four Shillings for every Perpetuana or Stuff, containing in Length twenty-four Yards or more, and foin Proportion for all other Sorts of Woollen Goods dyed blue with Logwood, contrary to this Act.

IV. And for more effectual preventing the Frauds and Abuses aforesaid, and for better Discovery thereof,

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons occupying the Trade, Art or Myllery of Dyers in Lon dying any Manner of Woollen Cloth, Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, within the City of c london or the Suburbs thereof, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of

Compass of the same City, shall be subject to the Examination and Inspection of the Incorporate Company the Company, of Dyers of London; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master, Wardens and Court of Af Company mly fistants of the said Company of Dyers, by Writing or Writings, or under their Common Seal, to appoint appoint search houeft and skilful Persons to be Searchers within the Limits aforesaid; and out of the Limits aforesaid iters !n Loaacn»

628 G i

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1 26.

and Quarter seldom in other Places.

Searchers may fnter Dyers Ironies to examine Cloth,

C

Penalties how to be recovered.

and how to be distributed.

pistress for nonpayment,

Prosecutions to commence within 40 Days'.

Appeal to Quartet sessions,

'general Issue.

jrevived by^ Geo. a, C x8.'and continued ty 20 Geo. 2. c. 47. to 1 June 1754, C

And farther continued by 27 Geos, C is. and 3 2 Geo. a. C 16.

shall or may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter sessions of the Peace for any County, City, Town or Place, to appoint such Searchers; and it shall or may be lawful for all or any such Searchers so to be appointed by the said Company of Dyers, or by the Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, taking to his or their Assistance a Constable or other Peace officer of the Place (who is and are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premisses) at all seasonable and convenient Times in the daytime, to enter into the Shop, Warehouse or Workhouse of any Person or Persons, or Company or Corporation whatsoever, using or exercising the Trade, Art or Mystery of Dying, or into the Shop, Warehouse or Workhouse of any other Person concerned in the dying of any such Woollen Goods as aforesaid, or in the making or fixing such Marks to the same as aforesaid, to feareh and examine all or any Clothes, Bays, Stuffs and other Woollen Goods dyed or to be dyed black or blue; and if any Person or Persons shall oppose, hinder or refuse such Search, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay ten Pounds.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act, where the Penalties or Forfeitures shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall or may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tfejhninjier, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall he granted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and in Cases where the Penalties and Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, the Matter of the Offence shall or may be examined, heard and determined by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed (such Justices not being concerned in the Matter of the said Complaint) which Examination shall be upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer; all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall happen by Virtue of this Act, shall, within the City of London and Suburbs thereof, and within ten Miles Distance of the same, go and be, the one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the said Company of Dyers; and beyond such Compass, the whole of such Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be to the Informer or Informers, and Prosecutor or Prosecutors; and in case any Offender shall negleclor refuse to pay any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, where the same shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by the Space of twenty Days after the Conviction of such Offender, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction was had, and such Justices are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the Constable or Constables of the Ward, Precinct, Parish, Town or Place where such Offenders shall inhabit, or can be found (within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction) to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners; and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender and Offenders to the House of cor redtion, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall think fit, not exceeding three Months.

VI. Provided, That all Prosecutions for Offences against this Act shall be commenced within forty Days next after the Offence committed or discovered, and shall be prosecuted with Effect, and without wilful Delay; and if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement or Order of any of the said Justices of the Peace, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the County, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, giving reasonable and sufficient Notice of such Appeal, and the Judgement and Determination of the Justices at such General Quarter sessions shall be final; and they have hereby Power, upon such Appeal, to allow such reasonable Costs and Charges to either Party as they shall think just, to be levied and paid in such Manner, as is usual in other Cases of Appeal from Orders of Justices of the Peace to the General Quarter sessions.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced pr prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything he or they shall do in Pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers thereby granted, all and every Person and Persons so sued may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiffs or Prosecutors shall become nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or a Verdict shall be given against him or them, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his and their treble Costs, for which he and they shall have like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and this Act shall be taken and allowed as a public Act in all Courts and Places within this Kingdom, and all Judges, Justices and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special Pleading of the same.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the Free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited.

WHEREAS Cochineal of the Growth of the Spanijl) West indies, is of principal Use in dying Cloth, and other the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, of Scarlet, Purple and other Colours, called Grain Colours, to the great Improvement thereof, by which great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects are employed in fulfilling and perfedling such Woollen Manufactures; and whereas such Cochineal, by the Laws in Being, cannot be imported but from Spain, or the Places of its Growth, and Briiifn Ships are not at present admitted into the Ports of Spain, and the Territories thereunto belonging, so that this Kingdom is not likely to be furnished with a sufficient Quantity of Cochineal for the necessaty Service thereof, unless some Provision be made for the free importing of the same, during the Interruption of the Commerce with Spain, whereby great Quantities of Clothes, and other Woollen Manufactures of this King dam, are like to remain white in the Makers and Merchants Hands, for want of Cochineal to dye the same into Grain Colours for Exportation; and whereas in several Parts of Europe Cochineal is now sold at. much cheaper Rates than in this Kingdom, and it is now used abroad in dying foreign Manufactures,

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C. 26. 629

at lower Prices than his Majesty's Subjects can dye the Manufactures of this Kingdom therewith, to the great Encouragement of foreign Woollen Manufactures, the great Prejudice of the Woollen Manufactures fj of this Kingdom, and Impoverishment of many of his Majesty's Subjects employed therein For Remedy whereof, Pc it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, After 20 Miy

to the

from any Port or Place whatsoever; Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise not with Parliament, ct

ftailding. chir.cal may te

CAP. XXVI imported free.

An act for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the Advancement of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of the united See 24ceo. 2.

Kingdom called Scotland (whiclt are now under great Discouragements) will not only employ great C 31. whiib Numbers of Poor, but will be a general Good to the united Kingdom, by adding to the Wealth of the rt!f

Realm; and whereas several Frauds and Abuses are daily committed in the said Manufactures, whereby the " M'!' 'hr'

Growth of Flax and Hemp within that Part of the united Kingdom is discouraged, the Credit of the said Manufacture destroyed, and the Demand for the same lessened, for want of proper Laws and Regulations for that Purpose: To the End therefore that these Frauds and Abuses may for the Future be prevented, and that the Manufactures may be incouraged, and the Credit thereof raised; it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of November which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty After 1 Nov. seven, no Person or Persons shall import or cause to be imported into any Port or Place in that Part of the V 7< n: 1 baj united Kingdom called Scotland, any bad, mixed or damnified Lintseed or Hempfeed, but that from and r, 0b

after the said first Day of November all Lintseed and Hcmpfeed, that Ha: 11 he imported into any Part of Scot imbued into' land, of the Growth of the Netherlands, Russia, Livonia, Poland, Germany, or other Places, shall be fresh, Scotland, good and clean, without Mixture.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Nono damnified vember no Person or Persons shall vend, sell or expose to Sale, within any Port or Place in Scotland, any mixed Lintseed to be or damnified Lintseed or Hempfeed, or any Lintseed commonly called or known by the Name of Short Lint, 'n sc°t]a?d* seed; and that no Person or Persons do presume to mix or cause to be mixed aiffeient Parcels of Lintseed or ^tferent coun hempseed of different Countries or Growths together; and that from and after the said sirs Day of Novan tr; s.

her every Person who shall sell or vend any Parcel or Parcels of Lintseed or Hempfeed within any Part or Place of that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland, shall, together with the said^parcel or Parcels, deliver to the Buyer, in Writing, a particular Account of the Parcel of Lintseed or Hempfeed sold by him, sdlerto give an expressrng the Quantity thereof, the Place from whence the same was imported, and where it grew, and the Account of the Year of its Growth, to the End that if the Seller shall have been guilty of any Fraud, he may be the more Parcel, easily convicted, and subjected to the Penalties herein after expressed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sirs Day of No Penalty for fel -- vember, all and every Person and Persons, who shall sell or expose to Sale, bad, short or damnified Lintseed Png bad lint or Hempfeed, or who shall mix what is left of the Lintseed or Hempfeed of the former Year wi h what is stead imported in a subsequent Year, or shall mix different Parcels of Lintseed or Hempfeed together, or who shall sell Lintseed or Hempfeed of a different Growth or Age from what he, she or they have expressed at the Sale, in the Account to be given in Writing as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, upon being duly convicted thereof in Manner hereafter mentioned, for every such Offence, forfeit the said Lintseed or hempseed so sold or exposed to Sale, or the Price thereof, and likewise a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, norless than fifty Shillings for every Jdogfhead of Lintseed or Hempfeed so sold or exposed to Sale, and so proportionably for every greater or Idler Quantity; and all and every Person and Persons who shall sell or vend any Lintseed or Hempfeed by any other Measure than the Linlithgow Measure streaked, and the Fractions thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Measure used by him, her or them, and a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein after particularly described.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sirs Day of No Penal fcr()3ij vember no Hemp 01 Lint within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be Reaped or watered in iie pinr Hemp any Boghole, Peat, Alois or Turf pit; and that no Lint or Hemp shall be sleeped or watered for two Years or Lint, successively, in any Handing Pool, or in any Hole or Pit with Handing Water, unless Inch Hole or Pit is

dug near to the Side of a running River or Rivulet, from whence the aid Pool, Hole or Pit may be frequently supplied with fresh Water; and all and every Person and Persons, steeping Lint or Hemp contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence, being thereof duly convicted in Adanner hereafter directed, forfeit such Lint or Hemp, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And whereas great Frauds are frequently committed in the spinning and reeling of L inen Yarn, to realty fa fel the great Prejudice of the Linen Manufacture, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and ling Lint or after the said sirs Day of November no Person or Persons whatsoever shall sell or expose to Sale, or import Hemp Yarn ir. 'I - '*lother, any Linen yarn, other than resu'ar, maje

such up

into Scotland, or carry or transport from any one Part of Scotland to another,

.630 C 26.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

Magistrates may destroy Reels other than Yard and an Half in Circumference.

Officers may enter into Ware mioufes, C and ieize Linen Yarn made up contrary to the Ad't.

Penalty for ob itrudling Officer,

No Weaver to setup before Security given, not tu weave contrary to this Act.

Penalty for setting up without Security.

Penalty on Weavers working deceitfully.

Penalty on Weavers not weaving a von tracked for, or imbezilling.

The Standard Lengths and breadths of LI -- r.vea Cloth

such as is made up into Cuts, and Hefps or Hanks, each hefp.or Hank confiding of twelve Cuts, and no unore, and each Cut containing one hundred and twenty Threads, all exablly numbered, and no more; and that all the Yarn contained in the said Hefp or Hank be Lint yarn only, or Tow yarn only, and of the same Colour and Fineness; and that no Tow yarn and Lint yarn be mixed together in one and the same Hefp or Hank, and that the same be tied up with a Piece of Packthread, and not Yarn; and that the said Yarn be well reeled, and each Cut and Hefp or Hank be separated, as the same shall be reded, and not"afterwards; and that from and after the said first Day of November the uniform Standard Reel of Scotland shall be two Yards and Half, or ninety Inches in Circumference; and that all and every Person and Persons who after the said first Day of November hall sell or expose to Sale, or carry or transport from one Part in scot land to another, any Lint or Hemp Yarn, made up in another Manner than as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted as herein after is mentioned, shall forfeit the Hefp or Hank made up of fewer Cuts than twelve, or in which any Cut shall be falsely made up, to him, her or them, who hall inform and prosecute the same with Effect.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and far any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, within any Burrough, or to and for any Person or Persons lawfully authorised, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of Peace or Magistrate, to enter into any House or Houses, the Doors thereof being open, at all Times of the Day; and if any Reel or Reels be there found, other than two Yards and an Half, or ninety Inches in Circumference, the same shall and may be carried before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate within any Burgh; and the said Justice of the Peace or ma gistrate flaall and may, and are hereby authorised and required, to break, burn and utterly destroy the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Officers herein after named, or any of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times by Day, to enter into all and every Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places made use of for keeping or making any Linen Yarn, and seize and carry away all such Linen Yarn, as they shall then and there find made up contrary to the Direction herein before mentioned, and detain the same till it shall be tried whether such Yarn was made up according to the Directions of this Act; and the same is hereby directed to be tried in the same Way and Manner, and under the same Penalties as herein after directed concerning Linen Cloth seized as made up contrary to the Directions of this Act; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers from entering such Places, or in seizing and carrying away such Linen Yarn, the Person or Persons offending herein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered as is herein after mentioned.

VIII. And for the better Encouragement and Advancement of the Trade, Art or Mystery of weaving and making of Linen Cloth, agreeable to the Directions of this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November no Weaver shall setup for himself, as Master Weaver, until he give Security before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or magi strates, within any Burrough, under such Penalties as the said Justice or Magistrate shall think fit, that neither he, nor any Person or Persons to be employed by him, mall weave any Linen Cloth for Sale, otherwise than according to the Rules and Directions prescribed by this Act; and if any Person or Persons hall setup for him or themselves, as Adafter Weavers, without giving such Security as aforesaid, he or they being duly thereof convicted, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit for every Webb or Piece of Linen Cloth (so wrought or wove by him or them, or any employed by them) the said Webb, Piece or Pieces of Cloth, or the Value thereof, for the Benefit of the Informer, and shall further forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November every Weaver of Linen cjoth of any Kind, shall make all the Warp of every Piece of Linen Cloth, of equal Fineness, and the Woft likewise all of one Fineness, and proportionable to the Warp; and that every Piece of Linen Cloth shall be of equal Fineness and Thickness throughout the whole Piece; and that no Part of the same Piece be coarser or thinner than the other, and that no Weaver shall put Lint yarn and Tow yarn in the same Piece; and if any Weaver shall, from and after the said first Day of November, weave or cause to be weaved, any Piece or Webb of Linen Cloth contrary to the Directions aforesaid, every such Weaver being thereof lawfully convicted, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the Security by him given as aforesaid, or so much thereof as the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, within any Burgh, before whom he shall be convicted, shall think fit to modify and direct, and shall be disabled to carry on his Trade as a Weaver, until he renew his Security in Manner before directed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Weaver shall neglect to weave any Linen Yarn, delivered to him by any Person or Persons, into such Cloth, and within such Time, and in such Manner as was contracted and agreed for, or shall waste, imbezil or damnify, or suffer to be wasted, imbeziled or damnified any Linen Yarn, delivered to him, such Weaver being thereof convicted in such Manner as is hereafter mentioned, shall for every such Offence make good the party's Damage, and shall further forfeit and pay to the Person aggrieved a Sum, not exceeding forty Shillings Sterling, nor iefs than five Shillings Sterling, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XI. And whereas great Prejudice arises to the Linen Manufacture, by reason that the Persons who deal therein, make their Clothes of such Lengths and Breadths, for which there is no great Demand, either at home or abroad; 'For preventing thereof Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November all Linen Cloth of any Kind, that shall be made in Scotland, shall and is hereby directed to be made and measured by the standard Yard wand, and of the several Lengths and Breadths following; viz. each Piece of plain Linen, intended to be whitened, shall be in Breadth, when whitened, full half yard, or full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard, at or

C 26.

63/"'

or full Yard and Eighth, or full Yard and Quarter, or full Yard and Half; and that all Crown or Green Linen, not intended to be whitened, made after the said fxrft Day of November, shall be in Creadth full half yard, or full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard, 01 full Yard and Quarter, or full Yard and Half; and that each Piece of plain Linen Cloth that is whitened, shall contain in Length, at leaf); twelve Yards and an Half; that all striped Linen Cloth shall be in Creadth full three Quarters of a Yard, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard, or full Yard and Eighth, or full Yard and Quarter; and all Sorts of Ticking shall be in Breadth full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven':

Eighths, or full Yard; and all Checks shall be in Breadth full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or: or full Yard, or full Yard and Eighth; and all chequered Handkerchiefs made of Linen only, or of Linen £tid Cotton, or of Cotton only, shall be in Breadth full half yard, or full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, and shall be of the same Length with the Breadth, that they may be square; that all striped, plain, dropped or spotted Muslin, when whitened, shall be in Breadth full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard, or full Yard and Eighth, or full Yard and Quarter, or full Yard and an..half; and that all Cambricks, when whitened, shall be in Breadth full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard, and shall not contain less in Length, in each Piece, than seven Yards and an Half; and all Muffins made for Aprons, when whitened, shall be full Yard and Eighth in Breadth, and the same in Length; and all Muslin Handkerchiefs, when whitened, shall be full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths in Breadth, and the same in Length; and all Muslin for Neckcloths or Cravats shall, when whitened, be in Breadth full half yard, or full five Eighths, and in Length full three.quarters, or full Yard and Half of made Cloth; and all Sorts of Bengals made of Cotton and Linen shall be in Breadth full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard, or full Yard and Sixteenth, or full Yard and Eighth, or full Yard and Quarter; and that each Piece of broad, double or single Dornick or Diaper, made for Table clothes, shall be full two Yards, or full two Yards and Quarter in Breadth; and each Piece of double or single Dornick or Diaper, made for Table napkins or Towelling, shall be in Breadth full Half yard, or full five Eighths, or full three Quarters, or full seven Eighths, or full Yard; and that all dyed Yarn, that shall be wrought into any chequered Linen or Handerchiefs, or Bengals, shall be of a sufficient Dye that will hold in waffling.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons shall offer Stamp matter to -- any Cloth to be inspected and stamped in Manner herein after directed, the stamp master or Lapper that m'ark the jutt shall be appointed for that Purpose, in such Manner as hereafter is mentioned, shall, after inspecting the

Cloth, measure the same, and mark upon each end thereof the just Length or Number of Yards each Piece contains, and shall likewise mark upon each end of the Piece the Breadth of such Piece he shall find upon measuring thereof; and if any Piece, which shall be offered to be stamped as of five Eighths of a Yard broad, comes short of that Breadth in any Part of such Piece, that then the said Piece of Cloth shall be marked as of the next lower Denomination, videlicet, half yard, and so of all the other Breadths herein. mentioned.

XIII. And to the Intent that every Buyer of plain, brown or white Linen Cloth, may the easier discover Wcavtr to run a - and judge of the Goodness, Quality and Value thereof, and may know the exabt Number of Threads in coarse Thread the Breadth or Warp thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said through every fiill Day of November every Weaver shall at the End of every such Piece of Cloth, which he shall. weave thavan^and or cause to be weaved, run or cause to be run, a coarse coloured Thread through every two hundred Threads another through of the Warp, of the said Cloth, so as to distinguish the Number of hundreds of Threads in the Breadth every40thieftis of the said Cloth, and also another coarse coloured Thread as aforesaid within a Quarter of an Inch of the Warp, the former, in like Manner through every forty Threads of the Warp of the said Cloth, so as to distinguish at the Ends, > the Number of Biers or Scores of Threads in the Breadth of the said Cloth; and in case any Weaver shall

omit to weave or cause to be weaved, such Threads as aforesaid, or shall so mark his Cloth with a coloured Thread, as to make it appear to contain more Threads in the Breadth, than it really does, he shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted in Manner after mentioned, forfeit a Sum not more than five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Informer, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIV. And whereas several Persons have of late Years made Use of Lime, Pigeons Dung, Sope dregs,

or other improper Materials for whitening or bleaching of Linen Cloth, to the great Prejudice of such Cloth, and to the Discredit of the Linen Manufacture For preventing such Practices for the Future, penalty for ufir^ -. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November no Lime, Pigeonv Person or Persons shall make Use of any Lime, Pigeons Dung or Sope dregs, for bleaching or whitening Dung, C for any Linen Cloth or Linen Yarn, and that all and every Person and Persons using any Lime, Pigeons Dung bleaching of or Sope dregs, for bleaching or whitening any Linen Cloth or Linen Yarn, shall, being thereof duly con lnen' vibted in such Manner as herein is after mentioned, for every such Offence, forfeit to the Informer the said Linen Cloth or Linen Yarn, so whitened or bleached with Lime, Pigeons Dung or Sope dregs, and shall. also forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling to the Use of the Informer; and in case the Linen Cloth or Linen Yarn, so whitened contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice of Peace or Magistrate within any Borough, before whom such Complaint shall be made, to feta further Fine upon the Offender at his Discretion, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, to be raised and levied, together with the former Penalty of five Pounds, in such Manner as herein is after directed; and the Offender shall also be and is hereby made incapable to bleach or whiten, any Linen Clorh or Linen Yarn, for the Space of two Years after such Conviction as aforesaid.

XV. And whereas the Improvement of the said Linen Manufacture' depends very much upon putting Magistrates may

an end to this pernicious Practice, and in preventing the mixing and selling of damnified Hempfeed or Common Ser Lintseed, '. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for examine" " one oyjnore of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any Magistrate or Magistrates within any Bo themaoa; h.d rough, within their respective Jurisdictions, by a Writing under his or their Hands, to Summon the Servant

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

vant of any Bleacher or Dealer in Hempfeed or Lintseed, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to appear before him or them, and upon his or their Appearance to examine him or them upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered to administer) what such Servants, Person or Persons, know of his or theit Mailer, or of any other Person or Persons using of Lime, Pigeons Dung or Sope dregs, in the Bleaching of Linen Cloth or Linen Yarn, during three Months immediately preceding such Examination, or of their mixing different Parcels of Hempfeed or Lintseed together, or of their Uttering, Vending or Selling, or Exposing or Offering to Sale, Hempfeed or Lintseed as of a different Growth, or as imported from a Pcmlty on Ser different Country from what it really is or was; and in case such Servant, Person or Persons, being so vants not appear summoned, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Summons, such Justice or Justices of the Peace, ingonsum Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough, may issue his or their Warrants to apprehend or bring be

l'lon6, fore him or them such Servant, Person or Persons; and in case he, she or they, shall appear and refuse to

be examined, or answer upon Oath to the Purpose aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the next adjacent Gaol or Tolbooth, there to to remain until he or the submit to be examined as aforesaid, the Person desiring or demanding such Oath to be tendered and administered to such Servant or other Person, first making Oath (if the same shall be required) that he or she believes the Person whom he or she desires may be examined upon Oath, knoweth and can discover some Breach of this present Act committed, in the Matters aforesaid, if such Servant or other Person be obliged to take such Oath: Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, that such Servant or Person shall not forfeit or be liable to any Punishment for any Matter or Thing relating to the Crime which he shall, upon such his Examination, discover.

Psifons appsint

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and ed may enter in for all and every Person and Persons, appointed by the Trustees for improving the Hempen and Flaxen to Bleichyards, Manufactures herein after mentioned, or by any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace or Magistrates within to icarc i. ally Borough, by Writing under his or their Hands, to enter into any Bleachyard, Buckhouse or the Appurtenances or Places thereunto belonging, at any Hour of the Day, and view and search all Places, Rooms, Recives and Boilers therein, and view the Lees, and Refuse, and Dregs thereof; and in case any Lime, Pigeons Dung or Sope dregs, is or has been mixed with such Lees, that the Possessors of such Bleachyard, bleach house or Places thereunto belonging, and all and every Person and Persons working in the said Bleachyard, Buckhouse or Places thereunto belonging, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall incur the several Penalties by this Act inflicted on Persons that make Use of Lime, Pigeons Dung or Sope dregs, in bleaching Linen Cloth or Yarn, to be levied and recovered as those Penalties are severally to be levied and recovered.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constable or Constables, who by Virtue of any Warrant from such Justice of the Peace, and Magistrate within any Borough, shall seize such Cloth or Yarn, bleached with such Lime, Pigeons Durig or Sope dregs, or levy the Value thereof, or the Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall be allowed by the Prosecutor for his Pains, at and after the Rate of two Shillings in the Pound, for what he shall so seize or levy; and if any Constable or Constables neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of any Justice of Peace or Magistrate within any Borough, he or they for every such Offence, being thereof convicted as herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling to the Prosecutor; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person aggrieved to complain thereof to the same Justice or Magistrate within any Borough, or to any other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate aforesaid, who is hereby empowered and required to summon the Person or Persons concerned before him, and summarily to hear and determine the said Complaint, and ifihe a Warrant to any Constable or Constables to levy the said Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, in such Alanuer as is herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And to the End the several Orders and Regulations, made pursuant to this Act, for the Improve

for overseeing" 5 mellt f Linen and Hempen Manufactures may be effectual, and carried into a due and regular exe thelinin and cution. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Ma kempen Trade, jesty, his Heirs and successors, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons resident in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of twenty-one, ro be Trustees for overseeing, directing and better improving the said Linen and Hempen Manufactures, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland., with Power to the said Trustees, or anynumber of them by the said Letters Patents to be determined, to assemble at such Place or Places, and to make such Rules and Orders for the Improvement of the said Manufactures, and for preventing Abuses therein, as they shall think expedient, consistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and with the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

XIX. And for the better Promoting the said Manufacture, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to licence and appoint such fit and proper Persons, in such Places of Scotland, as they shall judge moll convenient, to view, examine, lap up, mark and llamp all such Linen Cloth, as shall be exposed to Sale, as is herein after mentioned, and from Time to Time to direct such Stamp or Stamps to be made Use of, as they shall think proper.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, L hat all Dealers in Linen Cloth, before he,

to carry it to the Ihe or they shall sell or expose to Sale any Linen Cloth (if the lame be white Cloth, as soon as the same Lapper to be is fully whitened and dried) carry the same in the Waterfold of a Yard or half yard in Length, to the

stamped. Place where such Lapper or stamp mailer, so to be named and appointed, shall reside, there to be inspected,

marked, lapped up and stamped by him, in such Manner as is herein after directed; if the said Lapper or stamp mailer shall find such Piece or Pieces of Cloth, so offered to him to be marked, lapped up and llamped, to be of an equal Breadth from one End of the Piece to the other, and to be of equal Fineness and Thickness throughout the whole Piece, and to have two coarse coloured Threads wove in the

End

Constables who shall seize Cloth bleached with Lime, C to have zs ptr Found.

Refusing to execute a Warrant Hull forfeit 5 1.

Trustees msv appoint Persons

r tap upciotli

for Sale.

Dealers in clo*h

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C 26. 633

End of the Piece, as is before directed, and that the Number of Threads in the Warp agrec3 with she Number marked by the said two coloured Threads, and to be wrought and whitened in all Relptfts pursuant to the Rules and Orders for regulating the Linen Manufacture, then, and not ot nerv/il'c, fuel) Person and Persons licensed to be Lappers and stamp matters as aforesaid, fli.dl and may, upon both Ends of each Piece, affix a Seal or Stamp with the Name of the Lapper and County in which he resides, or such other f 'pp"&*Impression as the said Trustees shall from Time to 'Piinc think fit to appoint; and shall likewise upon each st!.tj u end of the Piece mark the Breadth of it, and the exact Number of Yards it contains, and thereafter shall '-'A " lap up the same; for all which such Lapper or stamp matter shall and may demand and take, for each forty Layptr'i Fer, Yards of Linen Cloth not exceeding ten Pence Sterling per Yard in Value, the Sum of one Pcny Sterling and no more; and for each forty Yards of any Linen Cfoth of any Kind, of a higher Value, the Sum of twopence Sterling and no more, and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity; but if he be employed to beetle the same, then he may demand and take one Penny more for each forty Yards of Cloth so beetled by him, and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity; and in case any Dispute shall arise betwixt the stamp master and the Proprietor of any Cloth, offered to be stamped, about the Value thereof, if the Proprietor insist that his Cloth is of no higher Value than ten Pence per Yard, and to have it stamped as of that Price, in that case it shall and may be lawful for such stamp master to buy and take the said Cloth himself, at the Rate of ten Pence per Yard, and to pay the Proprietor for the same at that Rate; otherwise, if the stamp master refuse to take and pay for the Cloth at the Rate of ten Pence per Yard, he shall be obliged to stamp the same as of that Value, provided the Cloth be made according to the Rules and Directions before prescribed by this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall sell or expose Ko ir.cn to be to Sale any Sort of Manufacture made of Linen Yarn, till the same shall! be brought to the said Lapper or sold before it be stamp master, and by him viewed and inspected; and if such Lapper or stamp master shall find that the !rou; llt to the same is made according to the several Rules and Directions in this Act before mentioned, he shall measure, lati>er mark, stamp and lay up the same as before directed, and that within twenty-four Hours at lartheft after the same shall be offered to be inspected, marked and stamped as aforesaid; if any Lapper or Stamp master, Penalty on Lap. to be licensed as aforesaid, shall mark, seal or stamp any Piece or Pieces of Cloth that is not made accor per ° ' ndl, 1E' ding to the several Rules and Directions before mentioned, or shall mark on the same a greater Number of Yards than each Piece containeth in Length, or shall mark the same as of a greater Breadth than ir really is, or commit any other Offence in relation to the Premises, such Lapper or stamp master so offending, being thereof duly convicted in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, shall make good the Damages to the Party who bought the Cloth on the Credit of the Stamp, and shall likewise forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling for every insufficient Piece of Cloth so stamped or wrong marked as aforesaid, for the Use of the Informer and Prosecutor, to be levied in such Manner as is after mentioned, and shall be dismissed from his Office as Lapper or stamp master, and rendered incapable of serving in any such Office for the Future.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall sell, ex Penalty forex pose to Sale or pack up for Sale, Or in order to be sent or carried by Land or Water, or enter for Exporta p sing to Sale tion by Sea any Linen Cloth, not being stamped and marked as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offend t L jthnot (tamping, being thereof duly convicted, as is herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds forcd

each Piece of Cloth so sold, exposed to Sale, or packed up for Sale, or in Order to be sent or carried by Land or Water, or entered for Exportation as aforesaid; said Penalty of five Pounds shall be raised and levied in such Manner as is after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Penalty on the who shall from and after the said first Day of November buy any Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Scot bu)cr land, not being marked and stamped as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Piece of Cloth so bought, the

Sum of five Pounds Sterling, to be paid to the Informer, and levied in the same Manner as the Penalties hereby directed to be levied, upon all and every Person and Persons selling and exposing to Sale any Linen Cloth not duly marked and stamped as aforesaid.

XXIV. And for the more efteftua) Preventing the Selling or Exposing to Sale any Linen not duly marked Persons autho and stamped, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

all and every Person and Persons, duly authorised and empowered by the said Trustees or any five or more j orck>th not of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose, or by a Warrant under the Hand and stamped.

Seal of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any Magistrate within any Borough, to search in the daytime all Warehouses, Shops, Cellars or other Places, where they have reason to suspect or apprehend there are any Piece or Pieces of Cloth not duly marked and stamped as aforesaid; to open any Pack or Packs where they suspect or apprehend any Cloth to be packed up not duly marked and stamped as aforesaid; if any Piece or Pieces of Linen Cloth shall be found not stamped and marked as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons so searching to l'eize and bring the same before the next Justice of Peace, or Magistrate within any Borough, who are hereby empowered and required to declare the same to be forfeited to and for the Use of the Person or Persons making such Seizure, and to impose a Fine or Fines upon the Possessors or Owners of the Warehouse, Cellar or Shop, where such Linen shall be found, or upon the Person or Persons who packed or caused to be packed up such Linen, not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, for the Use of the Informer or Informers, to be levied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXV. An be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall coen Penalty for terfeit any Seal or Stamp made in Pursuance of this Act, he, she or they so counterfeiting tyre same, and counterfeitinb being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, or in the Circuits, shall the umps' buffer and incur the same Pains and Penalties as Persons by the Law of Scotland convicted of Forgery suffer.

C 2 5.

Anno

decimo

tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

Lapper to detain Cloth net merchantable.

Penalty for Jap

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sir ft Day of ping up cloth Novcjnber no Linen Cloth shall be made and lapped up for Sale when it is wet or damp, nor with any Chalk, ch'l°kf Te Dust or Flour, and that all and every Person or Persons who shall make up or lap up Linen Cloth for Sale, when it is wet or damp, cr shall make up any Linen Cloth with any Chalk, Dust or Flour, shall, being thereof convicted in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, forfeit every such Piece of Cloth for the Benefit of the Informer.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Piece of Linen Cloth or any Sort of Manufacture made of Linen Yarn, shall be brought to any Lapper or stamp mailer so licensed as aforesaid, in Order to be inspected and stamped as aforesaid, and if such Lapper or stainp master shall he of Opinion and think the same is not sufficient merchantable Cloth, and made according to the Rules before prescribed, in that case it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Lapper and stamp master to detain the same, till such time as it may be tried and determined how far the same is proper to be marked and stamped; that every such Lapper and stamp master shall be obliged, and is hereby required and directed, upon Request made to him by the Owner or Owners of the said Cloth, within twenty-four Hours at farthest, after such Cloth shall be so seized and detained, to apply to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to any Magistrate within any Borough within their respective Jurisdictions; and that fu.'b Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate shall, and he and they are hereby directed and impowered

Two fit Persons forthwith to direct two or more fit and proper Persons conversant and killed in such Manufacture to inrpebl to report their and view the Cloth so seized and detained, and upon Oath, which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the on'on'oat^16" Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered and required to admitiifter, to report their u "j1'Opinion of the said Cloth; and if such Persons so appointed shall, upon Oath to be administered as aforesaid,

report to such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid, that the said Cloth is not sufficient merchantable Cloth, nor made according to the Laws for regulating the same, the said Cloth shall be adjudged forfeited, and cut into several Pieces, as is herein after mentioned, and delivered to the stamp master or Lapper for his own Use, and the Owner or Owners thereof shall forfeit and incur the Penalties in and by this Act before laid and imposed upon such Persons, as nail make Cloth contrary to the Rules herein before prescribed; but if the Lid Persons so to be named as aforesaid shall report that the Cloth is duly and regularly made as it ought to be, then and in such Case the said Lapper or stamp master shall be obliged and is hereby required forthwith to mark, stamp and lap up the same in such Manner as is herein before directed, and that without taking any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for so doing; anything in this or any former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough, shall condemn or adjudge any Linen Cloth, brought before him or them, to be forfeited, for not being made according to the Law in that Case made and provided, such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, before he or they shall deliver the same to the Informer, shall and may order and cause such Cloth to be cut and severed into several Parts and Pieces, and that none of the said Parts or Pieces do exceed six Yards in Length.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Names to oth said Trustees so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, to give such particular Names or

Sorts ent Denominations as they shall think proper, to the several Pieces of Cloth of different Sorts, Breadths and

Lengths, so as that they may by such Names be eafiiy distinguished of what Sort, Length and Breadth they are; and it shall and may be lawful to all and every Person and Persons selling or expoiing any Linen Cloth to Sale, to affix a Label of Parchment to each Piece of Cloth, containing the Name of the particular Species of the Cloth, with the Length and Breadth thereof.

Trader may

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be weave his Name lawful to and for every Trader, Dealer and Weaver of Linen Manufacture, to weave his Name, or six entire cloth, some known Mark in any Piece of Linen Manufacture by him made, if he shall so think fit; and if any other Person or Persons shall counterfeit such Mark or Name, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the

Oath of one or more crebible Witness or Witnesses before any two or more Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates within any Borough, he shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for the Use of the Person, whose Mark shall be so counterfeited, to be raised, levied and paid in such Manner as is herein after men k. tioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this act (except the Counterfeiting the Stamps or the Marks of the private Dealers or Weaves) shall be heard and determined by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough, within their respective Jurisdictions, who upon Complaint to him or them made shall, upon Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath they are respectively hereby empowered to administer, adjudge and determine the same, and issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to any one or more of the constables or Officers of the said County, City, Borough or Town, requiring and impowering him or them to poynd and distrenzie according to the Prablice of the Law of Scotland in Cases of Poynding, so much of the offender's Goods and Gear, as will falisfy the several Penalties incurred and forfeited, which Warrant for Poynding shall not be stopped or lifted by any Suspension, Sift or other Process whatsoever, except an Appeal entered in Manner after mentioned; which said Penalty and Penalties, when so levied as aforesaid, shall belong and be paid to the Informer, first dedubling out of the said Penalties the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound, to be paid to the Constable or Officer for executing such Warrant; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found, that then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough, by Warrant under his or their hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, or next Gaol or Tollbooth, for so long Time as such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates shall think proper, not exceeding one Year in the whole.

Magistrates condemning clo^h to be forfeited, ro order it to be tut.

Trustees to give

Penalty for counterfeiting another's Mar How Offences against this Act shall be heard.

A.

D.

1726.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C. 27, 28. 635

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence or Determination of such Justice a fti iticcs of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, it shall and may be lawful to and for Inch Pet Ion and Persons so aggrieved, immediately after Sentence is pronounced against him, her or them, to enter his, her or their Appeal in Presence of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, from the said Sentence, to the Determination of the Justices of the Peace of the said County or Borough, at their next General Quarter sessions, that shall be held for the said County or Borough, of which Appeal the find Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, are hereby appointed to make a Minute, and by Warrant under his or their Hands to flop Execution of the Sentence lo appealed from, until the End of the next Quarter sessions as aforesaid; and the said Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions are hereby im powered and required to proceed upon, and to hear and finally to determine in the fid 1 Appeal, and if they give Judgement against: the Appellant, to Decree him to pay the full Colds of the Appeal, and further to pay a Fine not exceeding double the Penalty for which the original Sentence was given.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates within any Borough, shall neglect or refuse to execute the Powers and Authorities of this Act, or shall not put the same in Execution, according to the true intent and Meaning thereof (to the Discouragement of the Linen Manufacture), such Neglect or Refusal, or Malversation shall he, and be taken to be a Point of Dittay, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or Persons aggrieved thereby, with the Approbation of the Trustees to be appointed by his majesty as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, to be signified in a Certificate under their Hands, to prosecute the f ii.l Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, before the Lords of the Judiciary at Edinburgh, or in their Circuits, for the District within which the Offence was committed; and if the said Justice or Justices of Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates shall be thereupon convicted of such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords of Judiciary at Edinburgh, or in their Circuits, to feta Fine on such offending Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates, not exceeding one hundred Pounds Sterling.

t Q 1

ic Gm, al'

Penalty on g»(ir.rc5 roi executing th Powers of their Ac'. See 10 Ann. C z i. 12 Am.

Sc; t C C 2c. 24 Geo. 2. c. 31.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned, relating to Copper Bars exported, and for better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; and for searching Drugs and Compositions for Medicines.

'I. WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring,' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[epufe rciatius

That the Clause contained in an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of the late to Copper Ban King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited exported, con. Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported, and which Clause (after fr I Expiration thereof) was by an Act of the twelfth Year of her late majesty's Reign revived and continued tv, for fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the Pro zs. tz Ann. viso in the said last Act contained, being in the Words following, that is to say, Provided nevertheless, and stat ic. is. be it enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as hath been, or shall ss Geo. 2. c.^;. be imported from the East indies, and the Coast of Barbary, only, shall be and are hereby continued from the ft G, eo; 2, C W Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then yfl C !a'! "next Session of Parliament. ft 23.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of his Ma Bankru ts jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, which Act was to con", mud for" continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty sixth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six one Year, C teen, and from thence to the End of '.he then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act: made s Geo. 1. c. 14. in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign was continued for one Year and from thence to the End ofexp

the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and 11 Geo. during the Space of one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the tenth Year of his for pearcl1' Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching and examining all Drugs, Medicines, tfaters, contpiu^so^' Oils, Compositions used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept three Years, C for that Purpose, within the City t London, ami Suburbs thereof, \ or within seven Miles Circuit of the said iogco. ic. City, which was to be in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the Crown 3 and for determining such Claims on the said Estates as having been duly entered remain undetermined.

I. 11 7 here AS by an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 1 Geo. i.statr appointing of to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and 2. C 50.

of Estates given to fnperflitisus Uses, in order to raise Money out of them fever alh, for the Use of the Public,

636

C 28.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

all and every the Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, Meflhages, Lands, Tenements, and all other iflate Real and Personal whatsoever within Great Britain or Ireland or elsewhere, whereof any Personor Persons, who since the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen had been at tainted, dr before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen should be at tainted by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, for High Treason committed before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, within Great Britain or e'lfewhere, was, were, or should have been seized or possessed of, or interested in, or imitled unto, on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or at any Time afterwards, in his, her or their own Right, were vested in his Majesty, for the Use of the Public; and to the Intent that the same, and the Rents and Profits thereof, might be known and disposed of for the Use of the Public, and that the several Debts and In ' cumbrances affecting the same might be discovered and made good to the lawful Creditors and Claimants,

certain Commissioners in the Act named were appointed to inquire of the Estates so vested in his Majesty,

and to receive the Claims of all Persons who, within a Time limited by the said Act, should exhibit their Claim to any Debt, Encumbrance or Interest whatsoever affehirg the Premises: And whereas by another Ge, j, C 8. 1 AH Passed 'n the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act forvejling the forfeited estates in Great Brit?.in and Ireland in prujlces, to be sold for thclfe of the Public, and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors,

by determining Claims; and for the; more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequer, the Rents and Profits of the J, hid estates till sold, all and every the said Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and other Kfiate Real and Personal whatsoever, which by the aforesaid AH flood vested in his Majesty, were vested in the Commissioners and Trustees named in the said Act, and the said Commissioners and Trustees were empowered and required, to sell and dispose of the same for the Use of the Public, in the Manner and by the Rules in the said Act particularly described; and the said Commissioners and True flees were further empowered and required to hear and determine all Claims lawfully entered with them, on,

out of or concerning any of the forfeited Estates so vested in them; and the Judgments and Determinations by them to be given on such Claims were to be final, unless an Appeal should be entered with the said Commissioner and Trustees against such Judgement or Determination, within twenty Days after the making thereof; in which Case the said Commissioners and Trustees were required to transmit the said Appeal to a*Court of Delegates, whom by the said Act his Majesty was empowered to authorise and appoint for hear ing and determining all Appeals made from the Judgments of the said Commissioners and Trustees, in the Manner and by the Rules particularly mentioned in the said Act: And whereas by a Clause in an Act 0 Geo. 1. c. 19. C Puffed in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties for the Encouragetnent of the Coinage of Moneys, and other Purposes therein mentioned, the Powers and Authorities for hearing and de 5 Geo. 1. c. 21. ' termin of the Claims on the forfeited Estates, which by two ahs of Parliament passed in the fifth and 7 Geo. i.stat. ' seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, were continued to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven ic. ' hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, with respeh to

the Commissioners and Trustees ahing in Scotland, were enlarged and continued to the twenty sixth Day of 5 March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; and the Powers granted to his Majesty for appoint ing Courts of Delegates to determine Claims and Cases of Appeals from the said Commissioners and True flees, and respehing such Court of Delegates in Scotland only, were enlarged and continued to the twenty ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four: And whereas by another Clause in the said Act last mentioned it is declared that the forfeited Estates in Scotland, by any former Act or ahs of Parliament vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees, which on the twenty sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four should remain unsold, shall be thereby divested out of the said Commissioner and Trustees, and vested in the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for the Use of the Public; and whereas on the said twenty sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four certain of the said forfeited Estates remained unsold, which are now revelled in his Majesty for the Use of the Public, and certain Appeals taken against the Judgments and Determinations of the said Commissioners and Trustees remaining undecided, the Term limited for the Decision of the Court of Delegates having expired before they could regularly hear and determine those Appeals, ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem sjrons of Ex poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the chequer in Scot Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or any three of them, shall and are hereby im jand to sell the powered and required to expose to Sale, and to sell to the highest Bidder, the said forfeited Estates, and eve forfeited Estates ry Part of them, in the same Manner, and according to the same Rules that the said Commissioners and fames rules'°e auft2es were to ah under, and to apply the Rents and Profits of the said Estates till sold, and the Produce the Commission of then when sold, in the same Manner that the said Commissioners and Trustees were obliged and direhed cers were to act. to apply the same; and to do every other Matter and Thing in respeh to the Sale of the said Estates, and the appointing Receivers or Stewards on such Estates till sold, in such Manner and Form, and according to such Rules, as the said Commissioners and Trustees were empowered to do.

---

"Barons to call before them Purchasers who have not paid the full Price. Penalty on Purchaser not paying. Barons to execute Indentures of Bargain and Sale, &c. His Majesty may appoint a Court of Delegates to hear Appeals. All Books, &c. lodged with the Commissioners, to be delivered into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the Books of the former Delegates to the new ones. Claim determined by the Delegates for Money, to be paid out of the forfeited Estates in the first Place. The Estates subject to the feu Duties to the Crown. The Net Money to be applied as by Act of Parliament is directed. Company of York buildings not to be prejudiced. Tenants of the late Earl of Seaforth acquitted from all Rents from 24 June 1715, till 15 May 1725."

EXP.

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C. 29. 637

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons on board the Fleet, or beyond the Seas in his Majesty's Service, to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of Offices and Employments, and for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves within the Time limited for that Purpose, and for the better ascertaining such Time.

WHEREAS divers of his Majesty's faithful Subjects now are and may hereafter be on board the Fleet, and in several Countries and Places beyond the Seas in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at such Times as it may please his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, out of his or their Royal Grace and Benevolence, to reward the Services of such his Subjects with Offices, Places and Preferments, in Consequence of which such Officers or Persons so preferred will, according to the Laws now in Being, be obliged to receive the Sacrament, and take and subscribe the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration directed by the Laws now in Force to be received, taken, made and subscribed, within the respective Times limited for that Purpose; the receiving, taking, making and subscribing whereof, within such Times may, by reason of the great Distance of such Persons from the Kingdom of Great Britain, be impracticable: And whereas divers others of his Majesty's Subjects zealously affected to his Person and Government, and the Protestant Succession in his Royal House, have, through Ignorance of the Law, or unavoidable Accidents, been prevented from receiving the Sacrament, and taking the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration within the Times limited for that Purpose, and by Means thereof are in Danger of incurring divers Penalties and Disabilities;' Now for the making due Provisions, that such of his Majesty's Subjects, as are or shall be on board the Fleet, or beyond the Seas in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may not incur the Penalties aforesaid, by reason of their Continuance in such Service, and for quieting the Minds of others his Majesty's faithful Subjects, and preventing any Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omissions, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Further Time allowed for Persons on board the Fleet, or beyond Sea. 25 Car. 2. c. 2. 1 Geo. 1. c. 13.]

That nothing contained in one Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, nor in one other Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Person or Persons, who upon the seventeenth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six, or at any Time after, was, were or shall be on board the Fleet of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in his or their Service beyond the Seas at such Time or Times, as any Office or Offices, Place or Places, Preferment or Preferments, Employment or Employments, Pay, Salary, Fee or Wages, was, were or shall be granted, given or conferred to or upon him or them, and who by Virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, ought to receive the Sacrament, or take the said Oaths in the last mentioned Act contained, and make and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned, in respect of any such Office, Place Preferment, Employment, Pay, Salary, Fee or Wages so granted, given or conferred, or to be granted, given or conferred as aforesaid,

[So as they qualify themselves in three Calendar Months after their Return.]

so as such Person or Persons do, within three Calendar Months next after his or their Return into Great Britain, receive the said Sacrament, take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration respectively, as the Case shall require, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place and Places, as in and by the before mentioned Acts respectively is directed and appointed.

‘All Persons heretofore on board the Fleet, or beyond Sea, indemnified. They are to receive the Sacrament before the last Day of Michaelmas Term 1727.’

EXP.

[By three Months is to be understood three Kalendar Months. Skin. 314.]

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Space of three Months, in and by the said Acts herein before particularly mentioned, or either of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, limited for receiving the said Sacrament, taking and subscribing the said Oaths, or making and subscribing the said Declaration, was meant and intended, and shall be construed, deemed and taken to be three Kalendar Month, and that the same ought at all Times to have been so construed, deemed and taken.

[Not to restore to an Office actually avoided.]

V. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend, to restore or intitle any Person or Persons to any Office, Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of his Majesty's , Courts of Record, or already filled up or enjoyed by another Person, but that such Office, Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing so avoided or filled up, or enjoyed as aforesaid, shall be and remain in and unto the Person or Persons who is or are now intitled by Law to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

[Officers not qualifying themselves in the Time limited, liable to Disabilities, &c.]

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen that any such Officer or Person now or hereafter being on board the Fleet, or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, beyond the Seas as aforesaid, or in case any of his Majesty's Subjects, who have omitted to receive the Sacrament, and take and subscribe the Oath, and make and subscribe the Declaration, as by the said Acts they ought to have done (except all such Persons who at any Time heretofore were on board the Fleet of his Majesty, or of any of his Predecessors, or in his or their Service beyond the Seas, at the Time any Office, Imployment, Pay or Salary was granted to them, and who, within three Kalendar Months after their Return into Great Britain , did receive the said Sacrament, take and subscribe

638 C. 30. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration respectively as aforesaid) shall make Default in so doing, within the Times, and according to the Directions in and by this Act limited and appointed, then every such Person so making Default shall be liable unto and incur all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Forfeitures and Penalties, as in and by the said recited Acts or either of them are respectively provided and inflicted for not receiving the Sacrament, or not taking and subscribing the said Oaths, or not making and subscribing the said Declaration.

[Executing any Office after Default liable to the Acts 25 Car. 2. c. 2. and 1 Geo. 1. c. 13.]

VII. And in case of executing any such Office, Place or Imployment after such Default, every such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted in such Manner as by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or the said Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign is respectively directed, shall be liable unto, and incur all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Forfeitures and Penalties, as in and by the said respective Acts are in the like Case provided and inflicted.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by the fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Union it is provided that two thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Space of seven Years, should be applied towards encouraging and promoting the Manufacture of coarse Wool within those Shires of Scotland, which produce the Wool,

---

and that the nrft two thousand Pounds should be paid at Martinmass then next, and so yearly at Martinmass, during the j Geo. 1. c. 20. ' Time aforesaid: whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for settling certain yearly Funds, payable out of the Revenue of Scotland, to satisfy public Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union; and to discharge the Equivalent claimed in behalf of Scotland, in the Terms of the same Treaty, and for obviating all future Disputes, Charges and Expenses, concerning those Equivalents, It is amongst other Things provided. That yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to

begin from the Feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, the full

Sum of two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain should be one yearly Fund, payable at the four moil usual Feasts of the Year, that is to say, the feast of St. Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, and the feast of the Nativity of St. John Baptist, the fitfl Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feast of st. Midael the Archangel in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, to be charged upon and paid out of the Moneys arisen and to arise, from Time to Time, of or for any of the Customs, Duties, Excises or Revenues that are or shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of the excise in Scotland, after the Payments therein directed to be made, and subject to Redemption by Parliament, upon Payment of the full Sum of forty thousand Pounds, and of all Arrears of the said Annuity, if any such be, in such Manner as is more particularly mentioned in the said Ail, to be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most con duce to the general Good of the united Kingdom, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said fifteenth Article of the said Treaty of Union, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever which said Annuity hath not hitherto been paid or applied to the Purposes for which the same was intended: And j i Gcc. 2. C 4. 4 whereas by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six. It is amongst other Things provided,

That if the Rate of threepence per Bushel, charged upon Malt to be made in Scotland, should produce a 4 greater Sum than the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, clear of all Charges of Management, the Surplusage so produced, over and above the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, should be wholly applied to wards the encouraging and promoting the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the united Kingdom, and to no other Use, In ent or Purpose whatsoever, in such Manner as should thereafter be settled and directed by parliamentto the End therefore that thcle several Funds and Sums of Money, and any other Fund or Sum of Money, that may arise, grow due, or be provided and become payable for the Advancement and Improvement of Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain passed Scotland, may be regularly applied for the said Purposes; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority own b Let same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters

terspatrms to Patents under the Great Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in Place of the Great itttle a meti.od, Seal thereof, to lay down, settle and tfhblish a particular Plan or Method, and to six and direct proper ani direct Rules Rules and Regulations, whereby the several Funds and Sums of Money aforesaid, already provided and for the Funds grown due, or which hereafter shall be provided and grown due, for the Improvement and Encouragement pruvided for Im ]?j{hery anc[ Manufactures in that Patt of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be wholly applied, laid out Scotland distributed, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said fifteenth Article of the Treaty of jaad. Union, and for the Improvement of Fisheries, and such other Manufactures in Scotland as may most con -

duce to the general Good of the united Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; Plan and Method of Distribution final! continue and endure, and be a full Authority for applying the Moneys in the Manner therein to be directed, till the same shall be altered or varied in the Manner herein after expressed.

Crown to audio T j. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his

nzccomnui Majesty, his Heirs and successors, by Letters Patents under the Seal aforesaid, to appoint, name and au finuers for mo thorize

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. C. 31 — 33* 639

Num n.ic'nf llic / p

ihtfe

I thorize any Number of Persons refiant in that Part of Great Brtain called Scotland, not exceeding th j ber of twenty-one, to be Trustees and Commissioners for managing and directing the Application of the plicanono, j said Sums, according to the Plan or Method that shall be settled and established as aforesaid, and for cxecu lun "5, ting the several Powers and Authorities which by the said Letters Patents shall to them be committed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Suceeflots.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Receiver Cons majesty, his Heirs and Sueeefl ors, to appoint the receiver-general of the Crown Rents and Casualties in r cfihei' mn Scotland to be the Cashier for the said Commissioners and Trustees, for receiving the several Sums of ivloncy nbc generally and particularly abovementioned, and for paying out the same to and by the Order of the said'1'Commissioners and Trustees, for the Purposes and according to the particular Regulations that shall be efta

blished by his Majesty, his Heirs and sueeefl ors, in the said Letters Patents.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being and Treasury to ortho Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and the of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Sueeefl ors, for the Time being, shall, and they are respectively hereby empowered and required ro issue ': iq

their Warrants and Orders to the proper Persons, for making Payment of all and every the Sums of Money y.n crv, 10 ihc particularly and generally abovementioned, due and payable, or that shall fall due and become payable c>ihier without hereafter, for encouraging and promoting Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, as the same shall severally i'tc become due, according to the diredpon of the Acts abovementioned, to the said receiver-general of the 5 Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland, without Fee or Reward, to be by him answered and issued in like

Manner, without Fee or Reward, to and by the Order of the said Commissioners and Trustees, pursuant to such Directions as shall be given in that Behalf by the said Letters Patents.

V. Provided always, That the said Commissioners and Trustees shall, annually and each Year, at the Commissioners

Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ, make up a faithful and exact Account of the Moneys received and, 0*0 j't at issued by their Orders, together with a full and true Report of the State of the Funds committed to and c'

under their Management, and of their Proceedings in the Execution of their Trust, which they shall, within the Space of thirty Days, lay before his Majesty, his Heirs or Sueeefl ors; and also shall, within the like

Space of thirty Days, lay true Copies of the said Accounts and Report before the annual Committee of the Convention of the Royal Burroughs of Scotland, that they may peruse and examine the same, and lay before his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, such Observations as they shall make thereon.

VI. And whereas Experience may discover diverse Improvements Ft to be made upon the Plan or Me ' thod to be settled and established by his Majesty as aforesaid; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees, annually and Commissioners each Year, at the said Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ, to propose and lay before his Majesty, his yearly at Ohrift heirs and sueeefl ors, such Alterations and Additions as to them shall seem necessary or expedient, for im ^jjbci°, re proving or amending the Plan or Method for the Time being established for encouraging the said Fisheries [mons for inland Manufactures; and if the said Alterations or Additions shall seem necessary or expedient to his Ma provine the jesty, his Heirs or Sueeefl ors, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Sueeefl ors, ri/hetj. by Letters Patents under the Sea] aforesaid, to alter the Plan or Method for the Time being, and to Settle and establish a new one, upon the Representation of the Commissioners and Trustees as abovementioned, See sin hr which shall continue and endure, and be in Force, until it shall be altered or varied by his Majesty, his «. 2.

Heirs and Sueeefl ors, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners and Trustees, in Manner abovementioned.

Cap. xxxr.

An act for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead

Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks.

PR.

The Toll took Place 1 June 1727, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford, to

ivandsford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon.

PR.

The Toll took Place the 24th of June 1727, and is to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 14 Geo. 2. C ' Amended by 13. and 24 Geo. 2. c. 59.] 7 eo. 2. C 29p

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Oitze in the County of York.

PR.

6 A hier as the ancient City of York hath been and is yet considerable for its Trade both at home

and abroad, and as well the said City and County of the same City, as the Country adjoining upon or near upon the River Otize in the County of York, hath been much relieved, maintained and supperted by the said River, which of late Years in diverse Places hath been filled, ehoaked and stopped up with Sands and other Obstructions, that Ships, Pinks, Keels, Boats, Lighters and other Vessels cannot, with out great Hazard and Difficulty, eome up to the said City as in Times past, which is not only detrimental to Trade and the public Good, and prejudicial to the said City, but to al Traders thereto, and to the

Owners and Occupiers near thereunto, and will be yet more injurious to them, if some speedy Remedy or Course be not taken and provided for repairing, amending and making the said Priver more navigable and paflablefor Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that the said River, as well for the Good of the Public in general, and of the Inhabitants of the said City, as also of such as shall trade and pass thither

and

640 C 34. Anno decimo tertio Georgii Regis. A.D. 1726.

and from thence with Merchandizes, may be effectva ly repaired, amended, maintained and improved; Be it enacted, sv.

Trustees appointed for making navigable the River Ouze. Trustees to compound with Owners for Da "Commissioners appointed for settling Differences between Trustees and others. Commissioners "may mediate between Trustees and others. May cause a Jury to be impanelled, to affds Damages. On Payment of the Money assessed, Trustees may proceed to work. New Cuts to be supported for ever, by the Trustees. On Deaths, cof Commissioners, others shall be chosen. It shall be lawful for seven "with the Concurrence of seven Trustees, to lay Tolls on Merchandizes carried on the River above Wharf Mouth, except Straw, Manure, Dung, Compost or Lime used in Tillage, and ex "Materials made use of in the Works, not exceeding 6 d. for every Tonne of Salt, Lead, Hams and "Sides, Tow, old Glass, Timber, Coals, Corn, Seeds, Flour, Turfs, Cases, Chests of Glass, Dutch "Tiles, Earthenware, Butter, Flax and Hemp, and not exceeding i s. for every Tonne of Iron, Steel and wrought Iron Ware, and not exceeding 2 s. CL for every 'Ion of Wines and Groceries; and not exceeding Sd. for other Goods. Watermen may tow up their Vessels on the Banks. Trustees to setup Bridges and Conveniences, for Owners to come at their Lands. Matter answerable for his Vessel and Crew. Land Owners near the River may keep Pleasure boats. Commissioners not to settle Damages "otherwise than by Verdict of a Jury. Throwing Dirt into the River forfeits; s. In case of Difference "abbut the Weight of Goods, Matter on Oath may ascertain it, or the Collectors may weigh the Goods. Trustees may engage the Profits of the Toll for Security for Money to be borrowed. As soon as fuift cient Money shall be raised for the Uses of the Act, Lie. Commissioners may moderate the Duties. Commissioners may annually settle the Carriage of Goods. Undertakers for the River Dun may cut a Chan nel into the River Ouze. They may take 3 d. per Tonne for Goods, above the other Duties. Commissioners of Sewers for the Level of Hatfield Chase, their Powers saved.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, an Act for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg in the County of Hereford, and for making the same more effectual.

PR.

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for makingjhe Rivers Wye and Lugg, and the Rivers and Brooks run ning into the same, in the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester and Monmouth, navigable, Sir William Sandys,

Knt. Windsor Sandys, Esquire, and Henry Sandys, their Heirs and Assigns, were empowered upon the 4 i erms and under the Provisoes in the said Act mentioned, to make the said Rivers navigable; but the said Sir William Sandys, jvindfir Sandys and Henry Sandys, having not done anything to the River Lugg, and what Work was done on the River Wye, being performed very (lightly, all the Powers, Authorities, Pri vileges, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever, given and granted to them the said Undertakers, by Virtue of the said recited Act, by an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg in the County of Hereford, were vetted in the several Trustees therein named, with several other Powers and Authori ties in the said last recited Act mentioned; and whereas most Part of the Trustees named in and by the said last recited Act are dead, and no Provision made by the said Act for filling up the Room or Place of any Trustee or Trustees dying, by taking in the Heir or Heirs of the deceased Trustees, or otherwise, ' whereby the Number of Trustees is reduced to a few, and the due Execution of the Powers of the said recited Acts have been very much hundred and obstructed, and will soon become impracticable, unless some timely Means be appliedfor the Remedy of the said Inconveniences and Defects, and for the better and more effectual accomplishing of the Ends and Designs intended for the Good and Service of the Publicie by the said recited Acts, Be it therefore enacted, He.

Trustees for putting this and the two former Acts in Execution. All the powers in the former Acts vest "in them. New Trustees on Deaths shall be elected, Trustees may summon Persons to account on

Oath for Moneys, lie. in their Planets. Trustees may summon Persons to give Evidence. All Papers, Vouchers, lie. to be delivered up to the Trustees. On Refusal Trustees have their Action at Law, and treble Costs. AH the Money, lie. acquired by the Act 7 Cf 8 W. 3. and by this Act, shall be applied in such Proportions as prescribed by that Act, viz. so much as is unapplied, and allotted to the River Wye, to be paid over to Persons nominated by the Trustees for the River I Aye, and the other Part unapplied 4t and allotted to the River Lugg, shall be paid over to Persons nominated by the Trustees for the River Lugg. Trustees to repay to the Inhabitants of Hampton Bishop 70 /. for their Expense in building Harnp tonne Meadow Bridge. The Trustees may agree with Owners of Lands near the River, about Wears and Mills. Owners not agreeing, a Jury to be impanelled, to assess Damages and Recompense. No Owners of Wears or Mills to lay Nets to destroy the Salmon in Wye, on Pain of 100l. The Profits of Mills or Wears hall he paid to the separate r eceivers. Every boat master answerable for Damage done by his f4 Boat or Crew."

C 35. 641

A.D. 1726. Anno decimo t&rtio Georgii Regis.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for establishing a certain Provision for maintaining the Cerate of the parish of Saint Katherine Cr. e church, alias Chrifi church, London, and for repairing and supporting the Chancel of the said Parish Church.

PR.

WHEREAS the Master and Fellows of Magdalen College in the University of Cambridge, being seized 6 W in Fee to them ami their Successors, of and in the Impropriate Rectory and Tithes of the Parish of Saint Katherine Cree church, alias Christ church, in the City of London, did, by Indenture under their Common Seal, dated the seven and twentieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four (for the Cotisiderations therein mentioned) demise thef wc to Jerome Knapp. Cr ' tizen and Habcrdamcr of London, for the Term of ten Years, to commence from the featf day of the An act' mmciation of the blelted Virgin Mary next ensuing the Date of the said Demise, at and under the Rent and Covenants therein mentioned; and whereas for the determining of Disputes and Differences which have arisen concerning the said Tithes, and for making certain Provisions for Maintenance of the Curate of the said Parish, from Time to Time, and for repairing and supporting the Chancel of the said Parish Church, ' the said Master and Fellows of Magdalen College aforesaid, the said Jerome Knapp, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, have come to an Agreement, which they are desirous may be rendered effcirual by Authority of Parliament: 'At their humble Suit and Requell; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"of Katherine Cree church to pay to Jerome Knapp, during his Lease, and afterwards to the "Master, rac. of Magdalen College in Cambridge, 150 I. per Ann. clear of Taxes, in Lieu of Tithes, Lfc. "Churchwardens and Vestry to make an Assessment by a Pound rate. Collector refusing to add may be "fined, not exceeding 10 /. by the Vestry. Collector exempted from serving as Overseer or Collector for "the Poor. Collector to account quarterly for overplus Moneys. Persons refuting to pay the Assessment, "Collector to distrain. Deficiency to be made goodbye Reaflcflments. Parishioners to repair the Chancel, "and have all Profits of Burials, C; /. per Ann. to be paid to the officiating Curate for 10 Years, and "afterwards 70 /. per Ann. Curate to have the Surplice Fees."

Anno primo GEORGII Secundi.

STATUTES made at the Parliament begun and held at jvejl jninjlerxxio. ninth Day of gbober Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, in the ninth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord GEORGE the First, by the Grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twenty seventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and w i? there

J cord is added,

twenty seven, (a) being the nxth Session of this present Parliament."£fijjiliyear

GEORGE tha Second, and further continued

and of the Honour and Dignity of> Aajoum

°'meats till the

dill, __*fsventeenth

Day of July

May it please your most Excellent Majesty:

by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign i Geo. i.

Lord King George the First (of glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Suit. i. C i.

Majesty's Hoajhold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, it was amongst other Things enabled. That the Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, which had been granted to his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by an Add made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, entitled, 12 Car. z. C 13. ' A Grant of certain hnpositions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for the Inrceafe of his Majesty's Revenues eluring his Life, and which were granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (ofaw. & M.

blessed Memory) by an Add made in the second Year of their Reign, for their Lives an the Life of the Stat. X C 3.

Survivor of them (a certain Duty of sixpence for every Barrel of Vinegar Beer granted by the same Adds excepted) and also a Duty of sixpence, Part of a Duty of eight Shillings, which was granted to his said late Majesty King William, for and upon every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer or Liquor preparing for

C A?. I.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household

the Crown of Great Brit

642

jo W, 3. C 21.

9 V 3., C 23.

1 Anri. Sut. 1.

C

'From 11 June 1727, the Duties of Excise, granted for h*.s late Majesty's Life, continued during his present Majesty's Life.

Exception.

The further Subsidy of tun nage and Pound hge continued.

C 1,

Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 1,

A.D. 1727.

Vinegar, which fnotild be brewed or made of any english.') Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, k>r Sale, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, by an Act made in the tenth Year of his Reign, and likewise the further Subsidy of tannage and/poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, which had been granted to his laid late Majesty King William for his Life, by an Act made in the ninth Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of fun nage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of his Majesty's Houjheld, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, should be levied, collected and paid to his said late Majesty King George the First, for and during the Term of his natural Life; and in and by the said Act of the sir If Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, it was enacted and declared, That the hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, 1 which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles these cond, and the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, which had been granted to the late queen Anne, by an Act. of the first Year of her Reign, for her Life (subject nevertheless to the Incum brances in that Act mentioned] and the Moneys arising by the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Pound age, and other Duties thereby granted, and the Revenue arising in the General Letter office or post oihce, ' or Office of Postmaster General, and the foiall Branches of his Majesty's Revenues therein particularly described or mentioned, should be for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dig 4 nity of the Crown, as by the said Act of the first Year of his said late majesty's Reign (relation being thereunto bad) may more fully appear: Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deilrous that a competent Revenue for defraying the Expenses of your majesty's Civil Government, and better supporting the Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain during your Life (which God long preserve) may be settled on your Majesty, and that your Majesty may be enabled to make an honourable Provision for your Royal Family, as a Testimony of our un feigned Affection to your sacred Person, of whose great Goodness and princely Qua'ifications we have had very manytestimonies, and by whose happy Accession to the Throne, your majesty's Subjects have a Pro spect, that the Religion, Laws and Liberties of this Realm will be continued, and that they your said Subjects and their Posterity, may, through the divine Goodness, enjoy a long Tranquillity under your majesty's 4 auspicious Reign, have therefore freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant, and do by this Act give and grant to you, our most gracious Sovereign Lord King George the Second, the several Rates, Duties, Impositions and Charges herein after mentioned, during your majesty's Life And do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, for and during the Term of the natural Life of his Majesty King George the Second (whom God long preserve) the said Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, granted to his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, by the said Act made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, entitled, A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majests Revenue during his Life, and which were granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by the said Act made in the second Year of their Reign, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and which were continued to her laid late Majesty (Lien Anne, by the said Act of the first Year of her Reign, for her Life; and which were continued to his laid late Majesty kinggrorge the First, bythcsaidaft of the first Year of hisreign, for his Life, (other than and except the said Duty of sixpence for every Barrel of Vinegar Beer before mentioned to have been formerly excepted) and also the said Duty of sixpence, Part of the said Duty of eight Shillings, for every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made of any English or foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for Sale; and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quan ity, imposed by the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to our said Sovereign Lord King George the Second, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and with such Allowances as are mentioned and expressed in the before mentioned Acts, or any of them, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to the Revenue of Excise; that all and every the said Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise shall be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes for the levying, receiving, al certaining and recovering the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and the said Duty of sixpence, Part of the said Duty of eight Shillings for every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, hereby granted or continued, in the like Manner as if the same were repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, granted by the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, for his Life, and continued to her said late Majesty Queen Anne, by the said Act of the first Year of her Reign, for her Life, and afterwards continued to his said late Majesty King George the First, by the said Act of the first Year of his Reign, for his Life, shall, from and after the said eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, during the Life of our said Sovereign Lord King George the Second, he raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto his Majesty, by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and by the same Rules and Directions, and with the same Allowances and Drawbacks as are prescribed in or by the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, in that Behalf; and that the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late majesty King William, and other Acts touching the said further Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes laic mentioned, and all and every tile Articles, Rules and Clauses therein contained, or thereby referred unto, 3'foc.

r.

A.D. 1727. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 1

643

blifijing a eei ceeding nine

so far as the same relate to the raising, levying, collecting or making Allowances or Drawbacks out of the same Subsidies, and other Duties, shall he of full Force and Esseft to all Intents and Purposes, during the Life of our laid Sovereign Lord King George the Second, as if the same were particularly and at huge repeated and set down in the Hotly of this Act.

III. And whereas by one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Cm. 1.

George the First, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Hunk oj' Stli. 2. 12.

England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand

Pounds per Annum upon his Mujrjly, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and fr cjld tain Fund of fifty four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum ret ex hundred and ten thousand Sounds, for the Service of the Public, by Sale of Annuities, after the

Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for [Porks and Materials at Blenheim, incurred vjhil/l that Building was carried on at the Expense of ha late alajej/y 1 fifteen Anne, of blessed Memory, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is amongst other Things cnadt ' cu", That the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, for the Service of his fain late jvia jesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Expenses and Occasions, (hold be paid quarterly,

from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fif teen, at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, during his said late majesty's natural Life, out of the Moneys of the Aggregate Fund, by the said Act established, as in and by the said Act it may also more fully appear; which Payments determined on the said eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there be granted The yearly Sunt and continued to our said Sovereign Lord King George the Second, during his natural Life (which God of <* V col. Jongpreserve) the said Revenue or yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per annv.nr, which, from and after the said eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, shall be fc' 6- '

and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, to his Majesty, during his Life, out of the Duties and Revenues which compose the said Fund, commonly called She Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, at such Times, and with such Preference, as the same, by the said Act lull mentioned, or by any other Act of Parliament, was made payable to his said late Majesty King George the First; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the exchequer for the Time being, stal! and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, or any Arrears thereof, to be issued and applied weekly, or as soon as the same can be satisfied, for the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise as aforesaid, so as by such weekly or other Payments, the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, to be due thereupon at the End of each Quarter, be not exceeded; and so that upon every of the said quarterly Feast Days the whole then due thereupon be completed, made up or satisfied, according to the true Meaning of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, The Duties of Ale and other Liquors, and the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, hereby granted Excise, the fur. to his Majesty for the Term of his Life, and the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other <hersiibfmy, tiic Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, and the said yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thou aotihcr1' 7*. land Pounds hereby also granted to his Majesty for the Term of his Life, and the said Revenue of the Ge nuc of t, V metal Letter office or Poll office, or Office of Post master Genera), and the finalt Branches of his Majesty's Office, and mi revenues herein after expressed, that isto say, thejvtoiues arising by Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs C { small

the Revenue of the Wine Licences, Sheriff's f 'h:

prohibited and uncustomed Goods, the Revenue t&for thesur arising to his Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them, and all other pon of the Branches and Revenues which were settled or appointed for the Support of the Household of his said late f la hcuftion, and jesty King George the First, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, during his said late majesty's lhe'j50, 10"t ot Life as aforesaid, (except such Revenues, Rents and Hereditaments as have been granted or passed to any lhc Cro" Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by or in Pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and except all Charges of particular Annuities or Sums of Money on the said Revenues, or any of them, made or allowed of by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, ftaii he for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and other the Purposes in this Act men nioned and declared: Nevertheless the said hereditary Duties of Excise, and the said Duties of Excise granted Em cl>ai£t: ibic for his Majesty's Lifg as aforesaid, and the said Revenues of the General Letter office or Poll office, ol wuli ilicin.um. Office of Post master general, shall respectively be liable to and charged with the fevers! particular annual,

ju'.vttiut.o iaitm cinti uiau jo iu uic iviuiiicall1

of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office, the Poll' Fines, Profers and Compositions in the Exchequer, Seizures of pi

neral, or any of them, by any former or other Act 01 Acts of Parliament, in 1 he same Manner and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offences in or about the same, as the said last mentioned Duties or Revenues, orany of them, were subject_or liable unto at the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty King George the First, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been by this Act particularly charged on or directed to be set apart out of the Duties or Revenues hereby granted or continued to his Majesty for his Life; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Produce of the fythe t. CD ice several Duties and Revenues hereby granted and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid (over and above

leven

644 C 2, 3. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 1. A.D. 1727.

make pood out of seven hundred and twenty seven, the same shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the yearly Sum of the neat Aids, eight hundred thousand Pounds; then and in every such Case, and as often as any such Deficiency shall happen, the same shall be provided for, answered and made good by and out of the then next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

The r?v?n>ies

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective. payable to his Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late Majesty King George the First, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during his Life; shall be continued, raised, levied and paid from the nmat0 hiaprc Teceafe of his said late Majesty during the Life of his prese.it Majesty King George the Second, in the lot Majesty. same Manner only, and Subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, as the same were liable or subject to during his said late majesty's Life.

Saving cuufe.

VII. Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of, in or to, or out of the Revenues, Hereditaments and other the Premises aforesaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposesj as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the south-sea Company.

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, have made an humble Address to the King's most Excellent Majesty, in a general Court of the said Company, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to honour the said Company with being their Governor, whereunto his Majesty being willing to condescend, some Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, or may arise, touching the Qualifications and Duties prescribed by Law, or by the Charter granted to the said Company, in relation to the Governors or Government thereof; 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted and declared by the King's moult Excellent His Majesty ca Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pabie of being present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty shall be capable of being Governor of the and continuing Governor of the said Company for such Time or Times as are prescribed by the said Charter soul seacom. for tie Continuance of any Governor therein; and that such Address as aforesaid, or any other Address of hn^addrels the said Company to be hereafter made in their General Court for the same Purpose (in case his Majesty fromthecom shall be pleased to accept of being their Governor) shall from Time to Time be deemed and adjudged to be pany shall be an Election of his Majesty to be Governor of the said Company within the true Intent and Meaning of the deemed an said Charter, without the Forms of Balloting or other Methods prescribed by such Charter for electing the Electmn. Governor of the said Company; anything in the said Charter to the contrary notwithstanding.

His Majesty ex

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths prescribed by the said emptea from the Charter, or any Law now in Force, and all other Acts, Matters or Things necessary or requisite to qualify, u sa Subject of this Realm to be Governor of the said Company, shall not be deemed to be necessary or requisite

for his Majesty's Qualification in respect of the said Government, nor shall the said Oaths be administred and may appoint to his Majesty; that his Majesty, in all Cases where any Vote is to be given or Act to be done by him, the Sub gover as Governor of the said Company, 'may (if his Majesty think fit) by any Warrant or Warrants under his nor, C to at Royal Sign Manual, appoint the Sub governor or Deputy governor of the said Company to vote or aft f ellz for him or on his Behalf; any former Law, Statute, Charter or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen in case fne shall survive his Majesty.

EXP.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

xjmiereas your majesty's most faithful Commons are truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain and competent Revenue be settled for supporting the Honour and Dignity of her Majesty, your Royal Contort, in case fne should survive your Majesty (whose Lives

God long preserve) and reflcft with the greatest Pleasure upon the Happiness which this Kingdom, by the

1 Blefiing of Almighty God, cannot fail to enjoy by a long Succession of Princes derived from her Majesty,

who hath with a Confbncy and Greatness of Mind peculiar to herself given early and never to be forgotten Instances of her Zeal for the Protestant Religion, and by a continued Exercise of every Royal Virtue hath inflamed our Hearts with the most dutiful Affection to her Majesty: And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne for preserving the Inheritance of several Re

7 ana.snt, 1.*venues of the Crown, entitled. An act for the better Support of her Majesty's Hoitfhold, and of the Honour

C t'> C and Dignity of the Crown, all Grants (other than such as are therein expressed) are declared to be void;

C 10. 1 and by another Act made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for efta

hlishing a General Postoffice for ail her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of thclvar, and other her Majesty's Occqftons, it was enacted, That such Part of the Duties and.revenues arising in or by the General Letter office or Postoffice, which was thereby vested her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, should not be alienable, chargeable or grantable for any Estate, Term or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the King or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge or Grant respectively; that all

Gifts,

A.D. 1727. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. r. C 4, 5. 64

Gifts, Grants, Alienations and Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of and charged upon the same Duties or Revenues, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provision of that Act, should be null and void We do nevertheless most humbly, cheerfully and unanimously beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, C "

" Majesty may settle a yearly Rent of 100, 000l. on her Majesty. The Grant of Somerset House to her Majesty confirmed. Richmond Lodge, Re. settled on her Majesty."

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to af faflinate the Personof his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An act for making further Provisions to enable Persons possessed of Offices at the Demise of his late Majesty to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices, and for altering and explaining the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned in relation to qualifying Persons for continuing in Offices, and to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Carnival and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demile of his late Majesty, his Heirs and successors; and for continuing such Laws as would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS by an at of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty 6 Ann. C

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Personancl Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the prote/lant Line, it was amongst other Things enacted, That no Office, Place or Employment, Civil or Military, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, Town of Bcrivick upon Tweed, Ides of ferfey, Gtternfcy, Alderney and Sarke, or any of hex Paid late majesty's Plantations, should become void by reason of the Demise or Death of her Paid late Majesty, her Eleirs or successors; but every Person in any of the Offices, Places and Employments aforesaid should continue in their respective Offices, Places and Employments for the Space of six Months next after such Death or Demise, unless sooner removed and difeharced by the next in Succession, as in the said Act ' is expressed; that all Officers and Persons in any Offices, Places or Employments, Civil or Military,

who were or should be by the said Act continued as aforesaid, should take the Oaths therein mentioned,

and do all other Adds requisite by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to qualify themselves to be and continue in such their respective Places, Offices and Employments, within such Time and in such Manner,

and under such Pains, Penalties and Disabilities, as they should or ought to do, had they been newly elected, appointed, constituted and put into such Offices, Places or Employments in the usual and ordinary Way, as by the said recited Act (Relation being thereunto had) may appear: And whereas diverse Persons having Offices, Places or Employments in the Kingdom of Ireland are now residing in Great Britain, and by reason of their Attendance in Parliament, or other Occasions, cannot at present go into Ireland to qualify themselves in that Behalf as the Law diredfs Be it therefore enacted, Ls'c.

EXP.

"Persons in Offices in Ireland, residing in England, may qualify themselves here before 28 Nov. 1727."

II. And whereas by the general Words of the said recited Act, and of one other Act made in the fourth Ann. C S.

1 Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown a/'england in the Protestant Line, all Of 1 ficers thereby respectively continued are obliged to take the usual Oaths of their respective Offices in such Manner as if they had been newly appointed; from whence many Difficulties and Inconveniences hare arisen Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much only of the said Acts as requires any Per The acts rcla son to take the usual Oath of his Office, Place or Employment, in respect of his being continued therein for ting to qualify the Space of six Months, by Virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, shall be and is hereby repealed; ir's !'crl0"s tof and that no Person or Persons who, at the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty, was or were pof fice^altered0 " sessed of any Office, Place or Employment, and were continued therein by Force of the said Acts, or either and explained, of them, shall incur or suffer any Pains, Penalties or Disabilities whatsoever for or in respect of his or their having acted in such Office, Place or Employment without taking the usual Oath thereof since the Demise of his said late Majesty; that all Acts done or to be done by such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been, if such Person or Persons had taken the usual Oath of his or their Office, Place or, Employment since the Demise of his said late Majesty. A'

"Persons having Offices at the Demise of his late Majesty to qualify themselves before 28 Nov. 1727. Pro -- "viso for Persons beyond Sea. Persons possessed of Offices in Ireland now residing here, and newly ap "to such Offices, to qualify themselves in England within three Calendar Months. Sheriffs of'

"Cornwall and Chester, and several other Officers continued. His majesty may appoint Sheriffs for Com —

"watt during the prince's Minority. Bishop of Clogher continued vice-chancellor of Dublin."

EXP.

ao.i

And whereas there are diverse Laws

now in Force, which will expire at the Epd of this s ffio.

1 Parliament, and probably there may not be fufacient Time for a particular Examination and

6 a. 6

7

9 Ann. C i;

Anno primo Georgii II. Slat. i.

A.

1727,

deration how far any of them may be fit to be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Laws now in Force, and which would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, shall be and continue in full Force to all Intents and Purposes unto the End of the next Session of Parliament; anything contained in any of the said Laws to the contrary thereof in any wise n'otwi thstand i ng.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. primo. Stat. 2.

s AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the twenty-third Day of Jan ary. Anno Domini 4 jt\ one thousand seven hundred and twenty leven, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord 4 GEORGE H. by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C being the first Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight; and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt aft.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. IF X P.

CAP. III.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead bridge to Sunning lane End, next to Twyford, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henlcy bridge in the County of Berks.

P R.

This Act continued for 21 Years longer after the Expiration of the former Act. [Amended by 9 Geo. 2. C zi.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somerfoam bridge, at Somersham town's End, in the said County.

PR.

The Toll took Place the ift of May 1728, to continue for 21 Years. [Continued by 14 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting'a'n Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight. EXP. 3 s. in the Pound.

CAP. VI.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder mills on hoanjiow pleath in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bdfing stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham in the County of Surrey.

PR.

The Toll took Place from the ift Day of May 1728, and is to continue 21 Years. [Continued by 12 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the fligh ways between the Bea — Inn in Reading, and Puntfeld in the County of Berks, and for making the said Act more effectual, and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned. P R,

The Act i2 Ann. Fox repairing Reading and other Roads, enlarged for 21 Years. [Continued by 20 Geo. 2.

C 6; J

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England at four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Christopher's Debentures for Annuities at three per Centum, and for applying the Arrears of his late majesty's Civil List Revenues.

Mof Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals,

for

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. C. 8. 647

for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster and Suburbs thereof and

other Pitrpojcs therein mentioned, it was enacted, That for all Sorts of Coals and Culm, which from and after the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the twenty eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, should be imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, there should be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, by way of Imposition there

(over and besides all other Impositions and Duties) according to the Rates herein after mentioned;

that is to say, For all inch Sorts of Coals and Culm as art usually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bufnels jvir.chester Measure, the Sum of three Shillings; and for such Sorts of Coals as are sold by the Tonne, for every 1 'on thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of three Shillings; all the Produce of which said Imposition on Coals and Culm was thereby appropriated for the building of fifty new Churches, in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof,

and other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first

Year of the Reign of your majesty's Royal Father, King George thefirff, of glorious Memory, the said icco.r.stat.*.

Impositions and Duties upon Coals and Culm were further granted to his said late Majesty, from the C i

twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, to the twenty-eighth Day

of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and the whole Produce thereof applied for the making Provision for the Ministers of the said fifty new Churches, and other Purposes therein mentioned

And whereas by an ar of Parliament of the fifth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, entitled, In 5cc0. ic.

Act for continuing certain Duties upon Coals and Culm, and for establishing certain Funds to raise Money, as well to proceed in the building of new Churches, as ctlfo to comp teat the Supply granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the Overplus Moneys of the said Duties for the Disposition of Parliament, and for more effectual fiip pressing private Lotteries, the same Impositions and Duties were granted to his Majesty, from the twenty seventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, to the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and were thereby charged with aparticular Fund of twenty-one thousand Pounds per Annum for thirty two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for the raising from Time to Time, by Loans at the Exchequer, on the Credit of the said Fund, as the same should be wanted, the Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Provisions by the former acts for the building the said Churches, and other Purposes before mentioned; and the same Impositions or Duties were by the same Act further charged with another particular Fund of thirty thousand five bun dred and fifty-nine Pounds fourteen Shillings per Annum, for the like Term of thirty-two Years, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for the paying off and difehar ging the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, with the Interest at four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by the said last mentioned al: whereas by a subse 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

quest Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for enabling the south-sea Company to enlarge the Capital Stock and Fund of the said Company, the said Duties on Coals and

Culm were continued for ever; and thereby the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds for the said Lottery, or any Part thereof, was (amongst other public Debts therein enumerated) empowered to be taken into the Capital Stock of the said Company, and the said Company was to be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, for so much thereof as should be (o taken into the Capital Stock, in lieu of the former Annuity payable for the same, and to a 4 proportionable Allowance for Charges of Management, and to be charged upon the said Impositions and Duties: And whereas in Pursuance of the said last mentioned Act the Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds Principal Money, Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, was taken into the said Stock, and by Means thereof the said Company became entitled to an Annuity or yearly Sum of seventeen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds four Shillings, redeemable by Parliament, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respectt of the said principal Sum so taken into their Stock; and the Residue of the said principal Debt or Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds hath been since paid oft' and discharged, by Means whereof the former particular Fund or Annuity of thirty thousand five hundred fifty-nine Pounds fourteen Shillings, for paying off the said five hundred thousand Pounds and Interest, was redeemed and discharged: And whereas by or in Pursuance of another Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of three hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised 13 Geo. 1. c. 11.

4 by Loam or Exchequer bills, to be charged on the Surplus Moneys of the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign for a Term of Tears, and since made perpetual, certain Exchequer bills were made forth at the Exchequer, amounting together to the principal Sum of three hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds, and charged on the said Duties on Coals and Culm, and the 4 f me are still subsisting: whereas by Virtue of the Powers granted by the said at of the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First several Sums of Money have been raised in Part of the said three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, by Loans, to be repaid with Interest at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the said particular Fund of twenty-one thousand Pounds per Annum,

and there now remains unaifeharged of the said Loans, on the Register thereof, the Sum of ninety thousand Pounds Principal Money, over and above any Moneys reserved in the Exchequer for satisfying thereof;

and there also remains to be raised for the building the said Churches, and other the Purposes aforesaid, the further Sum of one hundred and three thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, to < orr.pleat the said whole Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds by the said act appointed to be raised as aforesaid, and subject thereto, and to the said Annuity of seventeen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds and four Shillings, or other Charges now payable to the south-sea Company, and redeemable on Payment to the said south-sea Company of the Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds, and

also

C 8.

Anno primo Georgii II. Stot. 2. A.D. 172'

After St. John Day

3 728, an Annuity of yojoooo I. at percent, to be raised, re oeemame by Parliament.

and chargeable on the Duty on Coals,

Bank to advance vhe. 1, 750, 000 1.

kink making failure in Payment, may be sued.

On Payment "Bilik mtitled to an Annuity of 70,000l.

"Treasury to sign Orders for Payment thereof

also to the said Exchequer bills, amounting to three hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds '. as aforesaid, the Surplus of the said impositions or Duties is reserved for the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have confer.ted and agreed to advance

and pay into the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer the Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty 5. thousand Pounds, at the Times and in Manner herein after mentioned, for the Purchase of an Annuity of seventy thousand Pounds to be payable to them and their Successors for ever, subject to Redemption by Parliament, to be charged on the said Duties and Impositions, so as the same Duties and Impositions be freed and discharged from all the former Charges or Encumbrances thereon Now we your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament afi embled, being willing and desirous not only to discharge all the said Charges and Encumbrances, but also to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty, by Means the moll easy to your People, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast day of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, a certain yearly Sum or Fund of seventy thousand Pounds, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or upon the Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to be raised by this Act, be settled and established and be payable in the Manner and Form herein after expressed and declared, for satisfying the Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act from Time to Time, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the pro viso or Provisoes herein after for that Purpose contained.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said yearly Fund, or Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, is and shall by virtue of this Act be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys, which from and after the said feast day of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight shall from Time to Time arise into the Exchequer, of or for the said Impositions or Duties on Coals and Culm so granted as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Company of England shall, and they are hereby required and enjoined to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the full and entire Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof on or before the fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and the other Moiety thereof on or before the twenty-fourth Day of July which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight.

IV. And that in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall make Failure in Payment of the said Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Tenor of the Directions hereby given or enacted for Payment thereof, then the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's Name, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, by Action of Debt or upon the C fe, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys whereof they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Suit, Bill or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use against the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Damages after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum for the Money so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Colls of Suit, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Capital Stocks and Funds, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereto.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Payment by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the said Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, at the Times and in Manner aforesaid, the said Governor and Company, and their Successors and Assigns, shall be entitled to have, receive and enjoy, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer aforesaid, by and out of the said yearly Fund established as aforesaid, one Annuity or yearly Sum ot seventy thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand ("Even hundred and twenty-eight, and to be paid and payable to them, their Successors and Afilgns, by even half yearly Payments, at the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord Christ, and the Feail of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in every Year, by even and equal Portions for ever, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso or Provisoes herein after for that Purpose contained, and that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free from all Manner of Taxes, Impositions or Charges whatsoever.

VI. And for the better and more regular Payment of the said Annuity of seventy thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Successors and Assigns for ever, subject to Redemption as aforesaid, an Order or Order shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for the Payment thereof; and after the signing thereof, the same shall be good, valid and eft cdlual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Xreafumr, or by r upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them, nor shall any Commis

fione&s

A.D. 1728. Anno prin; o Georgii II. Stat. 2.

C 8. 649

loners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Order or Orders so signed as aforesaid.

VII. And for the more speedy Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy thousand Pounds to Duties to the said Governor and Company as aforesaid, it is hereby declared and enabled, That weekly or otherwise, j, iqrronf as the Money of the said Duties or Impositions hall, from Time to Time, be brought into the Receipt of as iiicv tonne Exchequer, the same shall and may be i/tucd upon the said Order or Orders, for or towards discharging the said Annuity, to grow due for and at the End of the half year in which such Payment shall be made, so as such weekly or other Payments, do not exceed the Sum of the half yearly Payment, which hold grow due for or at the End of every such half year respectively.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Annuity of seventy thousand Pounds, and every Part Annuity a per thereof, shall be adjudged to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall not be liable to any foreign At fun.il titate. tachment; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is hereby cnadded by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times after the twenty Deficiencies to fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, the Produce of the said Impositions on tnaje poi.<) Coals and Culm shall be so low or deficient, as that the Moneys arisen therefrom into the Exchequer, at j^, 11 \: u Sini" the End of any the said half yearly Feasts, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the half year's An lrik UI"' nuity then due and payable, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, then and so often and

in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Half year shall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys of the said Impositions or Duties arising in any subsequent half year; and in case at any Time or Times after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, such Produce shall be so low and deficient at the End of any one Year (computing the same to end at Chriflnias yearly) as that the same shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the whole year's Annuity then grown due, then every such yearly Deficiency shall, from Time to Time, be answered and made goodbye and out of the first

Supplies, which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiency hall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or alsof Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fundshall and may be, from time to Time, issued and applied accordingly.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so iitued amt replaced out'

out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the fir/i Supplies to be of ihenextsup

then after granted in Parliament. p1"1,

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall beany Sur Surplus iob: plus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Duties, at the End of any one Year (computing the refcned for same to end at Christmas yearly) after the said Annuity of seventy thousand Pounds, and all Arrears thereof Disposition of are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from arllament* Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or

other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Repayment by Parlia On Repayment ment to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors or Assigns, of the by Parliament, said Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount or ^nnuny rc abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of the said An act"eme nuity or yearly Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, then and not till then, the said Annuity or yearly Sum

shall from thenceforth cease and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said Impositions and Duties shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding

And in regard it is intended that the said Annuity or yearly Suni of seventy thousand Pounds,

may be redeemed by any Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and that as the said Principal Money shall be paid off, the said Annuity hall proportionably fink and be abated Be it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times after the twenty After 23 dec. fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, Payment be made to the said Governor 1729. it pay and Company of the Bank of England of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than five hundred ment be made thousand Pounds at a Time) in Part of the said Principal Sum at which the said Annuity is redeemable, t( st^abnank not' and also if Payment be then also made of all Arrears of the said Annuity, then from and after every such s, -0, cool. so Payment so made, so much of the said Annuity, as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of much of the an the said whole Principal Sum, shall cease, determine, and be understood to be ledecmed; anything in th; s '>uity to ce; ic. or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of bjnkto continue the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall continue and be a Corporation, and shall enjoy all the Ca a Corporation rift, pacifies, Powers, Privileges and Advantages to them as a Corporation belonging, until the complete Re the whole Sum demption of the whole of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, according to the b2 rcdeeirci!. before mentioned Provisoes for that Purpose; former or other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And for the better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England at all Times Ean|. hereafter to support their own and the public Credit, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all over their an fornier Powers or Authorities heretofore granted to them for assigning or otherwise disposing of any Annui unities.

ties or Capital Stocks heretofore purchased by and now belonging to them, shall he and are hereby revived, continued and confirmed to them; and also that the said Governor and Company shall or may, and they are her tby empowered, at any Time or Times hereafter, to assign, transfer, or otherwise to dispose of the

650 C 8. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. acd. 1728.

said Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy thousand Pounds by this Act established, every or any Part or Par cel. Parts or Parcels thereof, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in such Manner and Form as the said Governor and Company shall think proper; subject nevertheless to such Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid, and without Power to enlarge their Capital Stock by or out of the same. Treasury to dif

XVI. And to the End, Intent and Purpose, that all the present Charges and Encumbrances on the said

charge all in Inipofuions herein before particularly Hated may be regularly discharged. Be it enacted by the Authority thefeimpositions aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer or byxjjunelyis. Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June one nutof themonies thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, by and out of the Moneys to be advanced by the said Governor advanced by the anj Company of the Bank of England on the Credit of this Act, or by and out of any other Moneys granted Concerning Bank to majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, provide and direct, f°"father i Gee. that act the Hid Debts and Encumbrances be duly and regularly discharged, by paying to the respective Pro 2. c. 3. prietors thereof the several Sums of Money, which after the Application of the Produce of the said Im

u Geo. 2. c. 27. positions and Duties to that Time, according to the Directions of former Acts of Parliament, shall appear

t 5 2 C 63'to be due for Principal, Interest or Annuity, Premium or Rate, or other Purposes aforementioned, and by

geo'.z.e f. cancelling all the said Exchequer bills; and that from and after such Payment, or reserving in the Exchequer '11 .' Money sufficient for that Purpose, to be payable on Demand to the Proprietors of the said Debts and Incum; branees, all and every the said former Annuities or Funds, so charged on the said Duties and Impositions for the Purposes aforesaid, shall eeafe and determine, and the same Duties and Impositions shall for ever after be discharged therefrom; anything in any former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas the before mentioned Sum of one hundred and three thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, remaining due and to be raised for completing the Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds by the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the

First, is by the said Act appointed to be raised only from Time to Time, as the Commissioners for build ing the said Churches should certify the same to be wanting, and the whole thereof need not he blued for The 103, 1401. C sometime Be it therefore enacted, That for the making the beftufe thereof in the mean Time for the to betaken cut" benefit the Public, the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, or of the Money much as at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight shall remain tmraised for the pur advanced by the poses aforesaid, shall then be taken out of the said Purchase Money to be advanced by the said Governor Bank, and added and Company of the Bank of England, or out of the other Moneys granted for the Supply of the Year one to the Aggregate thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and shall be added to the Produce of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, for the Quarter ending at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and shall be issued and applied as Part of the said Produce, in the same Manner as such Produce is or shall be made applicable by Act of Parliament, and that such Application thereof shall be deemed and taken as a regular Discharge thereof within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Treasury to issue

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu thereof the Commissioners of the out of the grow Treasury now or for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and they have tba/b'und so hereby rower from Time to Time to issue out of the growing Produce of the said Aggregate Fund, such much as shall be Sum and Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be wanting for the Services to which the said Sum wanting for that of one hundred and three thousand one hundred and forty Pounds was applicable, in the same Manner as Service. they were empowered to raise the same by the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so as the whole of the Moneys so to be issued out of the said Aggregate Fund, do not exceed the Sum which shall have been placed to the said Aggregate Fund pursuant to the Directions aforesaid.

9 Geo. 1. c. 6. 1

XIX. And whereas by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said

late Majesty King George the First (for reviving and adding two millions to the Capital Stock of the Soitth sea Company) the whole Capital Stock of the said Company being then computed at thirty-three millions eight hundred and two thousand four hundred and eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and one halfpenny, was divided into two equal Parts, and one Moiety thereof, therein stated, to amount to sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Farthing, was to be and remain the Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company; and the other Moiety thereof, amounting to the like Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Farthing, was converted into a Joint Stock, at tended with Annuities after the Rate of five. Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth with Annuities at four Pounds _ 4 per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and transferrable at the south-sea Company; and by the same Act it was provided. That after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, the same Stocks might he redeemed by any Pay nicp.ts, not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time; and that such Payments should from Time to lime be applied either towards discharging the Principal Sums which should belong to the said South Sea Company in their own Right, or towards discharging the Principal Sums of the said south-sea Annuities, or towards discharging as well the said principal Sums of the said Company, as of the said South. 4 Sea Annuities, in such Proportions, Manner and Form, as should be prescribed by the respective Act or Acts of Parliament for furnishing such Sums Therefore and to the Intent that the said Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds, herein before directed to be paid to the said south-sea Company, may be made up to a Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, agreeable to the Intentions of the said Act of Parliament, and that the Application thereof may be regularly di <jca; ocol. of rested, Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the same Time as the said four sauth st X Stock hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds shall be issued and paid to the said south seacom, to bcdi'.charg p lny? pursuant to the Directions herein before given for that Purpose, there shall also be jlpued and paid to them, by and out of the Moneys which shall then be in the Receipt of Exchequer of the said Sinking Fund,

the

4

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. C. 81 651

the further Sum of sixty five thousand three hundred and ninety five Pounds, which together with the said Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds, will complete and make up a Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Redemption of a proportionable Part of the Annuities attending their whole Principal Moneys, whether in Capital Stock or Annuity Stock; and that two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, being one Moiety or half part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds so made up as aforesaid, shall go and be applied to and in discharge of so much of the Principal due to the said Company, in respect of that Part of their Debt which remains Capital Stock of the said Company; and the remaining two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall go and be applied to and in discharge of so much of the Principal due in respect of that Part of their whole Stock, as was so as aforesaid, converted into a Joint Stock of South sca Annuities; and that from and after such Payment as aforesaid, a proportional Part of the Annuities payable to the South sca Company, whether in their own Right, or in Trust for the Proprietors of the said south-sea Annuities, shall fink and be abated.

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the Time for hearing and determining Claims by the 131. cis. ' Trustees for raising Money upon the Efatcs of the late t)irc£iors of the south-sea Company, and others, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company should, after thetwen ty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighr, cause all and every Part of the Sonth Sea Stock and south-sea Annuities, remaining any wise in the Right of, or in Trust for the said Company, to be divided out and distributed as near as might be, to and among the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and borm, as the General Court of the fa: d Company should from Time to Time judge to be raoft practicable and convenient: And whereas the said Company have, or are entitled in their own Right, as a Company, to greater Sums both o i South Sea Stock and south-sea Annuities, undistributed among their other Proprietors, than the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds so made up as aforesaid, will be sufficient to satisfy or redeem; and it would e be more convenient for the said Company, and for the respective Proprietors of the said Stock or Annu ities, that the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds shall be applied, as far as the same will extend,

to the Redemption and Discharge of the said Stock and Annuities undistributed as aforesaid, preferably to the Redemption of any other Parts of the said Stocks or Annuities already distributed to the respective 'proprietors thereof: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Company, south-sea com upon Receipt of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds so made up as aforesaid, shall apply the same in Pany 10 appb equal Moities as aforesaid, as far as the same will extend, to the Discharge or Redemption of such Parts of[oredeemtheir the said south-sea Stock or south-sea Annuities, as at the Time of such Receipt shall belong to the said undiftiituted Company, in their own Right as a Company, and undistributed amongst the other Proprietors of such Stock;

Stocks or Annuities, and shall not be obliged to apply or divide out any Part thereof to or amongst any other the Proprietors of the said Stocks or Annuties, towards Redemption of any Part of their respective Shares or Interests in the same Stocks or Annuities; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, That the Moneys so to be paid to the said south-sea Company, may be afterwards am) todhchargt used or employed by the said Company, to the discharging or paying any Debts, Dividends, or other Ser Debts, C vices of the said Company, in the same Manner as any other Moneys or Cash of the said Company may or Sa farther ought to be employed; anything herein, or in the said last mentioned Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. CL h z °'.*'

Geo. I. C 5. 5 Geo. 1. c. 17. 6 Geo. 2. c. 25 Sf 28. 7 Geo. 2. C 17.9 Geo. 2. e, 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 20 Geo. 1. c. 3. fed, Co. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 & II

zo Geo. 2. c. 16.

XXII. And whereas in Pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year 7 Ann. C 7;

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hun elred and nine, the said Govei nor and Company of the Batik of England did become entitled to a certain

Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, being after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in respect of the Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds fevemeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, being the Amount of certain Exchequer bills by the said Act directed to be delivered up by the said Governor and Company to be cancelled, which Annuity was thereby charged on certain Duties on Houses therein mentioned, and was made redeemable by Parliament on Repayment to the said Governor and Company of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny: whereas by subsequent Acts of Parliament the said Annuity was, by and with the Consent of the said Batik of England reduced, and particu larly by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First,

intituled, An Act for continuing the several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty-one Pounds u Geo. 1. C g.

seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds, to the Bank of England until Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thence for reducing the same to seventy one thousand and one Pound two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Sounds, redeemable by Parliament, and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erajed Bank Bills or Notes, it was amongst other Things enabled, That from and after the Feast day of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, the said Annuity Should cease and determine, and the said Governor and Company should have and enjoy, in lieu thereof, one Annuity of seventy one thousand and one Pound two Shillings and threepence three Farthings for ever, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, on Payment to the said Governor and Company of the Principal Sum above mentioned; and it was thereby provided and enacted, That if at any Time or Times Payment should be made of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time) in

652 G. 8.

Anno primo Georgii II. Stat 2. A.D. 1728.

Out of the Sinking Fund to be paid to the bank for redeeming Annuities quarterly till thepay ments amount to i, oco, cook See a Geo. 2. c. 3.

Toie Overplus of In esinkingfond pr propria ted to 'discharge Debts snciuied cpfpve g_r Dec. 171s.

53 Geo. 1. c. 3.

Standing Orders for Sufferers at Nevis and St. Chriltrpbers may be delivered up for lottery tickets.

'Prbvlfo.

3 Geo. t. ftut. 2

Part of the said Principal Sum, then from and after such Payment so made, so much of the Paid Annuity,

as should bear Proportion to the Money so paid in Part of the said Principal, should cease, determine, 'and be abated, as by the said several Acts of Parliament (Relation being thereunto had) more fully and at large cloth and may appear: 'Now to the Intent that the Sum of one million may be raised and applied towards redeeming a proportional Part of the said last mentioned Annuity, in the Manner herein after mentioned, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'I hat by or out of such Moneys as are or shall be in the Receipt of Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, arisen of to arise at or from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Bapftft which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight (after Payment of, or reserving sufficient to pay, such Moneys as have been directed by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys) there shall be issued, paid and applied to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at the said Feast day, and afterwards quarterly, from Time to Time as the same shall arise, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall on such quarter day be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, for or towards the redeeming the said last mentioned Annuity, until the same Payments shall in the whole amount to the Principal Sum of one million; and that as the said Payments of the Principal Money shall be from Time to Time made, a proportional Part of the said annuity attending thereon shall also from Time to Time cease and determine, for the Benefit of the publick.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall arise for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund (over and beyond what will satisfy and pay the several Sums before mentioned, and such other Charges as have been' heretofore made thereon by Authority of Parliament) shall be appropriated, reserved and applied to and for the further discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and Encumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be national Debts, and were provided for by Act or Acts of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, to be discharged therewith or out of the same, and to and for no other life, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIV. And whereas in and by a certain Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, For redeeming sundry Annuities transferralle at the Bank of England, it was amongst other things enacted, That certain Lottery tickets therein mentioned, amount ing to one hundred and three thousand two hundred and seventy two Pounds and ten Shillings, then ly ing as Cash in the Exchequer, on the Head of the Sinking Fund, or the Annuity given for the same, or any Part thereof, might be assigned or transferred to such Person or Persons, as, being Proprietors of certain Standing Orders made out for certain Debentures for the Sufferers at Nevis and Saint Christophers, 6 should voluntarily deliver up to be cancelled the like or equal Sum or Sums in any of the said Debenture Orders; and by the same Act the Time for taking in such Orders, in order to be cancelled, was limited e to any Time before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, as by < the said recited Act, relation thereto being had, more fully may appear: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, several of the said Standing Orders were satisfied and discharged by and out of Part of the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand two hundred and seventy two Pounds and ten Shillings, so 6 lying as Caffi in the Exchequer; but the Time thereby limited for exchanging the same being too short,

several Persons who were and a'e willing and desirous to ac"ept of the Remainder thereof in Satisfaction of the said Debenture Orders, are excluded from the Benefit thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities and Directions, given in and by the said Act of Parliament for or relating to the cancelling and discharging the said Standing Debentures, by or out of the said Lottery tickets, or the Annuity given for the same, shall he and are hereby renewed, ratified and confirmed, and shall remain, continue and be in full Force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, until the whole of the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand two hundred and seventy two Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be actually issued or applied to the cancelling and discharging of an equal or like principal Sum in the said Standing Debenture Orders.

XXV. Provided always, That the Person or Persons who shall accept or take the Annuity given for the said Lottery tickets in lieu and satisfaction of any principal Sum or Sums, contained in any Standing Order or Orders to be delivered up to be cancelled, shall not be entitled to any more of the Annuity attending thereon, than what shall be grown due from and after the half yearly feaffday, on which the same is payable, which shall be next preceding the Time of delivering up and cancelling of such Debenture Order or Orders; to which said Feast day the Interest then due on such Order or Orders shall be pa d out of the Produce of the Fund, on which the same is now charged or chargeable.

XXVI. And whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the First, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Fi

9 Geo. 1. c. 5.

per Annum, in order to ratfe a Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Public, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Partia ment \ and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenh im, incurred vjhilfl that Building was carried on at the Expense of her late Majesty fjhieen Anne, of Blessed Memory, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, his said late majesty's Civil List Revenues were for sometime stated at Michaelmas yearly only, ' and the Overplus, appearing by the said yearly Computations above seven hundred thousand Pounds per 6 Annum, was once in every Year brought to the Account of, and made Part of the Fund called The Aggre gate Fund: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming certain Annuities now payable by the Cashier of the Bank of

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. C. 9. 653

England, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Fund called The Sinking Fund (whereof the Surplus of the Aggregate Fund is Part) was from Michaelmas one thousand I even hundred and twenty two, directed to be computed and (dated half yearly, to wit, at Ladyday and Michaelmas in every Year;

and the Overplus of the said Civil List Revenues in the half yearly States, which firtce Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, have been made thereof, hath been brought to the Account of the said Aggregate Fund, to and for the half Year ended at Ladyday one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven and no further; for that his said late Majesty dying on the eleventh Day of June one thousand

hundred and twenty seven, his Civil List Revenues from and after that Day ceased, and no half yearly Surplus can or ought to be computed thereon: And whereas nevertheless, same Doubts and Questions have been made, whether the Moneys remaining in the Receipt of his said late majesty's Exchequer,

4 at the Time of his Demise, or which have been since paid into the said Receipt, arisen of or for his said

majesty's Civil List Revenues, become and grown due during the lifetime of his said late Majesty,

could be applied to the Payment of the Debts due to his said late majesty's Servants, Tradesmen and others For the obviating and clearing which Doubts, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or any three Debts of the In or more of them now being, and the High Treasurer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Re'sn how to be Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to issue or p31'1, cause to be issued, the Moneys so arisen or to arise into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Civil List Revenues of his said late Majesty, for and towards Discharging and Paying to his said late majesty's Servants, Tradesmen and others, such Sums of Money as were due to them at the Time of his late majesty's Demise, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be found necessary and convenient.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages due to Seamen, and for the constant, regular and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages for the future; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for disposing of the Surplus of the Money granted for half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS several just and necessary Measures were, upon Account of the late perplexed and disturbed Situation of Affairs in Europe, entered into and concerted between your majesty's late Royal Father, of Glorious Memory, and your good Allies; and in order to preserve and restore the Peace of Europe, and to secure the Trade, Navigation and other valuable Rights and Possessions of these Kingdoms, great Fleets were imployed abroad in diverse remote Parts, whereby a great Arrear or Debt has been contracted for the Service of the Navy, and particularly on the Head of Seamens Wages; and your Majesty having now, by the Blessing of God on your Care and Concern for the general Good, so far obtained a Settlement of Affairs abroad, as that there is no present Occasion for employing so great a Number of Seamen in your majesty's Service; and the immediate Payment of the said Arrears of Wages is judged adviseable, not only as it will save and prevent a further great Expense, but also as it will render a regu lar, constant and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages more pradtieable and easy for the future; which will be an Encouragement to able and experienced Seamen, at all times hereafter, to enter themselves voluntarily into your majesty's Service, when Occasions shall require the same; and your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament act embled, having taken your majesty's most gracious Recommendation from the Throne into their most serious Consideration, have for these Purposes freely and unanimously given and granted to your Majesty the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in manner herein after mentioned; we do thereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the King's most Loans orex<jis» Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the quer Bills to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or sumofjco.oocl. the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being) at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of Doto be nude be comber which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, to cause or Dec direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons. Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer bills to be made out there for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer bills together in the whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament (For continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight) are enacted and prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the same Act. 44

All Clauses in the Malt Act to be extended to the Loans and Exchequer bills to be made by this Act.

Loans to bear Interest at 41, percent. These Loans and Bills chargeable on the first Aids granted after eg September 1.72s, or on the Sinking Fund. The Moneys out of the Sinking Fund to be replaced."

EXP. 3

All Moneys granted on the Head of Seamens Wages shall be applied for those Services.

The Method of paying the Seamen.

Concerning Seamen see farther 2 Gcr>. e. C 7 £? 36. 6 Geo. 2.

c. 25. 8 Geo.

2. C. 9. II

Geo. a C 30. i3 GV*. a.'tf. 3, & i". 14

Geo. 2. C 38.

17 Geo. 2. c. 34.

18 g 'o. 2 C 31. ae Geo. 2. c. 38. 2 % Geo. 2. f. 52. 24 Geo. z C 47. 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

2x Days to be reckoned to the Month.

Clause of Appropriation.

2 Geo. 2. Stat. 4. C 1.

1 Geo. 2. Stat, a

485, 5611. V > s.9d. ft r Sea vices.

VI. And to the End, Intent and Purpose, that as well all Arrears of Seamens Wages, as their growing Wages, may be constantly, regularly and puntirally paid, Re it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That not only as to such Moneys, as have been granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Navy, but also as to such Supplies, as shall be hereafter granted in Parliament for those Services, such Parts or Proportions thereof, as shall be on the Head of Seamens Wages, shall from time to time be iitued and applied for those Services constantly, regularly and punctually, in manner following; that is to say, When and so often as any of the Ships of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall have been in Sea Pay six whole Months, to commence or be computed from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, or any time after, in case such Ships shall then be in any Port of Great Britain, not in order to be discharged, or on the Coast of the same, the Captain or Commander thereof shall, immediately after the end of the said six Months, make or cause to be made out Pay Lists containing the Names of the inferior Officers, and able and ordinary Seamen, belonging to the Ship under his Command, and shall send the said Lists, so made out, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, who are hereby directed and required to cause immediate Payment to be made of two Months Wages to such inferior Officers and able and ordinary Seamen or to their respective Attorney or Attorneys duly authorised to receive the same, odd noting the reout whatever Money shall have been paid on account of the said Wages by way of Affivance: And in case any of the said Ships, that shall have been six Months in Sea Pay as aforesaid, shall be then in any Port of Ireland, or abroad in Foreign Parts, the Captain or Commander of such Ship shall, immediately after the end of the said six Months, muster his Crew or Company, and enter the Names of such inferior Officers and able and ordinary Seamen who shall desire to have their Wages paid at home in Great Britain, into Pay Lists as aforesaid, and shall send and transmit the said Pay Lists to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, who are hereby directed and required, within one Month after they shall have received the said Pay Lists, to cause Payment to be made of two Months Wages, with such Deduction as aforesaid, to the Attorney or Attorneys of such person.or Persons duly authorised to receive the same: And the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required to give timely Notice in the Gazette of the Time appointed by them for such Payment: And when and so often as any of the said Ships shall have been twelve Months in Sea Pay, then other Pay Lists shall be made out, sent and transmitted, and two Months Wages paid thereon in the Manner aforesaid; so from time to time, at the end of every ensuing six Months, such Pay Lists shall be made out and transmitted, and two Months Wages paid thereon as aforesaid, until the said Ships shall be finally paid oft': And for the Residue of their Wages, the same shall be paid in manner following; that is to say, as to all such of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, as shall return home in order to belaid up, the Wages due to the Officers and Seamen serving on Board of any such Ship or vessel shall be entirely paid oft' within two Months after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in the Poit where the same is deiigned to be laid up: And as to all other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service, tie Wages due to the Officers and Seamen shall be paid as follows; that is to say, When such Ships or Vessels have been eighteen Months in Sea Pay, then the Wages due for the first twelve Months thereof, deducing the reout whatever Moneys shall have been before paid by way of Advance or otherwise, in part or on account of the said twelve Months Wages, shall be paid within two Months after or so soon after as any such Ship or Veiled shall put into any Port of this Realm, where his Majesty's Ships are usually paid; and so toties quoties, as often as they shall have been eighteen Months in Sea Pay, beyond the time to which their. wages.shall have been cleared, twelve Months Wages more shall be paid in like manner.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That the Computation of the said Months Wages shall be by reckoning, twenty-eight Days to the Month, according to the usual Course or pratice of the Navy.

VIII. rrovided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one AT of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, hi that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer bills made or to be mad on the same Act, and all the Interest, Preemittm, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one other AT of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty liy a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and so much Money, if any such be, of the 'Fax thereby granted, as shall arise anj remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said land-tax shall be satisfied, or Money suffi- -- be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to be advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Purchase of an Annuity of seventy thousand Pounds redeemable by Parliament, and charged on certain im pofttions or Duties on Coals and Culm by virtue of another AT of this present Session of Parliament; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer bills upon this Act, and the Sum of fifteen thousand seven hundred fifty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of his. majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restritions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million four hundred eighty-five thousand five hundred sixty one Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence, for or towards the Naval Services hereia after more particularly expressed; that

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. C 9. 655

is to say, five hundred thousand Pounds, part thereof, for or towards paying oft" and discharging Seamens Wages, and the Residue thereof for or towards defraying the Char, C of the Ordinary of his l.ijesty's Navy, and for half-pay to sea ofrcers, and for and towarjs V'idtnnl, Wages, Wear and "i ear of the Navy,

and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the further Encouragement ro, omt, fr of Seamen to enter Voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to or f n»rkli der and direct any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of ten thousand Pounds,

Part of the Paid Sum of one million four hundred eighty-five thousand five hundred sixty one Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence, to be ifl ued and applied in Aid of the Fund already appointed for the Support of the Royal Mofpita) at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, and for enabling the Commissionrs of the said Hospital to delray the Expense of taking in and maintaining an additional Number of two hundred and twenty such disabled Seamen, and other Expenses of the said Hospital for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight.

X. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred ninety seven'"t.roil, 3., thousand seven hundred and four Pounds three Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, for or towards de y9the fraying the Charge of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land service performed and to be perform Ordnamcfor ed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of Ordnance Stores sent to Gibraltar, Port Mahon, and Land Services, additional Arms delivered to the Forces in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty ieven, anj not provided for by Parliament.

XI. And it is hereby likewise enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there hail or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million three hundred seventy thousand one hundred eighty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and two 1, 370, 1331. Pence three Farthings, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces, and other Services herein af Vs 31!* ter more particularly expressed; is to say. Any Sum not exceeding seven hundred eighty six thousand f°0rr'c' Land' nine hundred seventy four Pounds two Shillings and nine Pence, for defraying the Charge of twenty-two thousand nine hundred fifty-five Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers, and Invalids, for Guards, Gairifons, and six Independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fifty-eight thousand and nine Pounds ten Shillings and eleven Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations', Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight j and any fium or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand eight hundred forty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings, upon Account for out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty thousand four hundred twenty eight Pounds*'fii einths itxteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services Reconh' incurred and not provided for by Parliament, relating to the extraordinary Provisions for Gibraltar, and for the Hospital and other Services at Gibraltar, and for Transportation of Forces, between the British and Irish Establishments, for several Irish Regiments serving at Gibraltar, and for making Roads, and other Services in North Britain, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand Pounds upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and the Sum of two hundred thirty thousand nine hundred twenty-three Pounds eleven Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Expense of twelve thousand Hejftans, taken into his Majesty's Pay, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds for one year's Subsidy to the King of Sweden, pursuant to a Treaty dated the fourteenth Day' of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twen five thousand Pounds for one year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg jvolfenbnttcl, pursuant to a Treaty dated the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall Sums arpropri and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred seventy nine thou a: ed for 'valirg sand three hundred and sixty Pounds one Shilling and a Penny three Farthings, towards making good the j?°?d f=veraj Dc" Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty ieven, and hciencles" any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-three thousand six hundred and eleven Pounds five Shillings and fourpence Half penny, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called the General

Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds six Shillings and ten

Pence one fifth Part of a Penny per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ninety thousand Pounds, to satisfy and discharge the several principal Sums due on the Register for Loans at the Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act 5 ce 1 C 9*

of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (for continuing certain Duties upon Coals and Culm, towards raising the Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, granted by the said altor building of New Churches and other Purposes therein mentioned) and any Sum or Sums of

Money not exceeding one hundred and three thousand one hundred and forty Pounds to satisfy and discharge

so much of the said bum of three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, granted by the said act of the fifth

A ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, as has not been raised by Loans or other

vfife

6o, oooo1. on Account ofhn gagemenfs for Securing the Trade, C

These Aids not to be applied to any other Ufc.

Joules to be observed in the distribution of half-pay.

656 C 10 — 22. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat 2. A.D. 1728.

wife in pursuance of the same Act; and the Sum of four hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and five Pounds to redeem the Annuity of seventeen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds four Shillings payable to the South sea Company, in respect of the like Sum subscribed into their Stock, Part of the principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, payable on the Benefit Tickets in the Lottery established by the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and charged on the said Duties on Coals and Culm; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred pounds to discharge and cancel the several Exchequer bills made forth in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of three hundred and seventy thousand Pounds to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the surplus Moneys of the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for a Perm of Years, and ftnce made perpetual.

XIII. And be it enacted, That out of the said Aids or Supplies, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, to perfect and fulfil the Obligations his Majesty is under on account of Engagements entered into and concerted for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and for restoring and preserving the Peace of Europe.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes. before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XV. And as to the said Sum of fifty-eight thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated, on Account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any part of the same, except such persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any? Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any Part of the same who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mian, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and for other Purposes therein expressei,

'several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expjeffed, among which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding. ' sixty thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty ' seven, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines;. 4 subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Nowit is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the said Rules, by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others, as by Reason of their long. Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual', as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. X

An Act for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and tkoburn in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through jvoburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Parnell in the County of Bucks.

PR.

The Toll took Place the 24th Day of June 1728, and is to continue during 21 Years. [Continued by 16; Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. XI.

An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham in the Counr

ty of tvorcester.

PR.

The Toll is to continue from 30 May 1728, during 21 Years. [Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. XII.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Beds in the Parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

PR.

Amended by The Toll is to have Continuance from the 24th of Jiaie 1728, for 21 Years. [Continued by 22 Geo. 2.9 Geo. C 7.' C 8.] CAP.

13 Geo. 1. c. 7.

The overplus of the 6o, coo 1. appropriated in 3727. for half-pay Officers how to be disposed of.

Anno nrimo Georgii U. Stat. 2.

C 13, 14.

6 57

Cap. XIII.

An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infected more eff ctually to perform their Quarantine; anil for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Illes of Gnenjey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Alan; and to hinder the spreading of Infection. EXP. Revived in Part by 6 Geo. 2. c. 34.

Ships coming from Places infected to perform Quarantine. Till Quarantine performed, no person or Goods to be brought on Shore without Licence, or Persons to go on board, or receive Goods. Persons authorised to see Quarentine performed, to go off to such Ship at a convenient Difhrice, and demand of the Commander the Name of the Ship, &c. And if the Ship ought to perform Quarentine, they are to oblige such Ship to go to such Place as shall be appointed. Commander concealing Persons infected, guilty of Felony, not making a true Discovery forfeits zcol. quitting the Ship, or permitting Passengers so to do, &c. or not conveying Ship and Lading to the Place for Quarantine forfeits 500 /. Persons quitting the Ship may be compelled to goon Board, &c. Ships or Lazarets to be provided. Proper Officers to compel Persons and their Goods to repair to such Ships or Lazarets. Not repairing to such Place, Watchman may by Force compel them. Persons refusing to repair or escaping guilty of Felony. Persons not infected entering such Ship, &c. may be compelled to perform Quarentine. After Quarentine performed, on Oath that the Ship is free from Infection, the Customer, &c. flail certify the same, and the Ship, &c. liable to no further Restraint. After Quarentine performed, Goods to be aired and discharged. Officer or Watchman suffering Persons or Goods to be conveyed away without Licence, guilty of Felony. When England, &c. shall be infedied, his Majesty may restrain small Boats under zo Tuns from sailing out of any Port without Security,

(Sc. His Majesty by Proclamation to be issued before 24 June 1729, may prohibit Commerce between his Subjects and Places infected. And may prohibit any Person to come from Places infected into these Dominions. Going to a Place infected forfeits 300 /. In all Proclamations for prohibiting Commerc., a reasonable Time to be allowed before the Prohibition. Attainder on this Act not to corrupt Blood, &c. Act to commence from 1 Jane 1728, and be in force two Years, and to the end of the next Session of Parliament.

[See z6 Geo. 2. c. 6.] And farther z-j Geo. 2. c. 29 Geo. 2. c. 8. 33 Geo. 2. c. 16.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service. Fcr formerurn

0 concerning Seamen, refer to z R z. C 4. 5 El. C 5# 7 Sf 3 Ifc 3. C zr. 8 v2?9Il. 3, C 23.9 & 10 PE", 3. C 41. a Ann. C 6. 4 £5* 3 Ann. C 19. 10 Ann. C 17*

1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. C 25. 8 Geo. 1. c. 24. 1 Geo. 2. fiat. 2. C 9.

WHEREAS nothing will more effectually contribute to the promoting and advancing the Naval Strength of this Kingdom, than the endeavouring by due and sitting Encouragements to invite Ma 4 riners and Seamen to enter willingly into the Service of their Country, as often as Occasion shall require

and whereas his Majesty, out of his Princely Concern for the Increase and Encouragement of his Seamen,

hath been moult graciously pleased to recommend the same from the Throne, as a Consideration of the greatest Importance: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the find Day of July which will be in the Year of After t July our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, if any Seaman or able bodied Land man flail freely 172s. Voiuntier and voluntarily come before and enter his Name with any Commission Officer or Officers of the Fleet to be appointed for entering such Vcluntiers, in order to serve in or on Board any of the Ships or Vessels of his of the Fleet "to Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, then fitting out for Sea, or that shall be in want of Men, and flail re serveon Board ceive a Certificate of his so doing from such Commission Officer or Officers (who are hereby directed and any ship, required to make out and give such Certificate gratis, and without Fee or Reward, and duly to date the same); and if such Person final! forthwith proceed towards such Ship, and final] make his personal Appear and making his mice on Board the same within the Space of fourteen Days from the Day of the Date of such Certificate, personal Appear inclusive of the Day of the Date thereof, if the Place where he so enters his Name be not above one hun amecn Board, dred Miles distant from the Port where such Ship lies, or within the Space of twenty Days if it be at a to"wa'es* greater Distance, or within the Space of thirty Days, if the Place where lie so enters his Name be above from the o3te two hundred Miles distant; then and in such case every such Person shall be and is hereby declared to be in of his Certificate, titled to Wages from the Day of the Date, of such Certificate, iiiclusive of the Day of the Date thereof, nd be allowed and shall also be allowed the usual conduit Money, and be paid an Advance of two Months Wages, before ndlq Mo' the Ship, in which he shall be rated and serve, goes to Sea. Months Wages.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any inferior Officer or able and ordinary Seaman, flail die in the - officer' Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Captain or Commander of the Ship, in which he fervour seam.in dyed at the Time of his Death, final] immediately, or as soon as conveniently may be after his Death, make ing. Commander out a Ticket for the Pay due to the Person so dying, at the time of his Death, and shall send or transmit the to make out a said Ticket so made out, by the first and fafell Opportunity, to the Commissioners of the Navy for theq'|clic[ j?18^ Time being, for the life of the Executors or Administrators of such Person so dying; and the said Com wj[h paid. r missioner are hereby directed and required to cause the Money due upon such Ticket to be forthwith paid

to the said Executors or Administrators, or to their resp. dtive Attorney or Attorneys, duly authorised, in such Manner as is herein after appointed, to receive the same, without tarrying for the Return of the Ship to which the Person so dying did belong, or the general Pay thereof,

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any inferior Officer or Voluntier, shall be turned over from voluntierturncj one Ship into another, then and in such Case, such Person so turned over shall not serve or be rated in a over, nottofeiw worse Quality, or lower Degree or Station than iie served in or was rated for in the Ship from which he'n a worleq^ah

Vol. V 4p was un, n lhs

65 S C 14.

Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. A.D. 1728.

over.

No Per Tonne defer ting to forfeit move than waj due 10 him in that Ship

VII. And whereas many Persons encouraging the Extravagance and taking Advantage of the Necessities f Seamen, have made great and unreasonable Profit to themselves by anticipating, bargaining for or pur

1728,

former Ship; was turned over; and hall receive, over and above such Wages as are then due to him, an Advance of

and nave two two Months Wages before the Ship, into which he is turned over, proceeds to Sea.

Months Pay

IV. Provided always, That if any Ship be liindred by any Accident from going to Sea, the removal of

thlremoval of the V 'h°le Crew or Company of such Ship, together with their Officers, into another Ship, shall not be the whole Crew confirmed or taken to be a turning over within the Meaning of this Act.

not to bs con V And be it further enacted, That no Person in Sea Pay, that hall withdraw himself from or desert the timed a turning Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall forfeit any more of the Pay or 'Wages due to him, than so much thereof as was due to him for his Service in the Ship from whence he withdrew himself or deserted; that no Ticket or Tickets made out or that shall be made out for the Payor Wages of any Seaman, shall be forfeited or stopped by his withdrawing himself or deferring, after the making out of such Ticket, but the same shall be duly paid.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this at contained shall extend to take away or alter the Pu kotto alter the nifiimer.t appointed by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King chab.i, es the Second,

i'uniflnnent for such Captains, Officers and Mariners as hail desert the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors,

13 Car. 1. Stat. '. r., J J '

2. C 9. appoint ln "!R ohips, or entice any others so to go.

CD for Deserters,

4 oi

chasing the Pay or Wages due or to grow due to Seamen, to the' Impoverishment and utter Ruin of such Bargains for Sea Seamen and their families be it enacted, That all and every Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, Con trad, a rriens Pay, after greement and Alignment whatsoever, of, for or concerning any Pay, Wages or Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due to any Seaman or Seamen in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, for such Service, which shall be made or entered into, from and after the first Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, shall be and is, and are hereby declared to be void and of none effebl, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being is hereby authorised, directed and required to pay, or cause to be paid to all such Seamen as hall appear in Person at the Pay Table, or, in their Absence, to the lawful Attorneys empowered by them, in the Manner as is herein after directed, or to the Executors or Administrators of such Seamen, or to their respective Attorney or Attorneys duly authorised, in such Manner as is herein after directed, the respective Pay, Wages or Allowances of Money of any Knd due to them, without Regard to any Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, Contrabl, Agreement or Assignment whatsoever, made or to be made, of, for or concerning any such Pay, Wages or Allowances of Money of any Kind, from and after the said first Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to discharge any Seaman of or from any Debt or Debts which he has already contrabl ed or may hereafter contrabl, or to invalidate or make void the Sale or Sties of any Ticket or Tickets that is, ate or hail be made out for Pay, Wages or other Allowances of Money of any Kind, to such Person or Persons as shall be in Possession of such Ticket or Tickets; hut such Sale and Sales hall he as good, valid and effectual as they were before the making of this Act, and as if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to invalidate or make void any Indenture or Indentures, whereby any Mailer is or shall be entitled to

J Sept void

Not to discharge any Seamens Debts, or to make void the Sale of any Ticket,

or to make void any Indenture, whereby any Masteris entitled to his Apprentice's Wages, Exception.

No Letters of Attorney good, unless n.ade re

have or receive the Pay, Wages or other Allowances of Money earned by his Apprentice; but such Pay, Wages or other Allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or by his Direction, according to such Indenture or Indentures, as has been usual in such Cases, so as inch Apprentice or Apprentices were not above the Age of eighteen Years, at the Time such Indenture or Indendures were

made and executed, in which Case no Pay, Wages or Allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or by his Directions, according to such Indenture or Indentures; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of September which shall be in the Year umci naocrc 0^" our Board one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, no Letter of Attorney made by any Seaman or vocable, 'an J 'be Seamen, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Executors or Administrators of any lignedb'y the such Seaman or Seamen, in order to empower and entitle any Person or Persons to receive any Pay, Wages or

Captain, C Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due for such Service, shall be good and valid, or sufficient

for that Purpose, unless such Letter of Attorney be made revocable, and be signed before, and attested by the Captain or Commander, and one other of the signing Officers of the Ship to which such Seaman or Seamen, who make the same, belong, or the Clerk of the Cheque of some of the Dock Yards, or the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of some Corporation, when the Pay

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any of the Pay Books are doted, Books of the Ships belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be closed, such Seamen as shall hav^ot're'ei 110t then receive or have received the Pay, Wages or other Allowances of Money due to them, shall, upon ed thei°tpave'v* Application made by them to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, have and receive Bills or to hove Tickets Tickets made out to them to the Value of the said Pay, Wages or other Allowances due to them respectively; made out to them and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required to make out the said Bills ot Tickets accordingly, to the Value of anj to Cause the same to be dated, numbered, registered and paid in a Course not exceeding one Month after their Pay.^the ]ate thereof.

Consuls, m

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors, Ministers and Consuls appointed or that shall he rovfdefotfea appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in foreign Parts, and redding the re, or, where none such faring Men dri are resident, any two or more British Merchants then and there redding, nail be and are hereby authorised', ven.to their directed and required to lend and provide for all seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, that Courts. shall

Anno primo. Georgii II. Scat. 2.

C

14.

659

hall by Shipwreck, Capture or other unavoidable Accident Lie driven or cast away to such foreign Parts or Places where such Governors, Ministers, Consuls or Merchants reside; the said Governors, mini fters, Consuls and Merchants are hereby required to provide for and subsist such fcafaring Aden and Boys, at or after the Rate of sixpence per Diem each, and to send Bills of their several Disbursements upon such Occasions, together with proper Vouchers for the same, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Comiriffinnm Time being, who are hereby directed and required to cause immediate Payment to be made of such Bills of thcnavyto at! Disbursements, after due Examination of the said Vouchers; and the said Governors, Ministers, Con pay il Oiargct. fuls and Merchants shall put or send the said Aden or Boys on board the first Ship belonging to his Majesty, Consuls, C 10 his Heirs or Successors, that shall arrive at the Parts or Places where they reside, or any other Parts or Pla t£'eci

ces being near or within a convenient Distance for that Purpose; in case no Ship of War Avail be then in plr(i shiju'! such Parts or Places, or within a convenient Distance, they shall send their said Men or Boys on board such Merchant Ships or vessels as are bound for any Port in Great Britain, and are in want of Men to make up their Compliment; but if neither Case happens within a convenient Time, then they shall provide and order a Passage homeward for such Men and Boys in the first Merchant Ship or Vessel bound for Great Britain; and every Matter or Person having Charge of a Merchant Ship or Vessel that shall arrive in such foreign Parts, and be homeward hound from thence to any Port in Great Britain, shall be and is hereby required to take on board such and so many of such seafaring Men or Boys as the said Governors,

Ministers, Consuls or Merchants Avail direct, not exceeding four for each one hundred Tuns of which his Ship conftfts.

XIII. And for an Encouragement for such Matters of Ships or Vessels to take such Seamen or Boys aboard, and bring them to Great Britain Be it enacted, That every such Matter or Person having Matters of Shifs Charge of a Ship or Vessel, who shall produce a Certificate under the Elands of the said Governors, Minito have 6 d. per fters, Consuls or Merchants, or any of them, certifying the Numbers and Names of the Men or Boys taken on board by their Direction, and the Time of taking them on board, and Avail make an Affidavit at his seamen. U Return, setting forth the Time during which he subsisted such Men or Boys, and that be did not, during that Time, want of his own Compliment of Men, or how many he did want of such Compliment, and for what Time, shall receive from the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being (who are hereby required to cause the same to be paid) sixpence per Diem for the Passage and Provisions of each Man and Boy, from the Day of their Imbarkation homeward, to the Day of their Arrival in Great Britain, or being put into some Ship of War; sixpence per Diem only being deducted for such Time, and so many Pert ons as he wanted of his Compliment during his Voyage.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained Avail extend or be construed to lessen or take Not to take away the Allowances or other Advantages made or appointed to or for any Seaman that is or Avail be in the away other Act service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, by any Law or Statute now in Force, or by the Custom or v3r', j8es 10 Scl'

1t, ', TT J 1 7.1 men.

Uiageof the Navy.

XV. And to prevent for the future, as far as maybe, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests upon Seamen actually belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever who Avail list and No Seamen shall enter himself to serve his Majesty, ns a Seaman on hoard any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, shall be be liable io be _ liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some 15

Criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action, and imless, before the taking out vice otherwise such Process or Execution, not being for a Criminal Matter, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some than ferfome other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, Avail make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of Criminal mat the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution Avail issue, or before some lhe

Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, That to his or their Knowledge, the Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the Defendant or Defendants in the Action, or Cause of Action, on which such Process Avail issue, or the Debt or Damage and Costs, for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of twenty Pounds at the least, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ, for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee Avail be taken.

And if any Person shall be nevertheless arrested, contrary to the Intent of this Act, it Avail and may he lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint made thereof by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals to discharge such Seamen so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Seaman so arrested was actually belonging to one of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to award to the Party so complai: ing, such Costs as such Judge or Judges Avail think reasonable, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the said Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action.

XVI. And to the End thathonest Creditors who aim only at the Recovery of Their just Debts due to / them from such Seamen as are actually belonging to some of his Majesty's Ships, may not be hind red from filing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits, and instead of an Arrest, which may hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and easy Method: ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Plaintiff" may That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff and Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Seaman or Seamen in his Majesty's Service, or left at his or their gaol Place pv^ee^tofudg of Residence, before his entering into his Majesty's Service, to file a common Appearance in any Action to mente. be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to proceed Comemirg Sc.: thereinto Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or "> ]n firttr

4 P a Bodies 1 Ga' z C

Debt amounts to 20 I.

and

660 C 15, 16. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. A.D. 1728.

£? 36. 2. Bodies of him or them so actually belonging to one of his Majesty's Ships as aforesaid; Act or any

C lg 11?gtt' Thing herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. C 30. 13 G, 2. f. 3, & 17, 14 G. 2. C 3s. 17 Gt «. 2. r. 34. is gt o, 2. r. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. r. 52. 24 Geo. 2. r. 47. 31

G; ': >. 2. C JO

CAP. XV.

An Act for making Provision for the Rest or of the new Church situate near Millbank, in the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

2, 500l. allotted for the Rector of the new Church near mubank. Treasurer to lay out that Sum in purchasing Lands, CCC in Fee Simple, for the Use of the Rector. Chargeable with 52 I. 10 s. per Annum to Dr. Brodrick, officiating Minister at the new Chapel near tuttle Fields. Till fbme Purchase be made, the Money to be placed out on real Securities, or public Funds. 125 /. per Ann. to be raised by an equal Pound Rate on the Inhabitants. Rector, Churchwardens and Vestry to make the assessment, and to make good Deficiencies on any former assessments, on Forfeiture of ico /. assessments to be allowed by two Justices. Vestry to choose Collectors. Collectors to pay the Rector quarterly. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions. The Interest of 2, 500 I. laid out, and the 125 /. per Ann. by a Pound Rate, shall be the annual Maintenance of the Rector, besides Surplice Fees, and House. Subject to pay 17 /. Sr. 11 d. per Ann. to the Curate of the old Parish Church. Dr. Gee to have the Surplice Fees, and the annual Interest of 2, 500 I. on providing Ministers to officiate in the new Church. When the Curacy shall become vacant, the Provision hereby made shall be enjoyed by the Rector and successors for ever. Subject to pay 52 /. 10 s. per Ann. to Dr. Brodrick, and 17 I. 8 s. 11 d. per Ann. to the Curate of the old Church. Churchwardens not to dispose of Pews, but by Consent of Vestry. If Churchwardens and Vestry on Easter Tuefelay shall allot the annual Sum or any Part, and pay it to the Rector, then only so much shall for that Year be raised, as will make up that Sum. The Rectory shall not be held in Commendam. The Parish Clerk shall be a Member of the Corporation of Parish Clerks.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for removing Doubts concerning the additional Duty of twopence per Gallon upon low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, from foreign Materials, and for obviating Questions relating to Appeals in Matters of Excise; and for appointing the Number of commissioner of Excise, who may hear Cauies depending before them.

j2 W. 3. C 11. 1 \\7 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction; and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pictures, and certain Impofnions upon Hawkers, Pedlars and petiy Chapmen, and the Duty of fifteen per Cen ' turn upon Muffins, and for improving the Duties upon japaned and laqueredgoods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned, itwasenacted, That from and after the twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, and until the twenty-fifth Day ' of March one thousand seven hundred and six, there should be paid, by way of Excise, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn by any Distiller or other Person making or drawing Spirits or firong Waters for Sale or Exportation, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Rates and Duties therein mentioned, ' over and above the Duties payable for Spirits perfectly made, and particularly for every Gallon of low e Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, fourpence: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made and passed in the third

3 Ann. C 4, ' Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon low Wines

£ and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon ca/lieoes, China TV are and Drugs, the aforesaid Duties on low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, were continued from the £ twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made and paited in the

Ann. C 12. ' fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying further Duties on

lozv Wines, and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty's Revenue by Importation of foreign cut Whalebone, ' and for making same Provisions as to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets; and for enabling her Majesty to dispose of the effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and for appropriating the public Mo ' niesgranted in this Session of Parliament, it was amongst other Things enacted, That for every Gallon of e low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, which at any Timeor Times, during the Term of five Years, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five, should be made or drawn from any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, there should be paid and paye able to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable there upon by the said last mentioned, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, the Sum of twopence, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifth

5 Ann. C 19. ' Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An act for continuing the Duties on low

Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction; and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen 3 and

Part of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and the late Duties on Sweets; and the onetbird Subsidy, of Tunnage and Poundage 5 and for Jettling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain

Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2.

C ig. 661

j ur lijc otr uilc vj tut j. ecu one ivonjanu even rmnarea and jcueriy and ciucr uses wet cm ex it is enabled, That all and every such or the like Duties for and upon all low Wines or Spirits of t Extraction, as by the aforesaid Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of her said lai

xjuiuo u^uuuiu biiu a auu 1x1 lino jj.l il.ul j auiuua.iil tuu.1uujt.u5 iuiu uy ll. iiuiuui uj

of the same, That the said additional Duty of twopence per Gallon, for and upon all Low Wines or Spi pi fits of the first Extraction, drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixtuie with foreign Ma Di

lain Overplus Moneys, and other wise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for reifine a further Supply to her Majesty, for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressid,

...the lirlt

: ite Maje

fly's Reign, were continued or granted until the twenty foui th Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, should, by Virtue of the said act of Parliament made and passed in the said fifth Year of the Reign ol her said late Majesty, be further continued, and he paid and payable to her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, fqr and upon all low Wines and Spirits of the fit ll Extraction, to be made or drawn by any Distiller or other Persons making or drawing Spirits or strong Waters for Sale or Exportation within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of tfales or Town of Bcrivick upon Tweed, from the twenty-third Day of June which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the Term of ninety six Years, from thence next and immediately ensuing, for the Uses and surpofcr, expressed in the said Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty: whereas it was the true Intent and Meaning of the said last mentioned act, to continue all the said" Duties on low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, granted by any of the said recited acb, from the respective Times of the Expiration of them, until the End of the Term of ninety and six Years, therein limited and expressed:

whereas some Doubts and Questions have nevertheless been made, whether the additional Duty of twopence per Gallon on low VINES and Spirits of the first Extraction, given and granted by the said act made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, be continued by the said Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her said iate Majesty, and is to continue for the Perm therein mentioned For the obviating and clearing which Doubts, with Regard as well to the Time pad as to come; and for the acquitting, discharging and indemnifying all Persons whatsoever, who have any way acted or been concerned in the charging, collecting, paying or receiving the said Duty of twopence per Gallon on such Low Wines and Spitits of the sir sir Extraction, or who shall be concerned, or act in the charging, collecting, paying or receiving the same for the future, and for the suppot ting and establishing the Fund, by the said last mentioned act of Parliament Intended to be created for the securing such Annuities, as should he purchased pursuant to the said last mentioned act of Parliament; and for the Explanation of the said act: Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

The

w., w Duty of 2 d. per

terials, given and granted by the said recited Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourth Year of her Gallon on Low said late majesty's Reign, from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five, for the Term of five Years, was by the said recited Act, made and passed in the fifth Year of her late majesty's Aucriats ro Reign, intended to be continued, and shall and ought to be and continue from the twenty-third Day of continue from June one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the Term of ninety six Years, from thence next and imme 23 June i p. diately ensuing; shall anu ought to be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors during so' 96 Yeas. the said Term, for the Uses and rutposes in the said act made in the fifth Year of her said lute majesty's' c'i2*

Reign express; and shall be levied and collected during the said Term, by the like Powers and Authorities, and under the like Rules, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said act made in the as

fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, are expressed and provided, in respect of the several Duties of sanna 19. Excise thereby continued; and that all Persons whatsoever, who have been concerned, or who have acted in the charging, collecting, paying or receiving the said Duty of twopence per Gallon for such Low Wines and Spirits of the first extraction as aforesaid, are and shall respectively by Virtue of this Act be acquitted and discharged and indemnified in respect thereof.

II. Provided always, That no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits or Strong Waters for dirt.hers rot Sale or Exportation shall, for or by Reason of this present act of Parliament, or of anything herein - "We t penal declared or contained, be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for or on Account of his, her ries for [, ay or their having omitted or neglected to pay the said Duty of twopence per Gallon on Low Wines 01 Spi duty^efcre rits of the first extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture there, 17j$. with, at any Time before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight; but that all and every of them respectively shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged from all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted only for the iingle Duties so omitted or neglected to be paid, at any Time before the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight.

CIII. And whereas, in an act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and ahusex.in the put)hck 6 Geo. 1. s.»Revenues of Excise, Cufoms, Stamp-duties, Post ojfce, and House money, a Clause is contained concerning the Forfeiture and Seizure of Sweets, which from and after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, should be sent or removed from one Place to another without Certificates from the proper Officers of Excise, in which Clause some general Words are mentioned concerning other Forfeitures to be made from and after the said Day, by Virtue or in Pursuance of any act or acts whatsoever relating to the Duties of Excise, or any other Duty or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, upon which Words a Doubt hath arisen, whether by the Generality thereof the Right and Liberty of appealing to the Commissioners of Appeals, from Judgments given by the Commissioners of Excise, in Causes and Prosecutions on Account of Forfeitures and Offences relating to the Duties of Excise, and the juril diction and Power of the Commissioners of Appeals to hear and determine such Appeals, and also the Right and Liberty of appealing to the Justices assembled at the respective Quarter sessions of the Peace, in Cases where Judgement or Judgments happen to be given by two or more Justices of the Peace in Causes and Prosecutions before them, for or on Account of Forfeitures and

Offences

Right of appealing confirmed.

After ?4 June 172s. Complaints may be determined by three commissioners of Excift*

All Adjudications maybe executed by Warrant of three commissioners.

See farther concerning Ex rise t 39 Geo. 2. c. 34.

2 \ Geo. 2. f.26.

32 Geo. 2. c. 1 7.

33 ceo.z. C 9.

3 Geo 3. C 7,

iz Car. 2. C 4.

1 Geo. 2. Statt. C 1.

2 Ann, C CC

17. Anno primo Geor g 11 II Stat. 2. A.D. 1728.

Offences respectively relating either to the Duties on Malt, or to the Duties on Hides and Skins, tanned,

tawed ordreifed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, be not taken away and repealed Nov for preventing and avoiding all such Doubts and Questions, and declaring and re establishing the Right and Liberty of appealing in the respective Cases before mentioned, Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said Act of the sixth Year of his Paid late majesty's Reign, nor any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, did or doth extend, or shall he construed to extend, or to have extended to take away, repeal or alter the Right and Liberty of appealing in the respective Cases before mentioned, or in any of them; and the Right and Liberty of appealing in the respective Cases before mentioned, and the several Jurisdictions and Powers, as well of the Commissioners of Appeals, as of the Justices of the Peace aflein bled in their respective Quarter sessions, now is and are, and ought to continue and be in the same Plight and Condition, as the Paid Right, Liberty, Jurisdictions and Powers respectively was and were before the making the said Act of the sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign; and that Appeals already brought, or hereafter to be brought in the respective Cases before mentioned, which hive happened since the passing the same Act, are and land in the same Plight and Condition, as they respectively would have done in case the said Act had never been made; the aforesaid Act, or any other Lav, Statute, provision orufage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CIV. And whereas Complaints and Informations, which at the chief Office in London for the Duties of Excise, and other Duties there managed, are exhibited and commenced, either by Traders and Dealers in the Commodities respectively liable to such Duties, who apprehend themselves to have been overcharged, ' or by Prosecutors and Informers again! Inch Traders and Dealers, for Offences or Fasts by them committed e or incurred, either by their having omitted to do Things, which by the Laws relating to the said respective Duties they are required to do, or by their having done other Things contrary to the said respective Laws,

cannot be heard, adjudged and determined with the like Dispateh, Ease and Convenience to the Parties concerned therein, as might be done in case the same were to be heard, adjudged and determined by a less Number of the Commissioners for the said Duties for the Time being, than a Majority of them: And whereas such Complaints and Informations happening by the Means aforesaid to remain and continue in Suspence and undetermined, is discouraging and disadvantageous to the Parties concerned therein For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, all such Complaints and Informations as aforesaid, either of the one or the other Sort, which before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight shall not be heard, adjudged and determined, but hall then, or at any Time after, be depending at the said chief Office, shall and may be heard, adjudged and determined by any three or more of such Commissioners for the Time being, and that it shall be sufficient in the written Account or Record of such Proceedings to mention, that such Complaint or Complaints, Information or Informations, are made and exhibited to and before three of such Commissioners, without particularly mentioning or exprefiing the Christian and Surnames of such three Commissioners for the Time being; and that every such Adjudication and Determination of such three or more of such Commissioners for the Time being, shall and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the Law, and of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Adjudication and Determination had been by all, or the Majority of such Commissioners for the Time being; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Adjudication and Adjudications, Determination and Determinations, shall and may, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, be executed by Virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any three Commissioners for the Time being, whether such Commissioners setting their Hands and Seals to such Warrant or Warrants shall or shall not happen to be the particular Commissioners, by whom such Adjudication or Determination shall be made, or whether such three commissioners, so setting their Hands and Seals to such Warrant or Warrants, were Commissioners at the particular Time or Times when such Adjudication or Adjudications, Determination or Determinations as aforesaid shall happen to be made; provided that the Persons so setting their Hands and Seals to such Warrant or Warrants, at the Time r.; d Times of such their setting their Hands and Seals thereto, actually' are such Commissioners; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Cap. xvir.

An Act for repealing the p re font Duties cn Wine Lees and lignv.m Viler, and laying new Duties on Wine Lees, and for' prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flasks, bot.les, or (mull Calks; and for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures, and for supplying the Want of regular Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in foreign Parts, where such Certificates cannot be had; and for giving further Time ro Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in the Book of Rates annext so the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, a particular Rate of four Pounds per Tonne was fixed upon Wine Lees imported; according to which Rate a Subsidy of twelve Pence in the Pound £ was thereby payable to his Majesty; whereas according to the said Rate a further Subsidy of Pound age of twelve Pence in the Pound ori Wine Lees imported, was granted to his present Majesty for his Life ' (which God long preserve) by an Act made in the hr ft Year of his Majesty's Reign; And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of her htc Majesty Queen Anne, another Subsidy vas granted on the Im

portation

663

portation of Wine Lees, in Proportion to the said Rate, commonly called the One Third Subsidy;

4 by an Act passed in the third Year of her said late Majesty, another Subsidy of Poundage was granted on 3 Ann. C 3.

the Importation of Wine Lees, in Proportion to the said Rate, commonly called the Two Third s bjidy;

and whereas by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesttes King wili.iam and 4 WM. C 5. ' Queen Mary, an additional Impost of twenty-five Pounds for every Hundred Pound Value, was laid upon French Wine Lees impoited, according to the said Rate; and whereas by an Act made in the seventh

of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, an addition d Duty of twenty-five 7w.&r.i. C w. ' Pounds per Centum was laid upon French Wine Lees imported; all which Acts which granted the said Ic

veral Subsidies, and other Duties commonly called the Old Subsidy, the One Third Sulftdy, and the Tvjo Third Snhjidy (except the said further Subsidy which is granted to his Majesty during his Life) as also the said additional Impost and additional Duty, are by several subsequent Acts of Parliament continued for ever, subject to Redemption by Parliament: And whereas great Quantities of Wines have of late been imported, mixed with, and tinder Pretence of Lees, which were afterwards drawn off, and sold as Wine,

to the manifest Abuse of the Law, and Prejudice of the Revenue For Remedy whereof, We your faithful Commons in Parliament assembled, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefetit Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Augustin the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, the said several Subsidies, additional Impost, additional Duty, and other Duties whatsoever, payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, by any Law now in Force, upon the Importation of Wine Lees, shall cease and determine, and be no longer due and payable for the Wine Lees imported after that time.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said former Subsidies, and other Duties repealed by this Act, all Wine Lees imported into Great Britain, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of August, shall be subject and liable to, and shall pay the same Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, as are now payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Succsflbrs, on the Importation of Wines into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, according to the several and respective Giowths thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties granted by this Act, shall be paid or secured, and shall be raised, levied and coikfted in such Manner and 1'orm, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts and Allowances, as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Parliament, which granted or continued the several Subsidies, Impositions, or other Duties upon Wines imported respectively; all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained, shall continue in full Force and Eft'eft during the Continuance of the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties upon Wines, and shall be applied, practised and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering, paying and appropriating the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties on Wine Lees imported, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters and Things, had been again repeated in the Body of this present Act; any Law, Custom orufage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed for Drawback

any Lees of Wine exported; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. for Wine Lees.

1 V And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 3 ceo. 1. C n.

the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, end for other Purposes therein mentioned, Liberty is given for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, within the Term of one and twenty Years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, directly from any of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies in America, in

any Ship or Veiled, Ships or Vessels, which may lawfully trade to and from the said Plantations or Colonies,

and which shall be navigated according to Law, any Sort of Wood, Plank or Timber whatsoever, wrought or umvrought, or any of the Goods called Lumber, in the said Act enumei ated, being of the Growth and Product of the said Plantations or Colonies, or some of them (except Marts, Yards and Bowsprits) free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever granted to his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: And whereas Lignum Vita being of the Growth or Product of the Britishb Plantations in America, is for the moult Part made use of by Turners, in making Bowls, Cups, and other necessaries, and particularly in making Blocks, Pullies, and Sheaves for Ships, and Shuttels for Weavers; and forasmuch as some Doubt has arisen,

whether Lignum Vita, which is rated in the Book of Rates to pay Duty as a Drug, is within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, though very small Quantities thereof are made use of physically Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Lignum Vita imported, or to be imported on the Conditions mentioned in the said Act, after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand

After 24. An'. 172s. the resent l)utie on Wine Lees shall cease.

Wine I ces imported to pay the same Duties as Wine.

How these Duties shall be secured.

seven handred and twenty-eight, shall. during the remaining Term of the said one and twenty Years, be free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as if the same

had been mentioned and expressed notwithstanding.

n the Body of the said Act; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary

15 Geo. 2. c. 31, is Geo. 2. C S 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 28 Geo. 2. e 21. 30 Geo. 2. C is & 29.

VI. And whereas upon the aforesaid Doubt, whether Lignum Vita, of the Growth and Product of the 4 b>dtish Plantations in America, might be imported into this Kingdom free of Duty, several Bonds and Deposits have been taken for answering the Duties demanded for the same, The said Bonds are hereby declared null and void, and discharged from all Prosecutions for the same, and the Depoilts shall be delivered up. 2

Lignum VI raj after 14 June 1728. free of Duty.

24 Geo. 2. c. 57.

On, erk'.nff CV fioms see farther 9 Geo. 2. c. 35. 32 Geo. 2. C i o

Bonds for answering the Duties ditch urged.

664 G, 17.

Anno psimo Georgii IF.

- f

ulcii.,

2.

A.D.

1728.

a'ter 29 Nov. 372s. no Wines to be imported in Ftafts, Bottles, or Vtfleis L .'fs than 2, 5 gaijons.

Exception.

cor.ce> mng Winns see farther 10 Geo. 2. c. 39.

17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

18 Geo. 2. c. 9. 2, 6 Geo. 2. c. 12.

S Geo. 1. c. 15. for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures.

When Certificate Handing Goods cannot be obtained, the Bonds to be discharged on the Oath of the Matter, cs

Geo. I. C 15.

9 Geo. t. C 8. Concert, ing Silk, C see farther 23 Geo. 2. C9tf 20. 26 Gc:

2. C 21.

VS V 9.

9 A; f7. f. tr.

VII. And whereas great Quantities of french wines and other Wines are imported in Flasks and Bottles and in final] Casks, which are frequently conveyed on Shore without Payment of Duty, to the manifest. 4 Loss of the Revenue, and the Detriment of the fair Traders Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, no Wines (other than such as hereafter are mentioned) shall be imported into this Kingdom in Flasks or in Bottles, or in any vefll 1 or Calk which shall contain less than twenty-five Gallons, upon Pain of forfeiting the same, or the Value thereof; one Moiety of which Forfeiture to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them, who will seize, inform or sue for the same, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eft'oin, Protection or Wager of Law shall he allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; or by Virtue of any Law or Laws of Excise, for such so.feiture as shall be incurred in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for such Forfeiture as shall be incurred in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. 'Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be confirmed to extend to prohibit the Importation of Wines of the Growth of the Dominions of the Great Duke of Tuscany in open Stalks, or Wines of the Growth of Turkey, or any other Parts of the Levant Seas, in the same Manner as they have heretofore usually been imported.

30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 32 Geo. 2. c. 19.

IX. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For encouraging of the Silk Manafailures of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, several Allowances are to be made to the Exporters of sundry Manufactures of Silk, and Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, and with Grogram, Yam, Incle or Worsted, to Parts beyond the Seas, upon a Debenture verified by the Searcher, and Oath being made anti Security given by the Exporter, not to reland the same in Great Britain; and such Securities are to be discharged (except in Cases otherwise provided for) upon proper Certificates, testifying the landing the Paid Goods in Parts beyond the Seas; which Certificates in 1 case of any Entry for, or landing the Paid Goods in Ireland, or in any other Foreign Port or Place, where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, are to be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there; and in case of Entry for any other foreign Ports or Places, such Certificates, are to be under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants, then being at such Port or Place: And whereas it is found impracticable to bring any such Certificates of landing, in Cases where any of the said Goods are sold on the Coast of Africa, and some other foreign Places, wh re no such Certificates as the Law directs can be obtained; and in Cases of Transnipping at Jamaica, and any other of the British Plantations in America, without being landed there, into Ships or Vessels bound to Africa and other foreign Parts Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in any of the said Cases, where such Certificates could not or cannot be had or obtained as aforesaid, the Bonds or Securities already given on Exportation of the said Goods, shall be discharged and vacated, upon Proof made on the Oath of the Master, Mate, Purser or other Person having the Charge of the Ship during the Voyage, and also the Oath of the Merchant "Exporter, if living, that the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the said Goods have been disposed of at the Places to be mentioned in the respective Oaths or Affidavits, and that they have not been relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Part of Great Britain, provided such Proof be made on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, otherwise the said Bonds may be put in Suit as if this Act had not been made; and for the future such Bonds or Securities are to be discharged and vacated, on the like Proof being made within eighteen Months from the Date of the Bond, that the said Goods were so disposed of in foreign Parts as aforesaid, the Examination and Proof being left to the Judgement of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively for the time being.

X. And whereas in and by an act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, For Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes there in mentioned', certain Allowances or Sums of Money are to be paid to the Exporters of Silk Stuffs made in Great Britain, or Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, Grogram, Yarn, Incle, Cotton cr Worsted, as in the said act.is expressed; and Provision was made in the said act, that no Allowance should be demanded or made for such of the said Manufactures, when they are only mixed with Silk at the Edge or Ends of the Piece, which not being sufficient to prevent Frauds and Abuses in making those Manufactures, a further Provision was made for that Purpose by another act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, which by Experience has till been found ineffectual, several ill disposed Persons having only put 4 a final] Thread of Silk scarce discoverable in the Warp (by which is meant the Length of the Piece) not with Intent to benefit the Sale of the Goods, but with a Design to obtain the Bounty Allowance 011 the Exportation, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said acts For Remedy whereof, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the sail acts, or either of them, shall not extend or he construed to extend to the making any Allowance on the Exportation of any of the Manufactures of Stuffs aforesaid, mixed with Silk, exceppthe Silk that shall be mixed in the Warp, shall be obvious and apparent to the View of the proper Officers of the Customs, and that the Silk therein used shall be double the Value of the Bounty intended to be paid on the Exportation of the said Manufactures respectively; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through Neglect or Inadvertency have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in Relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, which hath been put or placed to or with

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgr 1 If. Staf. 2. C 18, 19: 665

any !Lifter or Mistress, to learn any profession, Trade or Employment, and to have such Indentures, ori'

other Writings, which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contrails or Agreements iclating A the Scr vice of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times by the levnral Acts of Paili n cut for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have allb in like Manner omitted to iniert, and write in Words at Length, in Inch Indentures or other Widlings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with or in Relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid lie it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys f neglected Chuicfnrgsvirjr, or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred funtur timct j and twenty-eight, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendring the said Inc, lrk8; i AP" dentures or other Writings, to be (Vamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight (of which timely Notice is to be given in the Wp

London Gazette) the same Indentures or other Writings, shall be good and available in Law and Equity, t»cntut\ irdt. and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein tunujet ftnt r named, (half be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fi, fully as if the Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed Jj.2. { 4

for as aforesaid, had been inserted; the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions afore CD 2, e.zy

said, shall be acquitted and difehafged from the said Penalties; anything in any of the said former Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George the First, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney in the County of Surrey, and for making the said at more effectual.

PR.

Commissioners for building the Bridge at Fulham, may contrail with any Persons, as well Commissioners as others, for erecting the Bridge. a4ay assign over in Perpetuity the Tolls to Contractors for building the Bridge. Commissioners not to build till Satisfaction be given to the Proprietors of the Horse Ferries.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for punishing such Persons as flail wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of parlia liament, for making Rivers navigable.

WHEREAS several ill dcsigning and disorderly Persons have in several Parts of this Kingdom associated themselves together both by Day and Night, and cut down, pulled down, burnt, and other wise destroyed several Turnpike Gates and Houses, which have been eroded by the Authority of several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing diverse Roads within this Kingdom, by Tolls taken or to be taken at such Turnpikes, and thereby prevented the Toll from being received, which has lessened the Security of diverse of his Majesty's good Subjects, for considerable Sums of Money, which they have advanced or lent 011 the Credit of the said Acts, and deterred others from lending any Money on the same, and thereby the said Acts are become ineffectual, the Laws now in Force not irtfliding any Punishment on such Of 4 fenders suitable to their Offences; and whereas other evil disposed Persons have threatened the pulling down and destroying of Locks, Sluices and Floodgates erected to preserve and secure the Navigation of Rivers made navigable pursuant to Acts of Parliament for that Purpose; 'For preventing such wicked and unlawful Practises for the future, and for rend ing the said Acts more effectual; it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or jfany Person Persons whatsoever, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand foajl breaktion n seven hundred and twenty-eight, hall either by Day or Night wilfully and maliciously break down, cut any Turnpike, down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise destroy any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or any l>c all be sent Poll or Polls, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or other Fence or Fences, belonging to any such Turnpike gaol'n^honfe1 Gate or Turnpike Gates, erected or to be erected, to prevent passer.gers from passing by without paying the ofcovrcflion, Toll directed to be paid by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made for that Purpose, every and for 3 Months, all such Person or Persons so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or Bieakingdown more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, made

Division, City, Town, Borough or Corporation, wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, ^ Geo. ale, 33.' or before the Justices of the Peace in onen Sessions (who ate hereby authorised and empowered summarily and 3 finally to hear and determine the same) shall be sent to the common Gaol, or else to the House of Correction, there to continue and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize; and the said Justices shall also order and adjudge, that such Offender and Offenders shall be, by the Master and te whipped at or Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction as aforesaid, on the first convenient Market Day, once pub th^'arket lickly and openly whipped in such City, Town, Borough or Corporation, wherein or near which such Of ro s' fence shall be committed, at the Market Cross cr Market Place there, between the Hours of eleven and two of the Clock.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person or Persons so convicted convicted afo shall, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, commit any of the Offences aforesaid a second cond Time, or if any Person or Persons shall, either by Day or Night, wilfully and maliciously pull down or emollfi "ns vol.v. 4 or

666 C 20} 2l. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. A.D. 1728.

transported for y Years,

General Issue,

To be read, cor

demolish any House or Houses, erected or to be erected for the Use and Service of any Turnpike Gate cr Turnpike Gates, or hall wilfully and maliciously breakdown ordemolish any Lock, Sluiceor Floodgate, erected or to be erected by Authority of Parliament upon any navigable River, for preserving or securing the Navigation thereof, and shall be lawfully convicted of the same respectively, upon Indictment before any of his Majesty's Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or general Gaol Delivery for the County, City, 1 own, Borough or Corporation, where such Offence or Offences respectively shall be committed, every such person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every i'uc'n Felon and Felons shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, as in Cases of Felony; and the Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for the Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this present Act, that in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after thefaft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in such County or Counties, Place or Places, where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue Not guilty, and give this ab and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Counties, Place or Places, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, cr discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be publicly read at every

thaatl:; Geo. Quarter sessions, and at every Leet or Law day, during the Continuance thereof, and that this Act, and kin' ?lis Act' evely Fart thereof, shall continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the

C 33. forma

more effectual, then next Session of Parliament, and no longer, i s continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 47.' and made perpetual by 27 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XX.

An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury for imploying and maintaining the Poor there, and for better enlightning the Streets of the said City.

PR.

After 1 May 1728. Corporation to be erected at Canterbury. To be chosen by Inhabitants rated to the Poor, on the last Tuesday in June 1728. Inhabitants to meet in the several Parish Churches between Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon to elect. May purchase Lands, C not exceeding 400l. per Ann. Parishes refilling to choose Guardians, two Justices, Quorum units, or any three, may choose them. None compelled to serve two Years together. Guardians to meet on the fivft Tuesday in July 1728. to choose a President and Receiver, to be chosen yearly. And a Schoolmaster, Clerk and other Officers. Guardians to hold a Court monthly. President may hold a Court oftener, on three Days Notice. Any seven Guardians may cause an extraordinary Court to be held. the Hospital of poor Prieffs in the City of Canterbury, with its Revenues, vested in the Guardians of the Poor of that City. In Trust to employ the Profits for the Maintenance of the Poor of the Corporation. Guardians at any Court may assess the inhabitants for the Use of the Hospital. Persons grieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions. Corporation to maintain all the Poor in the 14 Parishes, &c. Guardians may order the Constables, &c. to compel Vagrants and Beggars, &c. to work In the Workhouses. May bind out Apprentices, and inflict corporal Punishment. Committee may send poor Persons to the Workhouse, or otherwise relieve them. Coporation may agree with any Parish in Kent, for setting to work their Poor; but not thereby to create a Settlement. Receiver before the Determination of his Office to account for all Moneys, &c. in his Hands. Elections of President, &c. to be by Ballot. No President or other Officer liable to the Penalties of 25 Car. 2. C z. Poor Persons refusing to be placed in the Workhouse to receive no Relief. Guardians to allow Relief to poor Persons who shall fall sick, &c. Lamps to be lighted in the public Streets from s Sept, to 1 May, yearly. A Rate not exceeding 3 d. per Pound per Ann. for setting up and maintaining the Lights, Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions. Collectors of the Lamp duties to account.

CAP. XXL

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Efates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vejled in the Crown; and for determining such Claims on the said estates as having been duly entered remain undetermined,

EXP.

33 Geo. i. c.as. His Majesty may appoint five of the Judges of Scotland to be a Court of Delegates, to determine Appeals, as the Delegates appointed by Geo. 1. c. 8. might. Claims containing a Demand of Money affecting a forfeited Estate, Court to issue a Debenture for such Money, and Exchequer to pay it in the first Place. All Books, &c. relating to forfeited Estates to be delivered up by the Commissioners before 12 June vyzi, into the Exchequer. Registers, &c. not delivering them up, Barons may summon them; and on contempt may commit them to the Common Gaol. The Books to be delivered into the Court of Delegates by iz June 172$.

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2,

C 22.

66 7

CAP. XXII.

An act to explain the Acts of the third and ninth Years of his late majesty's Reign for continuing the Duty of two Penny Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of Petty Port Customs, and for the more effectual fecu] ing the Payment of such Money as hath been or shall be contributed towards a charitable Fund for Relief of such as shall fuller by Fire in the faitl City, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof.

by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of hii late

{ Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of tvjo Penny Scots, or \ oncjhth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold veilhin tie City of, Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof for the Benefit of the foetid City, and for discontinuing the Payment of the Due;, commonly called The Petty Port Customs, at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of this Act; and by t another Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the"reign of his said late Majesty, inti tilled, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the third Year of his maie/ly's Reign for tone tinning the Duty of two Penny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing the Payment of the Petty Port Customs there; and for mating the said Ail more effectual, it is provided and enacted, for theeafe of all such Potions as lire in the Neigh bouthood of and have Commerce with Edinburgh, That during the Continuance of both the aforesaid Acts of Parliament certain Dues, paid and commonly known by the Name of Petty Port Customs, payable at the ports of the City of Edinburgh, should be discontinued and ccafe: And whereas several Doubts and Difficulties and Disputes have arisen, and may yet arise, touching the Import and Meaning of the said Clause or Proviso in the said Acts, by reason that the aforesaid Dues or Petty Port Customs, intended thereby to be discontinued, are not therein particidarly specified and described, so as the same may be di stinguished from such other Parts of the Petty Customs belonging to the said City, as were not intended by the said Clause or Clauses in the Acts aforesaid, or either of them, to be discontinued Therefore for explaining thereof, and for preventing any Doubts or Disputes for the future. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Parts of the aforesaid Petty Port Customs, to be discontinued as aforesaid, Brail be and they are hereby limited and restrained to the Customs usually levied and collected at any Gate or Gates, Avenue or Avenues of the said City of Edinburgh, lor such Ale, Beer, Wines, Spirits and foreign Liquors as shall be brought in there for private Use, and not for Sale, and for all Manner of Vivers, all Grain, great or final), of any Kind, and for all Hay, Grass, Straw, Lint, lint seed and rape seed, of the Growth of Great Britain, and Wool and Wool manufactured, Skins and Hides dressed and undressed, and for Linen Cloth of all Sorts, being the Produce of Great Britain, and for Meal, Malt and Cheese, and for all Stones, Lime, Timber and all other Materials for building, all Coals, Peits, Turfs, Tallow and all Manner of Household Furniture which shall be brought into the said City of Edinburgh or Liberties thereof, by Horses, Carts, Carriages, Sledges, Slypes or any other Manner of way.

it. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall presume to demand or take any Duty for any of the Goods herein before specified and described (except as herein is after excepted) every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Judge competent, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, for which any Duty shall be demanded and taken.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend to, or prevent, or prejudice the Payment of the Duty, called The Causey Mail, or Duty on Shod Carts, payable to the said City; and also all Duties chargeable on all Ale, Beer, Wine, Spirits and foreign Liquors which are for Sale; and all Duties chargeable upon all Coals, Peits, Turfs and Timber to be imported or brought in from Leith into the said City or Liberties thereof by Carts, Sledges or Slypes; and also ail Duties chargeable upon Hearses and Hackney Coaches, and.all Duties upon all Sugars, Tobaccoes and Soap; and the Duties chargeable upon all Timbers, Lint, lint seed and rape seed not of the Produce of Great Britain; and on all Hemp, Iron, Tar and other foreign Commodities which shall be brought in on Carts, Sledges or Slypes, Horses Burdens or any other Manner of way whatsoever, into the said City or Privileges thereof, from every Place; and the Duties on all Goods whatsoever, other than those particularly exempted from the same as before mentioned, which shall be brought in on Carts, Sledges or Slypes, into the said Civy or Liberties thereof, by any Person who is a common Carter; and that the said City shall continue to enjoy, levy and receive the other Customs and Duties to them belonging, as particularly after specified, videlicet, the Meal and Corn Market Customs, the Fish Market Customs, and Board Mails, the Fruit Market Customs, the Poultry and Bread Market Customs, Stand and Board Mails, the Land Cloth Market, the Land P'lefiu Market Cufrofns, the Dues and Customs of the Tallow, Iron, Weighage, the Cu froms chargeable on all Sorts of Cattle at the House of the Muir, and Sheep Flaskes, the Cuffiom of one Mark upon each Pack of all foreign Goods, the Custom of Bush Mail for all Timber and other Goods brought into the Timber Hoff or Bull at Leith, the Shore Dues, one Mark if Tun of Goods and other Duties payable for all Goods imported to or exported from the Harbour of Leith, the Duties and Cuflems payable for Weighage and Lyage, and of all Goods whatever weighed or lodged in the weigh houses or Edinburgh or Leith, the Market Cullorn for Leather, and the Import or Duty on Wines, Spirits or foreign Liquors, with all other Duties and Customs belonging to the said City not hereby exp rely discontinued as aforesaid; and that the sail

4 Q several

3 Co. I. C r

9 Geo. 2. c. 13.

Petty Port cti stoms described.

Demanding nnv Duly for Goods described ic\feits 20s. Sterling.

Not to prevent the Payment of Duties here enumerated.

several Dues, Duties and Customs last mentioned snail be, remain and be paid in such Manner, and by such Means and Methods, as they were made payable before the passing of this or the above in Part recited Acts; anything herein, or in the above in Part recited Adds of Parliament or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas the Houses and Buildings in the said City of Edinburgh, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, are much exposed to Fire by reason of the Nearness to each other and the Height thereof, many Families inhabiting under one and the same Roof; and whereas for the Relief of such Persons as shall fuf fer by Fire, many of the Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Buildings within the said City, Suburbs and Liberties, have (with the Consent and Appr hation of the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City) entered into mutual Covenants and Agreements to subject themselves to the Payment of certain small Sums (in Proportion to the Value and Extent of their Property) to create and establish a General chari tabic Fund or Stock for their mutual Relief in case of Accidents by Fire, to be put under the Directions and Management of Persons chosen by the Contributors to such General charitable Fund, which by Ex 4 perience has been found to be much for the Benefit and Advantage of the said City, Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and will be much more useful and beneficial, if the Bonds given or entered into by the Contri butors as aforesaid, could be made areal Charge upon such Houses or Buildings for which such Contribution was made, without taking Infeoffment, the Expense whereof will in many Cases exceed the Sum men clause for fecu tioned in such Bond Now for promoting and encouraging so good and charitable a Design, Be it furring the payment there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of June one thousand seven towards hundred an(j twenty-eight it shall and may be lawful to and for the Managers or Directors of the said gc acharitawefund charitable Fund or Stock for the Time being, and their Successors in Office, to take and receive from for Relief of suf such Person and Persons as hath or have signed, or entered into the Articles or Covenants for contributing, ferers by Fire at or shall hereafter signor enter into Articles or Covenants to contribute to the said General Fund or Stock, Edinburgh, a Bond or Bonds, carrying Interest payable to such Personas is or shall be appointed Cashier to the said Contributors for the Time being, and his successors in the said Office, for such Sum or Sums of Money as hath, have or shall be contributed by such Person or Persons as hath, have or shall sign such Articles or Covenants for the said General charitable Fund for the purposes aforesaid; and the said Cashier for the Time being, and his successors in Office shall, and he is hereby required with all convenient Speed to carry, deliver or tender, or cause to be carried, tendred or delivered such Bond and Bonds so given as aforesaid, to the Office kept by the Clerk, or Keeper of the Register for Seizins within and for the said City of Edinburgh; and the said Clerk and Keeper of the said Register is hereby directed and required to register such Bond and Bonds, and to deliver back the same duly regiflred within twenty-four Hours after such Bond or Bonds is and are offered at such Register office, with a Certificate upon the Back of each Bond so tendred or delivered, duly signed by the Clerk or Keeper of such Register, mentioning the Day and Time of the Day such Bond shall be regiflred, and also the Book and Page or Pages of such Book wherein such Bond or Bonds is or are regiflred or recorded; and such Clerk or Keeper shall and may demand for regiflring of each Bond, and writing and signing the Certificate thereof, the Sum of one Shilling Sterling and no more; and that such Sum and Sums of Money due or to grow due upon such Bond or Bonds shall, from and after the Day and Time the same shall be so regiflred and certified, be and the same is and are hereby declared and enacted to be a real Charge and Encumbrance upon such House, Tenement, Houses or Tenements, Building or Buildings, for or or in Consideration whereof such Bond or Bonds was or were given or entered into; and that in all Cases where there shall happen to be any Dispute between Creditors or other Claimants, such Bond and Bonds shall be classed, ranked and preferred according to the Day and Time of the Day the same was or were regiflred, and shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be of the same Validity, Force and effect, as if formal Infeoffments had been taken on such Bond and Bonds of the Date of which the same shall respectively be regiflred; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, for repealing so much of two acts of Parliament therein mentioned as requires persons to qualify themselves to continue in Offices or Employments for the Space of six Months, after the Demile of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

C Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves, taking the Oaths, Y. before 28 Nov. 1728, indemnified, Persons who have qualified themselves since 11 June 1727, also indemnified. Not to extend to Offices "actually avoided or filled up. Officers in Scotland taking the Oaths at Westminster, to transmit within three Months a Certificate thereof to Scotland. Justices at the late King's Demise, and commissioned "11 June 1727, to qualify themselves before 28 Nov. 1728. Justices at the late King's Demise, and "commissioned by his present Majesty before 13 Feb. 1727, and since u June 1727, having qualified them "not obliged to qualify again.

EXP.

Part of the Act Ann. C 8.

6 Ann. C 7. repealed.

6

VII. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majests Person and Government, and of the Succession. to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, and also by another act made in the sixth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, all Officers thereby continued for the Space of six Months after the Demise of her said late Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, unless sooner removed or discharged by the next in Succession, are obliged to take the Oaths therein mentioned, and to 3 ' do

A.D. 1728. Anno primo Georgii II. Stat. 2. C. 23. 669

Jo all other Acts requisite by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to qualify themselves to be and conti nue in such their respective Places, Offices and Employments, within such Time and in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties and Disabilities, as they mould or ought to do, had they been newly elected,

appointed, constituted and put into such Offices, Places or Employments in the usual and ordinary Way: C And whereas so much of the said Acts as relates to the taking the Oaih of Office, was repealed by an Act ' of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making further Provisions to enable Pefforts pojf jjeel'C

of Offices at the Demise of his late Majesty to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices, and for alter' ' S

ing and explaining the Atts of Parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying Persons for continuing in £ Offices, and to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demise of his late majesty, his Heirs and Successiors; and for continuing such Lazvs as would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament: And whereas the Obligation to take the other Oaths, and to do the Acts by the said Statutes required, to qualify Persons to continue in their respective Offices as aforesaid, hath occassioned many Inconveniences Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Acts as requires any Person or Persons to take the said Oaths therein mentioned, or to do any other Act requisite by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to qualify himself or themselves as aforesaid, in respect of his or their being continued in any Office, Place or m ployment for the Space of six Months as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby absolutely repealed.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and hoi den at Westminster, the twenty-third Day of January, Amo Domini ' J \ one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE II. by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, there ' fc. f being the second Session of this present Parliament.' Jord

And continued by Adjournments and Prorogations to the twenty first Day of January in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign,

CHAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cycler and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt aft.

EXP.

XI. AND whereas many majfters or Makers of Malt, in order to the defrauding his Majesty of the Penalty on

A Duty and preventing the Officers from taking and keeping a true Account of the Corn or Grain

by them steeping orfteeped, and making into Malt, do in the Absence of the Officers remove Part of their

Corn or Grain out of the Cistern or Wetting Sat, and mix the same with Corn or Grain of a former relating bento Wetting, and supply the Place of the Corn or Grain so removed with fresh Corn or Grain, and do also fee iyr. z. 04. ' mix their several Couches and Floors in such Manner, that the Officers for the said Duties cannot distin 2 6 e JO

guish one Wetting from another For Remedy whereof Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid"

during the Continuance of the Duties upon Malt no Maltster or Maker of Malt, other than Com fffiz/c.z.' pounders for the said Duties, shall, during the Continuance of the said Duties, mix or cause to be mixed j. c. 3. his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt of one Wetting or Steeping, or any Part thereof, with 6 Cm. j. C 21. his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt of a former Wetting or Steeping, or any Part thereof, 9gejc 3 or shall mix or cause to be mixed any of his, her or their Couches or P'loors, with any Corn or Grain of a 4"

former Wetting or Steeping, before the same is put on the Kiln for drying, on Pain of Forfeiture of the Sum of five Shillings for every Bushel of Corn so mixed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Forfeiture of five Shillings for Penalty how to every Bushel shall be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such Ways, Adeans and Methods, as any Fine, be levied. Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, See farther Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer 3 Gco ct in Scotland, and that one Adoiety of such Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and g e af I the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same. 27 Cm. 2. C 2.

3 3 Geo. 2. c. 3

CAP. II %, 1'aaliht

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar Arts.

ters.

EXP.

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

12 Anne. 9.

For Matters concerning the Duties hereby granted see 2 Geo. 2. C is.

1 Geo. 1. Stat.

I, C 2.

6 Geo. 1. c. 4

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thou hand Pounds by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

"'!(ix/rbi

Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in tyre twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and upon /lamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty's Supply, and for Allowances on exporting made iparcs of Leather, Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, and for di/lribv.tion of four thousand Pounds due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun money, and to adjust the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries, and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the south-sea Company; and for appropriating the Moneys granted to her Majesty, certain Duties, Rates, or Impositions or additional Duties, Rates or Im 4 portions on Soap, Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuff's, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, were thereby granted to her Majesty fora Term or Terms of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and the yearly Sum of one hundred and five thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, and to be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, in case the same should extend thereto, should be computed and reckoned a'yearly Fund, and in case the Moneys arising into the Exchequer for the said Duties should not amount to the Sum of one hundred and five thousand Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising should be Part of the yearly Fund, towards answering and paying certain principal Sums thereinafter appointed to be paid, for the fortunate and blank Tickets in the Lottery thereby established, amounting together to one million eight hundred seventy six thousand four hundred Pounds, with Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per An 4 num, with certain Provisions for supplying the Deficiency of the said Fund of one hundred and five thousand Pounds per Annum from Time to Time, in case the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions should not be sufficient for that Purpose; and by the same Act all the Moneys arising by the said additional Du 4 ties. Rates or Impositions, not exceeding one hundred and five thousand Pounds per Annum, were appro priated to pay off the said several principal Sums with Interest in the Order and Course thereby directed; and by the same Act the annual Surplus of the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, beyond one hundred and five thousand Pounds per Annum, was referred for the Disposition of Parliament; and it was also provided by the said Act, That if before the End of the said 'Perm of thirty-two Years all the said Principal and Interest Moneys, and all other Payments and Charges by Virtue of the said Act, should be fully paid and discharged, then and from thenceforth the said Duties, Rates and Sums of Money thereby charged,

and the' Moneys' arising thereby, should be reserved for the Use of the Public, and should be disposed of by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mifakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the land-tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and for raising so much as is wanting to make up the Sinn of fourteen hundred thousand sounds intended to be raised bya Lottery for the public Service in the said Year, amongst other Things it is enacted, That yearly and every Year, during the said thirty-two Years, the Sum of one hundred and six teen thousand five hundred and seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings (in lieu of the aforesaid yearly Sum of one hundred and five thousand Pounds) to arise by or out of the Monks arising by the said additional or new Duties by the before recited Act granted, and to be brought into the: Receipt of Exchequer, in case the same should extend thereto, should be computed and reckoned the yearly fund; and in case the Mo 4 nies arising into the Exchequer shall not amount to one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings per Annum, then.part of the yearly Fund, towards the answering and paying off all and every the said principal Sums, amounting to one million eight hundred seventy six thousand four hundred Pounds, with Interest for the same after, the tespective Rates therein after mentioned, that is to say,

after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum for so much thereof as should be contained, in the fortunate Tickets to be drawn in Pursuance of the said Acts, and after the Rate of five Pounds per Cen turn per Annum for so much of the said principal Sums as should be contained in the other Tickets, commonly called Blank Tickets, to be drawn pursuant to the same Acts, with proper Provisions for making good the Deficiencies of the said new Fund of one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds twelve Shillings per Annum, as by the said recited Acts, Relation thereunto respectively being had,

more fully may appear: And whereas so much of the said principal Sum as was contained in the said fortunate Tickets, carrying an Interest after the 'Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, did amount to the Sum of seven hundred and nineteen thousand and forty Pounds, and so much thereof as was contained in the said blank Tickets carrying an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, did amount to the Sum of one million one hundred and fifty seven thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds, both which Sums together make the said Sum of one million eight hundred seventy six thousand four hundred Pounds

And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, For enabling the south-sea Company to enlarge the Capital Stock and Fund of the said Com rpanyu the said additional Duties) Rates orimpositions were continued for ever, and thereby the then remain ing principal Sums charged thereon, were empowered to be taken into the Capital Stock of the said South Sea Company, and the said Company was to be inti tied to an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Cen

turn

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 3. 671

turn ter Annum, redeemable by Parliament, for so much of the said principal Sums carrying Interest at soir Pounds per Centum per Annum, as should be so taken into their Capital Stock; and as to f much of the said principal Sums carrying an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as should be taken into the said Capital Stock, the said Company were to be entitled to an Annuity after the pate of live Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Feast day of the Nativity of Saint 'john the Buptijl which should be in the Year of oitr Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from and after the said Feast day then to an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, red cmable by Parliament, in lieu of the former Interest or Annuity payable for the fume, and to be charged on the said act ditional Duties, Rates or Impositions; and also by Virtue of the said Act the said south-sea Company were to be entitled to an additional Allowance for Charges of Management, to be afterwards settled and adjusted in respect of the whole Increase of their Capital by Virtue of that Act, to be charged proportionally on the respective Duties and Revenues on which the respective Debts that should be taken into their Capital were then charged: And whereas in Pursuance of the last recited Act the several following principal Sums were subscribed or taken into the Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company, videlicet. So many of the said principal Sums, carrying an Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as amount 4 CD together to the principal Sum of five hundred thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds;

and so many of the said principal Sums, carrying an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as amounted together to the principal Sum of eight hundred sixty five thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, both which principal Sums make together the principal Sum of one million four hundred and three thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, in respect whereof the said Company are now entitled to an Annuity of fifty six thousand one hundred and fifty-eight Pounds sixteen Shillings, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum for the said principal Sum of one million four hundred and three thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, redeemable by Parliament, charged on the said additional Duties,

Rates or Impositions: And whereas the additional Allowance to the said Company, by Virtue of the last re cited Act, for Charges of Management, hath been settled and adjusted at twelve thousand Pounds per An 4 num, and the proportional Part thereof, in respect of the said Sum of one million four hundred and three thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, which by Virtue of the said last recited Act is charged or charge able upon the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, amounts by Computation to the yearly Sum of six hundred forty six Pounds twelve Shillings and twopence halfpenny: And whereas all the Rest and Residue of the several principal Sums so as aforesaid charged on the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds and twelve Shillings, to arise out of the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions (over and beyond the Sums foas aforesaid taken into the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company) have been paid off and discharged, by Means whereof and of the Provisions in the said last recited Act, the said former Fund is cealed and determined, and the said additional Rates,

Duties or Impositions stand now charged only with the said Annuity of fifty six thousand one hundred and fifty-eight Pounds sixteen Shillings, payable to the south-sea Company, redeemable by Parliament, and the said proportional annual Sum of six hundred forty six Pounds twelve Shillings - and twopence half penny, payable to the said Company for Charges of management as aforesaid, and subject thereto, the Surplus of the Moneys arising from the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions is liable to the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have consented Bank of rngund and agreed to advance and pay into the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer the Sum of one million two to adwnce hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, at the Times and in Manner herein after mentioned, for the Purchase of an Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds to be paid to them and their Successors for ever, subject to Redemption by Parliament, to be charged on the said Surplus Moneys to arise for the additional Duties,

Rates or Impositions, so subject as aforesaid:: 'we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous effectually to enable your Majesty to secure and preserve the Commerce, Privileges and Possessions of your Majesty and your Subjects, and the Balance of Power in Europe, by a just, safe and honourable Peace, and at the same Time to raise the Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty for these Purposes in the easiest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Majesty, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the filing's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That yearly and every Year, from and after the Feast day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twen An Annuity of ty nine, a certain yearly Sum or Fund of fifty thousand Pounds, being after the Rate of four Pounds per so efla centum per Annum, for or upon the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to be raised k1-1*211, by this Act, be settled and established and be payable in the Manner and Form herein after expressed and declared, for satisfying the Annuities to be purchased in Pursuance of this Act from Time to Time, until the Redemption thereof, by Parliament, according to the Proviso or Provisoes herein after for that Purpose contained.

II. And for the better securing and establishing the said Fund, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said yearly Fund or Sum of fifty thousand Pounds 'shall be and is hereby charged upon, and payable out of all the Overplus or Surplus Moneys of the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, so Charged upon granted as aforesaid, which shall from time to time remain in the Exchequer, after satisfying or reserving Louie's of the there sufficient to satisfy so much as shall be incurred or grown due to the said south-sea Company upon their additional dc said Annuity, and additional Allowance for Charges of Management; and the Commissioners of his ma ties, jesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for to oe pajd the Time being, shall, and they are hereby required quarterly in every Year, after the said Feast day of teriy from a

the June 17^9.

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

t John the Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred on the respective Feast days of Sami Michael the Archangel, of the Nativity of

nnmnrrjfi/nn nr f !io rsl/>(tr>n atsiv* r ff ta o t\to 14-rv va, 1 B

Times of Payment by the Bank of the 1, 250,000l.

If the Money be paid in Advance before the Time appointed, Bank to have a discount of 4.!. percent,

On Payment of the Money, Bank intitled to the Annuity.

Treasury to sign Orders for paj' ir.ent of the An ffuiity.

Annuity a Per anal Estate, &c.

the Nativity of Sain

and twenty-nine, viz. on the respective featt irtays ot aamt Micnael toe Archangel, of the jnativity ot our Lord Christ, of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and of the Nativity of Saint John the bap tijl, in each Year, or within six Days after such Feast days respectively, to cause the Overplus or Surplus Moneys of the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, to be computed accordingly, and to cause such Surplus or Overplus Moneys as shall appear upon such respective Computations, from time to time, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, to be set apart, reserved ard applied for and towards the making good the said yearly Fund or Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, or the quarterly Proportions thereof, without diverting or misapplying any of the Moneys, which, by the said Act of the sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, ought to be reserved or applied for or towards satisfying the said Annuity or additional Allowance to the said south-sea Company.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required and enjoined to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the full and entire Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in Manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof on or before the second Day of April which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and the other Moiety on or before the sixth Day of october.which shall be in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and that in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall make Failure in Payment of the said Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Tenor of the Directions hereby given or enacted for Payment thereof, then the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's Name, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, by Action of Debt or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys whereof they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Suit, Bill or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Damages after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, bcudes full Costs of Suit, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Capital Stocks and Funds, shall he and ate hereby made subject and liable thereto.

IV. Provided always, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall judge it convenient for his Majesty's Service, that any Part or Parts of the said Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds so as aforesaid appointed to be paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, should be paid in Advance by them on any Day or Days before or sooner than any of the respective Days before appointed for Payment of the same in Moieties, and the same Governor and Company shall voluntarily consent to pay the same in Advance accordingly; that then and in every such case the said Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer may, and have hereby Power to allow to the same Governor and Company, out of every such Payment in Advance, a Rebate or Discount, after a Rate not exceeding four pounds/w Centum per Annum, upon the Moneys so paid in Advance, from the respective Day or Days of such Payment, to the Day on which the same is herein before appointed to be paid as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Payment by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the said Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, at the Times and in Manner aforesaid, the said Governor and Company, and their successors and Assigns, shall be entitled to have, receive and enjoy, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer aforesaid, by and out of the said yearly Fund by this Act established as aforesaid, one Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine"; and to be paid and payable to them, their successors and Assigns, by quarterly Payments, at the Feasts of Saint Michael the Archangel, of the Birth of our Lord Chiift, of the Annunciation of the Defied Virgin Mary, and of the Nativity of Saint John the bapti/l in every Year, by even and equal Portions for ever, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso or Provisoes herein after for that Purpose contained, and that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free from all Manner of Taxes, Impositions or Charges whatsoever.

VI. And for the better and more regular Payment of the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their successors and Assigns for ever, subject to Re.

as aforesaid, an Order or Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for the payment thereof; and after the signing thereof, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any of the Lid Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them, nor shall any Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Order or Orders so signed as aforesaid.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be adjudged to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

J VIII. And

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 3. 673

VIII. 'And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times after th? Bw n. fitvocy twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred ntid twenty-nine, the Overplus or Surplus Moneys 1: C n>aj« of the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, shall be so low or deficient, as that the Moneys atifen t j therefrom into the Exchequer, at the End of any the said quattcrly Feasts, shall not be sufficient to pay

and discharge the quarter's Annuity then due and payable, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, then and so often and in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Quarter shall and may he supplied out of the Overplus Moneys of the said additional Rates, Duties and Impositions, arising in any luhfcquent Quarter; and in case at any Time or Times after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, such Produce shall be so low or deficient at the End of any one Year (computing the same to end at Christmas Day yearly) as that the same shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the whole year's Annuity then grown due, then every such yearly Deficiency shall, from Time to Time, be answered and made goodbye and out of the first Supplies, which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiency shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the surpiufies, Excesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so moni.s

issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced thereto by and out of the first out of tli smk supplies to be then after granted in Parliament. inf fl"s 'j te

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall he any Sur rcpjc< 'a plus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the find additional Duties or Impositions, at the End of any

one Year (computing the same to end at Chrijhnas Day yearly) after the said Annuity of fifty thousand pan; jn, I, tv Pounds and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Repayment by Parlia on p cpayment merit to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors or Assigns, of the f tha Money to said Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount or AT, ie. ba2k' batement whatsoever to be made out of the same or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of the said an lu "!y toceal<: 'nuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, then and not till then, the said Annuity or yearly Sum shall from thenceforth cease and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising by the said Surplus or Overplus Moneys of the said additional Duties, Rates or Impositions, shall not be issued or applied to any Life or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And in regard it is intended that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy thousand Pounds,

may be redeemed by any Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and that as the said Principal Money shall be paid off, the said Annuity shall proportionably fink and be abated; 'Be it After June therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times after the twenty or.pay fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty. Pay memofasum ment be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England of any Sum or Sums of Mo not less than ney (not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time) in Part of the said Principal Sum at pjf/of

which the said Annuity is redeemable, and also if Payment be then also made of all Arrears of the said An the Annuity to nuity, then from and and after every such Payment so made, so much of the said Annuity, as shall bear cease. Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said whole Principal Sum, shall cease, determine, and be understood to be redeemed; anything in this or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the k tocont; n, Bank of England, and their Successors, shall continue and be a Corporation, and shall enjoy all the Capa acurporttiontill cities, Powers, Privileges and Advantages to them as a Corporation belonging, until the complete Re Redcmpii. of demption of the whole of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, according to the bethe whole Sum.] fore mentioned Provisoes for that Purpose; any former or other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And for the better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England at all Times rsankmaytt3rs hereafter to support their own and the public Credit, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the for the Annuit. said Governor and Company shall or may, and they are hereby empowered, at any Time or Times hereafter, to assign, transfer, or otherwise to dispose of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds

by this Act efla blifted, every or any Part or Parcel, Parts or Parcels thereof, to any Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in such Manner and Form as the said Governor and Company shall think proper; subject nevertheless to such Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid, and without Power to enlarge their Capital Stock by or out of the same.

XV. And whereas in Pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the 7 Ann, C 7.

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven bitn dred and nine, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England did become entitled to a certain Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, being after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in respebb of the Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty leven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten

674 C 3.

anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

Pence halfpenny, being the Amount of certain Exchequer sills by the said Act directed to be delivered up by the said Governor and Company to be cancelled, which Annuity was thereby charged on certain Duties on Houses therein mentioned, and was made redeemable by Parliament on Repayment to the same Governor and Company of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny: whereas by an Act of Parliament made in 3 Geo. 1. c. 3. 4 the third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Eirft, intituled, An Act for redeem ing several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to fanner Provisoes of Redemption, and for securing to them several neto Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament, and for obliging them to advance further Sums not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, at five Pounds per Cen ' tum, _ as shall befound necessary to be employed in lefining the national Debts and Encumbrances, and for continuing certain Provisions made for the Expense of his aaajejlfs Civil Government, and for Payment of Annultes for merly purchased at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, mid for other Purposes in this Act mentioned, the said Duty on Houses, on which the said last mentioned Annuity was charged, was added to and made Part of the Aggregate Fund established by the said Act; and the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, was thereby reduced to an Annuity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, redeem able by Parliament, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in respect of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny; and by or in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England became entitled to one other Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, being after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for or in respect of the Sum of two millions, being the Amount of certain other Exchequer Bills by the same Act directed to be delivered up by the same Governor and Company to be cancelled, which last mentioned Annuity was thereby charged on the said Aggregate Fund, and was made redeemable by Parliament on Repayment, to the same Gover nor and Company, of the said Sum of two millions: And whereas by a subsequent Act of Parliament, jicco. 1. C 9. 4 made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Eirft, intituled, An Act for continuing the several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand Pounds, to the Bank of Pngland, until Midsummer one thou fanclseven hundred and twenty seven; and from thence for reducing the same to seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament, and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erased Bank Bills or Notes, it was amongst other things enacted the said two last mentioned several Annuities should be reduced accordingly; and it was also thereby provided and enacted, That if at any Time or Times thereafter Payment should be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of any Sum or Sums of Money (not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time) in Part of the said several principal Sums of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and two millions, or either of them, so much of the said respective Annuities attending the same, as should

bear Proportion to the respective Sums so paid in Part of the said respective principal Sums, should cease,

determine and be abated, as by the said several last mentioned Acts of Parliament, relation thereto respee^ Geo. z, St at. 4 tively being had, more fully may appear: And whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the

- C 4 first year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and Saint christopher's Debentures for Annuities at three Pounds per Centum, and jor applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues, the Sum of one million hath been paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Part of the said principal Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence half pen 4 ny, for redeeming forty thousand Pounds Annum, being a proportional Part of the said Annuity of fe 1 venty one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Earthings; so that there is now subsisting of the same Annuity only the yearly Sum of thirty-one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, which is redeemable on Payment to the same Governor and Company,

of the remaining principal Sum of seven hundred seventy five thousand and twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny: 'Now to the Intent that a sufficient Sum or Sums may be raised and applied, not only to redeem the Remainder of the said last mentioned Annuity, but also to pay to the same Governor and Company the further Sum of fire hundred thousand Pounds, towards redeeming a proportional Part of their said Annuity of eighty thousand Pounds, payable in respect of the said Sum of two millions. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as are or shall be in the Receipt of Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excelles or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Maiy which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine (after Payment of, or reserving sufficient to pay, such Moneys as have been directed by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same Surplusses, Excelles or Overplus Moneys) there shall be blued, paid and applied to the said Governor and Campany of the Bank of England, at the said Feast day, and afterwards quarterly, from Time to Time as the same shall arise, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall on such quarter day be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, for or towards redeeming the said Remainder of the before mentioned Annuity of seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, until the same Payments shall in the whole amount to the Principal Sum of seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and that as the said Payments of Principal Money shall from Time to Time be made, a proportional Part of the said Annuity attending thereon shall also from Time to Time cease, determine, and be abated for the Benefit of the Public.

ut of the sink ing Fund as shall anse from 25 March 1719. Money to be paid quarterly to the Bank for redeeming the Remainder of the Annuity of 73, 00? 1. 2 $. 3d. 313.

Anno iccundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

C 4 — 7. 675

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of the same Surpluses, Ex 5o?, cco!. fr, or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (after Payment of, or reserving sufficient for redeeming a prepaying the said Sunt of seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and pr, llijnal l.'al! f ten Pence halfpenny) there shall be issued, paid and applied, in one entire Payment, to the same Cover 3a-0"'" °* nor and Company, the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for redeeming a proportional Part of their before mentioned Annuity of eighty thousand Pounds, or by fuel: other quarterly Payments, in Part of the said five hundred thousand Pounds, until the whole be compleated, as the same Governor and Company stall voluntarily agree to accept of; and that when and as such Payment of five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, is made, a proportional Part of the same Annuity of eighty thousand Pounds shall from time to time cease, determine and be abated for the Benefit of the Public.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall The Remainder arise for the said Surplusses, Excenes or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (over and afp"t, w beyond what will satisfy and pay the several Sums before directed to be issued and paid thereout, and such

Charges as have been heretofore made therein by Authority of Parliament) shall be appropriated, re Debts incurrcj served and applied to and for the further discharging the Principal and Interest of such national Debts and before 45 Dcl. Encumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and7l6 sixteen, and are declared to be national Debts, and were provided for by act or Acts of Parliament, in fuel: cfff bar!i Manner and Form as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, to be discharged therewith, C " j7 or out of the same, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever. i^ceo.fc.

jo Geo. 2. r. 6.

CAP. IV if Gei. z, C 4.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine. EXP. 3 s. in the Pound.

for Application of the Surplus of the Duties arising by this Act see 2 Geo. 2. c. 18.

CAP. V.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from cannats Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford in the Poll Road towards Chester; and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to I Food Endzni Ogley Hay, and also from the said City of Lichfield to High Bridges in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield.

PR.

The Tolls and Powers took Place 1 May 1729, and are to continue for 21 Years,

1

CAP. VI.

An Act for making good the Loss occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four.

WHEREAS the Cash Room belonging to the Office of William Powlctt Esquire (commonly called

Lord tfiuiam Powlett) one of the Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, was, betwixt Monday the first and wednesday the third of February one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, broke into, and there was stolen thence, and carried away, the Sum of four thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds fourteen Shillings and sixpence, notwithstanding all due Care was taken for Security of the said Cash

to the Directions of the act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, of glorious Memory, entitled, hi Act for the better Observation of the Course ans & g w. j.

ticntly used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and there was not any neglect or Default in the said Teller, or C 28.

in any of the Officers or Servants intruded or employed by or under him; and it is just and reasonable to make Provision for making good the said Loss, and to declare the Indemnity and Discharge of the said

in respect thereof may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, isc.

"a, 101l. rr. 6 d. stolen out of Lord William Pawlctt's Office, to be replaced there out of the Sinking "Fund." PR.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more effectual 'collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Dudes granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

4 \ % 7 HER EA S by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William 7 w. 3. C it. ' the Third, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, and an Act made in the g w

eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enforce the Act for the Increase and Encou '3" '

ragement of Seamen, and also another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty fifteen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better collectin* and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Ann CI I 4 Hospital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof, and for the Preserving her Majesty's Harbour Moorings, there was given and established, for the Support of th'e said Hospital, a Duty of sixpence per < Merifcm, payable by all Seamen; and particularly by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, it was 4 (amongst other things) enacted, That the said Duty should be paid by every Seaman, and other Person whatsoever, that should serve or be employed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or by any other Per ' foti or Persons whatsoever, in any of her Majesty's Ships, or in any Ship or vessel belonging to any of the subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or Dominions thereunto belonging, and by every Mailer or Owner

4 R 2 4 navigating 1

1

676 C 7. Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

navigating "his own Ship or vessel, whether employed upon the High Sea or Coasts of the same, or in any Port, Bay or Creek, other than and except such Persons, as by the Paid last mentioned Act are excepted and exempted from Payment of the Paid Duty; and it was, by the said last mentioned Act, further enacted, That for the better levying and coliefling the said Duty it should be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for s the Time being, to appoint such Person or Persons, as he or they should think fit, to be Receiver or Receivers of the said Duty, and also to authorise such Receiver or "Receivers tej depute and appoint the Col leftors, or other Officers of the Customs of the several Out Ports of this Kingdom, and of the Ports of the Kingdom of Ireland, or such others, as he or they should think fit, to collect and receive the same, which Power not extending to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, nor to his Ma 4 jessy's Colonies, Islands and Dominions in America, the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem has not hi therto heen collected in any of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions, notwithstanding the general Direction in the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, that the same should be paid by all Mailers, Owners, Seamen, and others employed in any Ships or Vessels belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, to the great Loss and Prejudice of the said hospital for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Acts heretofore made concerning the said the duty of 6d. Duty of sixpence per Menfem, and every Clause, Penalty, Power and Thing therein contained, and not per Menfem for altered by this present Act, shall extend, and from henceforth be construed, adjudged, deemed, and taken

sutto be to extench to ab Ships and Vessels belonging to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

by all Vessels1 within the said Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and every of them respectively, and belonging to within all and every his Majesty's Colonies, Islands and Dominions in America, as well as to those within Jersey, Guern Great Britain and Ireland; and that from henceforth every Seaman, and other Person whatsoever, that shall fey, C serve or be employed in any Ships or Vessels belonging, or that shall belong, to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or any of them respectively, or within any of his Majesty's Colonies, Islands or Dominions in America, and every Master or Owner working his own Ship or Vessel, whether the same be employed upon the High Sea or in any Exceptions. portj Harbour, Bay or Creek; other than such Apprentices under the Age of eighteen Years, as are exempted from Payment of sixpence per Menfem, by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of her a Ann, C 6. said late Majesty Queen Anne, and such Person or Persons as shall be employed in any Boat upon any the

Coasts of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions respectively, in taking Fish, which are brought ftefh on Shore, to be aeon fumed in the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions respectively, and every Person and Persons employed in Boats or Vessels, that trade only from Place to Place within any River of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions respectively, or in any open Boats upon the Coasts of the same 5 shall pay, and there shall be allowed and paid by every such Master, Owner, Seaman or other Person employed, or that shall be employed as aforesaid (except such Persons as are herein before excepted) the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem, of lawful Money of Great Britain, or the Value thereof in the Money of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions respectively, and proportionably for a fnorter Time than a Month, during the Time he or they shall be employed in, or belong to any such Ship or vessel, for the better Support of the said Hospital, and to augment the Revenues thereof, for the Purposes in the said several recited Acts mentioned; which said Duty shall be paid by the Masters, Commanders and Owners of all and every such Ships and Vessels respectively, who are hereby authorised, empowered and required to deduct and detain the same out of the Wages, Shares or other Profits payable or accruing to every Seaman or other Person employed in any such Ship or Vdid, and liable to the Payment of the said Duty, if such Seaman or other Person shall have or be entitled to any such Wages, Shares or Profits. fteqvft °4 ltlc

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more easy coliefling and colltqoti^jrthe levy'11g the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark anc! Ports of the said Man, and in his Majesty's Colonies, Islands and Dominions in America, it shall and may be lawful for the loajtds, C Person or Persons, who is, are or shall be appointed Receiver or Receivers of the said Duty, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, to depute and appoint any Officer or Officers of the Customs of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, in the several Ports of the said Islands, Colonies and Dominions respectively, or such other Person or Persons, as he or they shall think fit, to collect the same; which said Collectors, so to be appointed, are hereby authorised and required to collect the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem in the several Ports of the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and of every of them respectively, and also in the Ports of all and every his Majesty's Colonies, Islands and Dominions in America, according to such Instructions as shall from Time to Time be sent to them in Writing by such Receiver or Receivers; and for the said Collectors Case and Pains therein, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, to make such Allowances to them out of the said Duty, as he or they shall judge reasonable.

Collectors may JR. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Collectors of the said Duty in the mmmtmslies, Ports of the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and in the Ports of the said colo C 00 a; b. njes> Islands and Dominions in America, so to be appointed as aforesaid, and every of them respectively for the Time being, shall be, and is, and are hereby fully authorised and required to summon and examine upon Oath all and every the Masters, Commanders and Owners of all Ships or Vessels belonging to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, within the said Islands, Colonies and Dominions, or any of them respectively, in such and the same Manner as the Receiver or Receivers of the said Duty, and his or their Deputy or Deputies are authorised and empowered by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, to.

summon and examine the Mailers, Commanders and Owners of Ships and Vessels belonging to the Subjects

of

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II.

C

77

of Great Britain and Ireland; and if any such Master, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessel be Matters, C rc.

longing to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the said Islands, Colonies and fufing, foifcit

Dominions, or any of them respectively, shall refuse or neglect, when summoned, to appear or to make such Discovery upon Oath, as by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne is required (which Oath such i anr.ae, C 17.

Collectors for the Time being, and every of them respectively, is and are hereby empowered and required

to administer) then and in every such case, every such Master, Commander and Owner, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, or the Value

thereof in the Money of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions where the same shall be incurred, to be recovered and applied in such Manner and to such Uses as in that Behalf is herein after mentioned and

directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Mailers, Com traorrs f, 0m manders and Owners of Ships or Vessels belonging to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, His Heirs or Sue the jfl.ndsto cessors, within the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney., Sark and Man, or any of them, or within Great Britain, any of his Majesty's Colonies, Islands or Dominions in America, who shall trade or sail from the said part 'o^fhejc Islands, Colonies or Dominions, or any of them, to Great Britain or Ireland and back again to the said Duty as shall be Islands, Colonies or Dominions, shall pay such Part and Proportion of the said Duty of sixpence per due at thoir Ar menfem, as shall be due from such Masters, Commanders and Owners respectively at the Time of their riv.algrcat Arrival, and during their Continuance in Great Britain or Ireland, within the said Kingdoms of Great Bri 7eouit' tain and Ireland respectively, and such Part and Proportion thereof as shall be due from them respectively, part at tht it at the Time of their Return to, and during their Continuance in the said Islands, Colonies or Domini Return, ons, within the said Islands, Colonies and Dominions respectively; and that all and every the Masters,

Commanders and Owners of Ships or Vessels belonging to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or succcflb.s, within the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or either of them, who shall trade or fail Traders from from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions, and back again to Great 7re3t Britain or Ireland, flnll pay the said Duty of sixpence per Menfcm only in the said Kingdoms of g^eat LH '

Britain and Ireland respectively, and no Part thereof in any of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions.

V. And whereas by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, the Masters, Commanders and Owners of Ships m his Majesty's Service, are exempted from being summoned and examined by the Receivers of the said Duty, and their Deputies, in such Manner as the Masters, Commanders and Owners of Merchant Ships and other private Vessels are thereby made liable to, and also from the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed and infiifted for refusing to obey such Summons and make such Discovery as by the said last mentioned Act is required, and for neglecting to pay the said Duty within the Time thereby limited for Payment thereof, which Exemption has been claimed by and allowed to the Masters, Commanders and Owners of Merchant Ships and other private Vessels hired and employed by the Commissioners or other Officers of the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Post office and other public Offices of the Crown,

whereby the Masters, Commanders, Owners and Sailors belonging to such Ships and Vessels have often avoided the Payment of the said Duty, contrary to the true Meaning of the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, which only intended to exempt the Commanders and other Officers of his Majesty's Ships of War from such Summons, Examinations and Penalties For Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Receiver and Receivers of the said Duty so appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, and his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to summon and examine upon Oath all and every the Masters, Commanders and Owners of Merchant Ships and other Vessels hired or employed, or that at any Time hereafter shall be hired or employed by the Commissioners, or other Officers of the Navy, Victualling,

Ordnance, Customs, Post office or any other public Office or Offices of the Crown, for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, in such and the same Manner as such Receiver or Receivers, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, are by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, and by this present Matters ofjfer aft, directed and empowered to summon and examine the Masters, Commanders and Owners of other chant Ships Merchant Ships and private Vessels; if any such Master, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessel h, r5.<1 by coin hired or employed, or to be hired or employed by the Commissioners, or other Officers of any such public Navy0 may

Office or Offices, for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, shall refuse to examined by

appear, or to make such Discovery upon Oath, as by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne is required the Receivers, to be made by the Masters, Commanders and Owners of other Merchant Ships and private Vessels (which 10 Ann. C 17.. Oath such Receiver or Receivers, and his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, and every of them respectively, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) or shall neglect to pay such Moneys as on Refusal to be shall from Time to Time be due to the said Hospital, from such Master, Commander or Owner respectively, examined, for for or on Account of the said Duty, within the Time herein after limited and appointed for Payment feit 10

thereof; then and in every such Case every such Master, Commander and Owner of any Ship or Vessel so

hired or employed, or to be hired or employed by the Commissioners, or other Officers of any such public Office or Offices, for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors as aforesaid, so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered and applied in such Manner and for such Uses as in that Behalf is herein after mentioned and directed.

VI. And for the casier and more effectual collecting the said Duty of sixpence per Menfcm of and from the Masters, Commanders and Owners of Merchant Ships, and other private Vessels hired or employed, cr that shall be hereafter hired or employed by the Commissioners, or other Officers of such public Offices Secretaries of as aforesaid, for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: Be it further enacted by the Au the public of thority aforesaid, That the Secretaries or Chief clerks of the Navy Office, Victualling Office, Office of to give in a Ordnance, Customhouse, Post office, and all other public Offices of the Crown, usually hiring or em llft.of ips ploying Ships or Vessels for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall once in every xsrservice,

Year.

Anno secundo Georgii II.

6/8

C

7*

A.D. 1729.

on Penalty of 50 I.

Ivljfle sto pay the Duty before they are cleared inwards by the Custoxn House.

Year yearly, upon the first Day of January in each Year, or within twenty Days next following at the farthest, give and deliver to or into the Office of the Receiver or Receivers of the aid Duty in the Port of London, a true and exact List or Account of the Number and Names of all and every the Ships or Vessels that in the Year preceding every such Account shall have been hired or employed by the Commissioners, or other Officers of every such Office respectively, for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of all and every the Ships and Vessels which, at the Time of delivering in such Account, remain in the Service of every such Office respectively, and of all such as between every such Account hail be discharged from such Service, and of the Names of the Masters, Commanders and Owners of all and every such Ships and Vessels respectively, and also of the Numbers of Seamen, or other Persons that shall from Time Treasurer of the to Time he employed in every such Ship or Vessel; that no Treasurer, Paymaster or other Officer of or And °ss5fsw£° belonging to any such public Office or Offices, hall make out or pay any Bill for the Freight of any Ship anymasterftill or Vessel so hired or employed, or to be hired or employed for or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or he produce an Successors as aforesaid, or pay any Wages to any Master, Commander, Seaman or other Person employed

Acquittance or that shall be employed in any such Ship or Vessel, until every such Master, Commander or Owner re

from the Respectively shall and do produce and hew unto such Treasurer, Paymaster or other Officer respectively, an

ceiver, Acquittance or Certificate signed by the said Receiver or Receivers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, whereby it shall appear that such Master, Commander or Owner hath duly and fully paid and discharged the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem, and that he is not more than thirty Days in Arrear to the said Hospital; in case any Default, Neglect or Omission shall be made by any such Secretary, Chief Clerk, Treasurer, Paymaster or other Officer of or belonging to any of the said public Offices re spedbively, in any of the Adds, Matters or Things hereby directed to be by them respectively done and performed as aforesaid, or shall in any wise add contrary to the before mentioned Directions; then and in every of the said Cases every such Secretary, Chief Clerk, Treasurer, Paymaster and other Officer, so making Default, Neglect or Omission, cr adding contrary to such Directions as aforesaid, hail for every such Add, Default, Neglect or Omission, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered and applied in such Manner and for such Uses as in that Behalf is herein after mentioned and directed.

VII. And whereas by the said Add of the tenth of Queen Anne, the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem is directed to be paid by the Masters, Commanders or Owners of Ships or Vessels thereby made liable to pay the same, within fourteen Days after they hold be cleared inward by the Officers of the Customs,

which bath been found ineffectual, in as much as many Masters and Commanders of Ships and Vessels, after they have been cleared at the Customhouse, have wholly negiedded to pay the said Duty, whereby great Detriment and Loss hath happened to the said Hospital For Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all and every the Masters, Commanders and Owners of all Merchant Ships and other private Ships and Vessels whatsoever, by this Addor any of the said former ab made liable to the Payment of the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem, hall pay all such Moneys as hall from Time to Time be clue from them and every of them respectively unto the said Hospital, for or on Account of the said Duty, before any such Ships or Vessels final 1 he cleared inwards by the Officers of the Customs of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any of the Ports of this Kingdom of Great Britain, or of the said Kingdom of Ireland, or of the said Iflnnds of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or of any of them, or of any of his Majesty's Colonies, Ifiauds or Dominions in America; and that no Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Receiver, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter or other Officer whatsoever, of or belonging to the Customs of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, at any Time hereafter, clear inwards any Merchant Ship or private Vessel whatsoever, by this or any of the said former Adds made or declared liable to the Payment of the said Duly of sixpence per Menfem, or grant any Warrant, or give or make out any Cocquet, Transires, P, eturns or Discharges unto or for any such Ship or Vessel whatsoever, or shall permit or sufficr any such Ship or Vessel to go out of any the Ports before mentioned, until the said Master, Commander or Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel respectively shall and do produce and show forth unto such Officer or Officers, an Acquittance or Certificate, signed by the said Receiver or Receivers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, whereby it hall appear, that such Master, Commander or Owner or Owners have duly and fully paid and discharged the said Duty, and that he or they is not or ere more than thirty Days in Arrear to the said Hospital. or that they are exempted from the Payment of the said Duties by Virtue of the Exceptions herein, and in the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne contained; and every Master, Commander and Owner of any such Ship or Vessel who shall refuse or northeast gleet to pay the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem, in the Manner and within the Time herein before mentioned, limited and appointed for Payment thereof, and also every Customer, Coll Ror, Comptro ler, Receiver, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter and other Officer of the Customs, who hall make Default in any of the Premises enjoined them respectively by this at, or shall in any wise aft contrary to the Directions herein before mentioned, hall for every such Ilefufal, Neglect, Default or Act, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of this Kingdom, if such Forfeitures shall be incurred within Great Britain or Ireland, or to the Amount thereof in the Money of such Islands, Colonies or Dominions where the same shall be incurred, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as in that Behalf is herein after mentioned and directed.

VII. Provided, and belt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases, wherein by this Act an Oath is required or appointed to be taken, the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers sit all be accepted instead of such Oath, in such Manner and Form as by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom is directed and appointed; and if any such Quaker shall refuse to make such solemn Affirmation and Declaration in any Case, wherein any other Person is hereby required to take an Oath, every such Quaker so refusing hall, for every such Offence, be subject to the like Forfeitures and Penalties as any cxher Person refusing to take an Oath is made liable to by this Act; and in case any such Quaker hall, upon

his.

Masters, cu f!omc»s, ore. making Default, forfeit 20 1.

Quakers solemn Declaration to 'fee accepted in f«ead of an Oath.

A.D. 1729. Anno fe^undo Georgii II. c. 8. 679

his solemn Affirmation or Declaration, affirm or declare any Matter, which shall be false, or if any other Quakers or Person, before any such Receiver or other Person hereby authorised to administer Oaths, flail wilfully make others guilty of a false Oath, every such Quaker or other Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such of jalfc0ar, h fence, 1'uffcr and be liable to the like Fines, Pains, Penalties and Punishments as Persons convicted of wilful,

and corrupt Perjury are subject or liable to by the Laws of the respective Places where such Ossence shall be wilful icjuiy. committed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Forfeitures and Penal so>fcitmcj and ties which shall at any Time hereafter be incurred by Virtue of this Actor any Clause therein contained, l'enalties howto, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, shall be sued for and recovered in such Man bl! sued fur ner, and with such Costs of Suit as by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne is prescribed and directed for the Recovery of the Penalty or Forfeiture of twenty Pounds, hereby laid or infiidted upon the said Matters, Commanders and Owners of Ships or Vessels neglecting or refilling to appear, or make Discovery, or to pay the said Duty, in such Manner as by the said last mentioned Act is required and directed; that ail and every the Forfeitures and Penalties, which shall at any Time hereafter be incurred by Virtue of this Act, or any Clause therein contained, within the said Islands of Gueriifey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or the said Colonies, Islands or Dominions in America, or within any of them respectively, shall be sued lor and recovered within the said islands, Colonies, and Dominions respectively, in such and the same Manner as is usual in suing for and recovering other Forfeitures or Penalties incurred by Virtue of Penal Laws within the said Islands, Colonies and Dominions respectively, together with double Costs of Suit; and that one Moiety of all and every the said Forfeitures nd Penalties, when recovered, shall go and be to the Use of the Laid Hospital, and the other Moiety thereof to the use of such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same in Manner as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times hereafter, any Person or Persons shall be sued for any Matter or Thing which shall be done by Virtue or in Execution

hereof, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Mat General htue. ter in Evidence; and if upon any Trial the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or a Verdict shall pass for 2 Geo. 2. c. 36. the Defendant, such Defendant shall recover and be allowed treble Costs of Suit. 9>.

Concerning Seamen see farther, 6 Geo. 2. c. 25. S Geo. 2. c. 29. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30, 13 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 17. 14 Gw. 2. C 38. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. 18 Geo. 2. c. 31. 10 Gcs*

2. C 38. 22 Gcot 2. C 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47, 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to discharge the Trustees appoirrted by an Act of the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign (for raising Money upon the Effaces of the late Directors of the south-sea Company, and others) of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Ertates and effects as have been disposed of by the Trustees.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, entitled. An aff. j geo i.i.zz;

for raising Money upon the estates of the late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Cashier,

Deputy cafiler, and Accountant of the south-sea Company, and of John Aiflabie, Esquire, and Itkewife of James Crags Jen. Esquire, deceased, towards making good the great Loss and Damage ftijiained by the said

*; and for disabling such of the said Persons as are living to hold any Office or Place of truj under the Craven, or to Jit or vote in Parliament for the future; and for other Purposes in the said al expressed \ is amongst other Things enacted, That all and every the Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Possessions, Royalties, Franchises, Juris didtions and Privileges whatsoever, and all Appurtenances to them, every or any of them belonging or appertaining, and all Rights of Entry, Rights of Action, Titles, Conditions, Uses, Trusts, Powers and Authorities, and all leaf es for Life, Lives or Years, Pensions, Annuities, Rent charges and Hereditaments whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever they be, and ail and every Share and Shares in the Capital Stock or Stocks of any Corporation, Company or Society whatsoever, and ail Moneys due upon any Account or Accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other Debts and Securities for Debts, and all

ready Moneys, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandizes, Personal Ellate and effects whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, in Great Britain, Ireland, or elsewhere, which Sir John Fellowes, Baronet, (late Sub governor) Charles Joy, Esquire, (late Deputy governor) and William Afiell, Esquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Baronet, Sir John Blunt, Baronet, Sir Robert Chaplin, Baronet, Sir William Chapman, Knight and Baronet, Robert Ghefcr, Esquire, Stephen Child, Esquire, Peter Delaporte, Esquire, Francis Eyles, Esquire, C fames Edmonson, Esquire, Edward Gibbon, Esquire, John Gore, Esquire, Sir William Hammond, Knight,

Francis Hawes, Esquire, Richard Horsey, Esquire, Richard Houlditch, Esquire, Sir theodore Janffin,

Knight and Baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobson, Knight, Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, Baronet, Sir ' Harcourt Majors, Knight, William Morley, Esquire, a/nbrofe Page, Esquire, Colonel Hugh Raymond, Sa ' mud Read junior, Esquire, Thomas Reynolds, Esquire, Jacob Sawbridge, Esquire, William Tillard, Esquire,

and John Turner, Esquire, (late Directors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the south-sea, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery)

and also Robert Knight, late Treasurer or Cashier, Robert Surman, late Deputy cashier, John Grigsby,

late Accountant to the said Corporation, and John Aijabie, Esquire, every or any of them, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, every or any of them, upon the first Day of June Anno Domini one.

thousand seven hundred and twenty, or at any Time or Times afterwards, or which James Crags the elder, deceased, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him at the Time of his Death, was or were seized

cr

Anno secundo Georgii II.

680 C 9.

A.D. 1729.

or poffdl ed of, interested in, or entitled unto, in Law or Equity in their or any of their own Rights, or to his or their ownUseor Uses, or in Partnership with any others (except as in the said Act is excepted)

were, by Force and Virtue of the said Act, veiled and settled in Sir John eyes, Baronet, Sir Thomas Cross

John Rudge, Esquire, Matthew Lani, Esquire, Roger Huclfon, Esquire, now Sir Roger hudson,

Knight, Edmund Halsey, Esquire, John Lade., Esquire, Gabriel Roberts, Esquire, and Richard Hopkins,

Esquire, now Sir Richard Hopkins, Knight, thereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed of and concerning the same, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators

and Assignsof the same Trustees, from the respective Times in the said Act mentioned, to the Intent the same might be sold and disposed of, or otherwise applied to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act;

expressed concerning the same, and that the clear Moneys arising thereby should he appropriated to and for the Use of the south-sea Company, in such Manner as therein is expressed (except as in the said recited Act is excepted) subjsft to the paying and satisfying such Claims as should be duly made and allowed in Pursuance of the said Act, and also to the Payment of the several Allowances made by the said Act, to the said late Sub governor, Deputy governor, Directors, Cashier, Deputy cashier and Accountant of the said south-sea Company, in and by which said Act, as also by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, rela ting to the said Estates vested in the said Trustees, diverse Directions, Powers and Authorities are given to the said Trustees for the due Execution of the said Trull; in Pursuance of which said recited Act, and also of several subsequent Acts of Parliament, made for enlarging the Times limited for entering, hearing and determining Claims on the said Estates, diverse Claims were entered before the said Trustees, and all such Claims and all Questions and Differences which arose thereupon, are now finally ended and determi ned, in Pursuance of the first mentioned Act; but some few of the said Claims yet remain to be satisfied, the Claimants or their Representatives not calling for the Allowances thereupon made: And Whereas the several Purposes, for which the Estates of the said John Aijlabic and James Graggs, deceased, were so as aforesaid vested in the said Trustees, have been obtained and satisfied, by Means whereof, and of several Provisions in the said recited Act, their several and respective Estates, so veiled as aforesaid, have been revelled in the said John Aijlabic, and in the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of the said Janies Crags, respectively; as to the rest of the said Estates and Effects, very great Parts or Parcels of them have been sold or disposed of, but there are some few of the Lands and Hereditaments, and other Effects and Interests which remain yet unsold, and several of the Estates which have been sold, are not yet fully paid for or conveyed; and there are several Parts of the said personal Estates and Sums of Money vested in the

y Geo. 1. stat.i.«faj(j Trustees, which yet remain to be got in and disposed of; and some Suits in Law or Equity relating to the said Trulls, are now depending: And whereas the said Trustees have made several Reports to his said late Majesty, and his present Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, in Pursuance of the said fist mentioned Act, and in their last Report, bearing Date on or about the one and twentieth Day of January Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, taking Notice that they had almcft executed the Trull reposed in them as aforesaid, did humbly submit, whether the said Trull should continue in them for completing what remained undone therein: And whereas, upon due Consideration of the said Report, it is judged that the several Matters and Things remaining unperformed or unexecuted, may re choir a considerable Time entirely to complete and execute the same, and may for the future be as well performed and executed by the said south-sea Company, for whose Benefit the said Trustees were first appointed, ashy the said Trustees, and the further Continuance of the said Trustees, and their Officers, would be an unnecessary Charge on the said Company May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, fsv.

EXP.

All the Estates of the late Directors vested in Trustees on 24 December 1729, and unfold, vested in the south-sea Company, ts'e. Trustees to deliver over to the Company all Things touching those Estates. Accountants to the Trustees to refund to the company's Cashier all Moneys not expended. Company "to indemnify the Trustees. All the clear Money arisen from the Estates of the late Directors to be applied according to the Direction of 13 Geo. 1. C zz. The said Estates not to be deemed as Part of the Lands the Company by Charter are capable to purchase."

CAP. IX.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act made in the ninth Year of his late majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco stripped from the Stalk or Stem.

? Geo. 1. c. 2l. 4 WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enabling his Majesty to put the Customs of Great Britain under the Management of one or more Commissioners, and for better securing and ascertaining the Duties on Tobacco, and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco, and other Goods and Merchandizes, or carrying the same coajhvife, it was (amongst other Things) en acted, That from and after the first Day of June in the Fear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, no Tobacco should be imported into Great Britain, stripped from the Stalk or Stem; and in case any Tobacco stripped from the Stalk or Stem should be so impoited, after the said first Day of June, the same should be seized, and should be liable to be searched for, and forfeited, by any Officer of the Customs,

in the same Manner as any other prohibited Goods might by Law be searched for or seized; Clause hath been found very prejudicial to the Planters of Tobacco in America, and to the obacco Trade of this Xlause in an Act Kingdom: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, 'And be it enacted by the King's relatin viao1' mo: I Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con.'ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and ticen"fttipt from Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause in

die

Anno see undo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

C 9, — -15. 681

the said recited Act, prohibiting the Importation of Tobacco stripped from the Stalk or Stem as aforesaid, be and is hereby repealed.

Itazco see farther 21 Geo. 1. c. 2. 24 Geo. 2. C

shall st ljc, repealed

Concerting 7c-41. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. X

An Act for making the Hamlet of spittle fields in the Parish of Saint Dunfian Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a difhnct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Pari Hi.

PR.

3, 000l. allotted for the Rectors of the new Church in Spittle fields out of the Money intended by i Geo. i. Stilt. 2. C 23. Churchwardens may make Vaults, and setup Monuments. 123 /. per Ann. without Deduction, to be paid to the Rector. Vestrymen to choose Lcdturers, tde. The District hereby appointed, to be a distinct Parish, divided from Stepney Parish, and discharged from small Tithes, ide. All great Tithes to be paid to braj en Nose College in Oxford. The Churchwardens to pay to the two Portionifts 30 /. per Ann. so long as they shall continue Portionifts. The Provisions hereby made, shall be the annual Maintenance of the Rector, beftdes Surplice Fees, C No Surplice Fees for Burials, unless the Corps be carried into the Church, C The Parish Clerk to be a Member of the Corporation of Parish Clerks. Rectory not to be held in Commendam. Parish Clerk to pay to the present Clerk of Stepney 16 /. per Annum. Act not to alter the Methods for repairing the Highways lying in the Parish of Stepney.

CAP. XI.

An Act for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex.

On 4 June next, and on 26 Dec. yearly, Vestrymen in every Parish to make Lists of inhabitants, to be returned to two or more Justices at a Special sections: are to appoint Surveyors. Surveyors to make a Return of Pavements out of Repair to the Justices, to be presented to the Quarter sessions. They may give Notice in the Church, of Defaults. Such Defaults not amended in 20 Days, Surveyors may amend them, and be reimbursed. Surveyors may pave before empty Houses: be levied on the next Tenant, and de dudled out of his Rent. On Irregularity of water pipes or bad Pavement, Inhabitants to amend them, and be reimbursed by the Proprietors of the waterworks. Justices may make Preferments on their own View. After June 17z9, the Rakers to lay in Heaps all the Dirt, and carry it away, on Forfeiture of 40 s. Not to extend to the Royal Palaces, or St. james's Square, Idc. Justices may allow Surveyors % I. per Ann. Continuance of this Act for three Years.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the more effectual repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shard and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

PR.

The 'I oils are to have Continuance from the twelfth Day of May 1729. for 27 Years. [Continued by 2c Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster in the County of Hereford.

PR.

The Toll took Place from the 31st of May 1729, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 22 Geo. 2. C it.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for making more effectual the Acts passed for repairing the Roads from the Stones End In Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex, to the furrhermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the watch house in Edmunton to the Marketplace in Enfield.

PR.

The private Acts of z Ann. Sejfi 1. cap. 1. and of 1 Geo. 1. cap. 37. are continued for 21 Years. [Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 41. J

CAP. XV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twelfth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

to prevent Abuses in the waking of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimentsions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers or Tilemakers, within fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles.

EXP.

Company of Tilers and Bricklayers diverted of the Powers given by the foresaid Act, Searchers to be appointed by the Quarter sessions, and their Powers. Penalty for making Bricks or Tiles contrary to this or the former Act. Prosecutions to be commenced in one Year. None to be' convicted twice for one Offence. After 29 Sept. 1729. when Ground is dug for Bricks, the Soil so be taken off till they come to the real Brick Earth. Continuation of the Act 12 Geo. 1. c. 35. and of this Act to 25 March 1732, idc.

Vol. V

4 s

682

C 16 — 18.

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and undivided Trinity in the Town of Leeds in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for defraying of some Expenses in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

PR.

The new Chape] to be a perpetual Cure. James Scotty the first Curate. Vicar of Leeds not divested from the Cure of Souls there. Curate on Absence or Neglect, may be cited before the Archbishop, Gr. Pews may be leased out to raise 800l. for finishing the Chapel. Chapel, Gr. under the archbishop's jurisdiction. The archbishop's, Gr. r ights saved.

CAP. XVII.

An act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof. [Repealed 6 Geo. 2. c. 17.

Compound Waters to pay s. per Gallon, after 27 Dec. 1729. These Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise. Compound Distillers before 25 Dec. 1729. to enter their Stills, GV. at the next excise ofbce. All who shall become Distillers to make like Entry, on Penalty of 201. C Selling. Spirits under Proof forfeits 40 s. per Gallon. Retailers to pay 20l. for Licence. To be renewed yearly. Not to extend to Physicians, Grafter 1 July 1729. none to sell Brandy, GV. about the Streets, GY. on Forfeiture of 10l. GY. Continuance of the Act for five Years. Not to extend to Arrack, GY. Nor to aqualitce consumed in Scotland. Nor to British Brandies, in which Ingredients shall be used for rectifying only.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to ascertain the Custom payable for Corn and Grain imported; for better ascertaining the Price and Quantity of Corn and Grain, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

42car.2, C 13. 4 WHEREAS by an at of Parliament passed in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An Alifcr Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle, It is enacted, That when tile Prices of Corn and Grain, at the Times, Havens and Places, when and where the said Corn or Grain shall be imported into this Kingdom, exceed not the Rates hereafter following, there sit all be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof these Rates; that is to say. For every Quarter of Wheat, when the same shall not exceed the Price of three and fifty Shillings and four Pence the Quarter, there shall be paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings; and when the same shall exceed the Sum of three and fifty Shillings and fourpence the Quarter, and yet not above four Pounds the Quarter, that then there shall be answered and paid, for the Custom and Poundage of every Quarter of Wheat, the Sum of eight Shillings; for every Quarter of Rye, when the same doth not exceed the Price of forty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings the Quarter; for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, when the same doth not exceed the Price of two and thirty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings the Quarter; for every Quarter of Buck Wheat, when the same doth not exceed the Price of two and thirty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings the Quarter; for every Quarter of Oats, when the same doth not exceed the Sum of sixteen Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poundage thereof the Sum of five Shillings and fourpence the Quarter; for every Quarter of Peas and Beans, when the same doth not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custom and Poun dage thereof the Sum of sixteen Shillings the Quarter, each Quarter to contain eight Bushels, and each Bushel to contain eight Gallons, and no more; but when the Prices of the several Sorts of Corn or Grain abovementioned shall exceed the respective Rates abovesaid, at thetimes and Places of Importation, that then and in every such Case, there be answered and paid for the same the Duties payable in such Case before the making of the said at: And whereas by another Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King j Jac. 1. C 20. 4 James the Second, entitled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign Corn or Grain shall or may be hereafter imported, and they and every of them are thereby enjoined and required, at their next respective Quarter sessions after Michaelmas and Easter Day yearly, by the Oaths of two or more honest and substantial Persons of the respective Counties, being neither Mer chants or Factors for the importing of Corn, nor any Ways concerned or interested in the Corn form ported, and each of them having a Freehold Estate of twenty Pounds per Annum, or a Leasehold Estate of fifty Pounds per Annum, above all Charges and Reprizes, and being skilful in theprices of Corn (which Oaths all and every the said Justices are thereby empowered to administer), and by such other Ways and Means as to them shall seem fit, to examine and determine the common Market Prices of midling english Corn and Grain, of the respective Sorts in the said at mentioned, as the same shall be commonly bought and sold in the said respective Counties, into which any forefen Corn and Grain shall be imported; and to certify the same with two such Oaths made as aforesaid in Writing annext, unto his Majesty's chief Of

3 4 ficer

Anno see an do Georgii II.

C 18.

A.D. 1729.

683

ficer and Collector of the Customs for the Time being, reftding in the said respective Ports or Havens,

where the said Corn or Grain shall be imported, to be hung up in some public Place in the customhouse,

1 to which all Persons may resort for their Information: And it is thereby further enacted, Thar the Custom and Duty of foreign Corn and Grain imported into any of his Majesty's said Dominions of England, ifales,

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed., appointed by the first mentioned Act to be paid, shall be collected and paid according to the Prices contained in such rel peftive Certificates as aforesaid, and not otherwise 5 any Thing in the said Act, or in any other Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And it is further provided by the said Act, That all that by Virtue thereof is to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter sessions in their several Counties, shall be done and performed in like Manner in

the City of London, in the Months of October and April ycarlv, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace there, and that the Persons making such Oaths shall be no corn chandler, Meal man, 1'aftor,

Merchant, or other Person interested in such Corn so to be imported, but shall be some substantial Houic

keepers living in Middlesex or Surrey., qualified as aforesaid: whereas the Justices of the Peace for some of the Counties of this Kingdom have, notwithstanding the last mentioned Act, omitted or northeast

to settle the Price of Corn at their Quarter sessions after Michaelmas last, and to return Certificates

thereof to the chief Officer and Collector of the Customs, residing in the respective Ports where the said Corn or Grain has been or may be imported; by Means whereof the said Officers were at a Loss how to charge the Custom and Duty due for such Corn, which has been, and may be a great Loss to the Revenue,

and a Detriment to the Farmers and fair Traders: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be law juices, vj,

ul to and for all and every the Justices of the peace for such of the several and respective Counties of this King - have omitted dom, who have omitted or neglected to settle the Prices of Corn at the Quarter sessions after Michaelmas to settle the last, and they are hereby enjoined and required, at the next respective Quarter sessions, or at any Adjourn Prices of Comment thereof which shall happen after the passing this Act, to examine and determine what the common session^fter1* Market prices of midling british Corn and Grain, of the respective Sorts in the said Acts mentioned, were at michaelmatlao, or about Michaelmas last, in the respective Counties, upon such Oaths, and by such other Ways and Means, are to settle it at as are directed and prescribed by the said Act passed in the first Year of King James the Second, and to grant the next Qusr certificates thereof as directed by the said Act; and the Officers of the Customs, and all other Persons con ter sessions. cerned, are to govern themselves according to the Prices of Corn or Grain contained in such Certificates, as if the same had been regularly examined, determined and certified at last Michaelmas Quarter sessions as aforesaid; any Thing in the said Act, or any Law, Custotn or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the Sorts com imports

of Corn or Grain aforesaid have been imported from beyond the Seas, since the first Day of Michaelmas fines the id Day Quarter sessions now last past, and the Importers or Proprietors thereof have omitted or neglected, or shall of Michaelmas omit or neglect to pay the respective Duties due or payable for the same, when demanded, according to the »jtv

Prices mentioned and expressed in the Certificates of the Justices of the Peace, made or to be made by Vir r!ct i ait for j tue of the former and this present Act, such Importers or Proprietors shall forfeit and lose all such Corn and feiud.'Grain, or the Value thereof, and the same shall and may be ieized, prosecuted and sued for, by Bill, Plaint

or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; one Moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Seizor or Prosecutor.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Justices of Justices not je the Peace for the several Counties of this Kingdom hall for the future omit or neglect to examine and de Krmui ng the termine the Prices of Corn or Grain, at their respective Quarter sessions after Michaelmas and E after yearly, cchcftor vs' and to certify the same unto his Majesty's chief Officer and Collector of the Customs for the Time being, settle in residing in the respective Ports or Havens, where foreign Corn or Grain shall or may be imported, in order to be hung up in some public Place in the customhouse, as directed by the said Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second; then and in such Case, the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, at the respective Port of Importation, is hereby empowered to receive the several Duties of the Corn so imported, according to the lowest Price of the several Sorts of Corn or Grain, mentioned and expressed enforcej*>' in the said Act passed in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; any Law, Ga' C ? or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the better ascertaining the Quantity of Corn or Grain to be hipped for Exportation, which? wm. by an Act passed in the first year of the Reign of their late Majesties kingwilliam and Queen Mary, C u intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn, is no otherwise ascertained, than by the Certificate of the Exporter, attested upon Oath; Be it enacted, That the proper Officers of the Customs shall Oncers to be empowered to admeasure nil Corn and Grain, whereon there is an Allowance payable for the Exporta mca( redcorn tion thereof; and for greater Expedition therein, such Admeasurement shall and may be by a Tub or Mea ex?or'e fare containing four Winchester Bushels; and if such Corn or Grain intended to be exported, shall be brought

to be shipped off in Sacks, that then and in such Case the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to make choice of two of those Sacks, out of any Number not exceeding twenty Sacks, and foin Proportion for any greater Quantity, before the same shall be put on board for Exportation, and thereby compute the Quantity of Corn so intended to be shipped for Exportation; and according to such Computation, the Allowance or Bounty Money shall be paid to the Exporter for the whole.quantity proportionably, upon his producing a Certificate from the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, attesting the Quantity and Quality of the Corn or Grain so shipped for Exportation.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the like, Powers, Certificates and Regulations, and other Matters and Things abovementioned, shall be extended to the ascertaining the Prices and Quantity of Bear alias Bigg, Oatmeal and Malt made of Wheat, or Wheat Malt, intended for Ex

4 S 3 portation s

Anno see undo Georgii II.

684. C 18.

A.D. 1729.

Sworn Motors portation: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this af shall extend to alter the present Practice, with to measure Com respect to the Manner of hipping Corn from the Port of London, but that the same may be measured by in the Port of sworn Metres appointed for that Purpose, by whose Certificate the Searchers, or other proper Officers of 3 onion, his Majesty's Culfoms, are hereby empowered and required to certify the Quantity of Corn shipped for

cmcirr.vg Cain Exportation, on a Certificate of such Metres, as hath been constantly pradliled; anything herein coii

2. C 12

vigro". ta'ne^ to the contrary notwithstanding

2. C 11. 24 Geo. 2. c. 56. 26 Geo. 2. c. 2 & 30 Geo. 2.

31 Geo. 2. c.i. 32 Geo. 2. c. 2. 32 Geo. 2. c. 8.

Appropriation of 1 he Money granted this St fiion.

2 Geo. 2. c. 1.

2 Geo. 2. c. 4.

2, Geo. 2. c. 3.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Pramium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and tuienty nine, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as hall arise and remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer bills made or to be made on the same Att, and all the Interest, Pramium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowed for raising the said land-tax shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to be advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank: of England, for the Purchase of an Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, in Pursuance of another at of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, and the Sum of eleven thousand six hundred ninety four Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein exprened, subject nevertheless to such Restricftions as are

956, 0151. ios, herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or 5 d.foi the navy. Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred eighty six thousand twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly exp re (led; that is to say. For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be ittued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, for and towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen in the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

VIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ninety thousand two hundred and forty-nine Pounds three Shillings and sixpence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land service, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

IX. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforer said, there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million three hundred fifty-two thousand one hundred thirty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say. Any Sum not exceeding seven hundred eighty-four thousand nine hundred eighty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny halt penny, for defraying ths Charge of twenty-two thousand nine hundred fifty-five Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers, and Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and six Independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and sixty thousand three hundred and fifty seven Pounds one Shilling and five Pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Gairifons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twelve thousand eight hundred Pounds, upon Account of out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year one thousand

1 o, coo 1. for

Greenwich

Hospital.

90, 2491. 3s.

6 i. for the Ordnance for Land Service.

*.35S>T3S 5-19 s. 5 d. 2 q. for the Land forces.

seven hundred and twenty-nine; and any

hum or Sums or

Minot

exceeding twenty thousand seven

The Overplus how co be applied, See 3 Geo. 2. c. 16. feit. is,

hundred thirty-nine Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty seven thousand Pounds upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same, and the Sum of two hundred forty-one thousand two hundred.fifty nine Pounds one Shilling

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II c. 18. 685

and threepence, for defraying the Expense of twelve thousand lie sans, taken into his Majesty's Pay, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds for one year's Subsidy to the King of Stveda7, pursuant to a Treaty dated the fourteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds for one year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswicl: Lunenburg jfolfenbnttel, pursuant to a Treaty dated the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven

And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of a!) or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid three shall and o0, fij may be issued and applied the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards cancelling and discharging the ft. f like Sum in Exchequer bills made forth in Pursuance of an AI passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages due to Seamen.

XI. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there 103, W ! 11

- one hundred and three thou A 'u'r

good the

n »vili5gfnf difitv now

shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding land one hundred eighty nine Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence Farthing, towards matting Deficiency of the grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight; and any Sum or Sums (f.j.ywi of money not exceeding sixty three thousand nine hundred and two Pounds fifteen Shillings and twopence r0, 1, 15^. halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called the General Fund, for raising seven jj.sc. t hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth c«w.tj1 Fund. Part of a Penny, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight.

XII. And it is also hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there II cool. far filial! and maybe issued and applied, for and upon Account of the Arrears of the several Duties and Revenues the Aricarsof granted to his Majesty, by an act made and passed in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An, !)e Civl1 Ll"'Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Flonour and Dignity of the Crown of Great 1 Geo. Britain, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, C 11

in such Manner, and for such Uses and Purposes, as his Majesty filial! from Time to Time be pleased to dire and appoint.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be Handing provifc. out, or in Arrear, at the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve) any Sum or Sums of Money

for or on Account of the said Duties and Revenues, which together with what hath been or shall be received out of the same during his Majesty's Life, and together with the said Sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, shall be more than sufficient to complete and satisfy to his Majesty, during his Life, the yearly Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, in clear Money, to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; then and in such Case the said Sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds shall be replaced' and refunded hv or out of such Sum or Sums of Money so Handing out or in Arrear as aforesaid, as shall be more than sufficient to complete the said yearly Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds in clear Money to be computed as aforesaid, or so much thereof as the Moneys arising thereby shall extend to satisfy the same; and that the Moneys so to be replaced or refunded, shall be separnted and kept apart in his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Use and Benefit of the publick, and shall not be issued or applied to any other Use or Uses, than such as shall be directed by Authority of Parliament.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or ap Ncttsbeappl^ 1 plied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or 10 other for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XV. And as to the said Sum of fifty seven thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on Account of Rules to be oh

half-pay as aforesaid, It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein served in a, pa

after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person fiha.ll cation efibe

have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time halt pav when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company

; that no Person having any other Place or Eriiployment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the half-pay; that no Chaplain of anygarrifon or Regiment, who

has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by Virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of tine same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVI. And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging ip"ages due to Seamen, and for the constant, regular, and punsual Payment of Seamens ifares for the sill are; and sir appro

I Geo. 2. SUX 9.

priating the Supplies granted in this present Scjfoti of Parliament, and for clifpofing of the Surplus of the Money granted for Half pay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand Pounds, ' was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his. majesty's Land Forces and Marines; subject northeast lertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid 4 AI were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid

Anno secunda Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

Overplus of aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of fifty-eight thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient

half-pay, for to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the said Rules, by the said Act prescribed to be observed in

the Comp af the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or maybe disposed of to such Officers who

innate it. are lnajmej) or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or to such others, as by Reason of their long Service

or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding. clause for giving 4

XVII. And for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through Neglect or Inadvertency have omitted further Time to < to pay tie several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, cantradled or agreed centke"to pav for' w'th or n Relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, which hath been put or placed to or with Duties.*£ any Master or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to have such Indentures, or

Concerningjip. 4 other Writings, which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements relating to the ser f rentiers indent vice of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Acts of Parliament for ^arther those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like Manner omitted to insert, and write in Words zo geo'.z'.c'.tt.^at length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the fuilsum or Sums of Money, or any Part 31 Geo. 2. C ' thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with or in J 4 Relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys so neglect ed or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendring the said Indentures or other Writings, to be llamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine (of which timely Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same Indentures or other Writings, shall be good and available in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid, had been inserted; the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged ofand from the said Penalties; anything in any of the said former acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for regulating, well ordering, governing and improving the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, and Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester in the County of Kent.

PR.

WHEREAS Time out of Mind there has been an Oyster Fishery in the River Medway in the County of Kent, and in many of the Creeks and Branches thereof within the Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, which Oyster Fishery hath Time out of Mind been free and common to all Oyster Fishermen and dredgers, "after having served seven Years Apprenticeship to any Fisherman or Dredger before free of the said Oyster Fishery; and the Mayor and Citizens of the said City, and their Predtcefiors, have Time out of Mind, yearly and oftener, upon the Application of the said Oyster Dredg ers, as Occasion hath required, held a Court commonly called An Admiralty Court, amongst other Things, ' for the ordering and regulating the said Oyster Fishery; at such Courts the said Fishermen and Dredgers conftnntly attend, pursuant to a Summons for that Purpose served on them by the principal Water bailiff of the said Mayor and Citizens; and upon the Return of a Panel by the said Water bailiff of the most sufficient Men amongst the said Dredgers, to the said Court, the Persons so returned are sworn to be of the Jury of the said Court; and the Jury so sworn at such Court have Time out of Mind used to make Orders for regulating the said Oyster Fishery, with Fines and Penalties for the Breach of such Orders, and have appointed the Times when Oysters should be dredged and taken, and what Part of the said Fishery it was proper to dredge and catch Oysters in, and also the Times when no Oysters should be dredged or taken, ' which is commonly called Opening and j.butting the Grounds; and have also by such Orders appointed the Quantity of Oysters each Dredgerman should take in a Day, which is commonly called Setting the Stint 3 4 and have also made Orders for the Preservation of the Brood and Spat of Oysters, and have presented the Persons guilty of the Breach of such Orders, and have likewise presented and fined such Oyster Diedgers as have been summoned, and who have not attended at such Courts; and such Fines and Penalties belong to and have been collected and received to the use of the said Mayor and Citizens by their proper Officers;

and the Water bailiffs and Officers of the said Mayor and Citizens have Time out of Mind used and exer cifed a Power and Authority of entering and going on hoard of the Boats and Vessels of the said Fishermen and Dredgermen, and of viewing and measuring the Oysters they have had on board such Vessels and Boats,

in order to discover if there hath been any Breach of the Orders of the said Court; and when they hare found any Quantity of Oysters caught more than the Stint, or any Brood of Oysters or Spat, have seized and thrown such Brood, and other Oysters which have been caught more than the Stint, back again into the said River and Creeks: And whereas by ancient Usage and Custom no Persons ought to use the Trade of dredging for Oysters within the said Oyster Fishery, but such as have served seven Years Apprenticeship to some Dredgerman free of the said Oyster Fishery; and that such Apprentices might the better he known, '4 at the Beginning of their Apprenticeship such Apprentices have used to be enrolled before the Mayor of the said City, and at the End of such Apprenticeship the Names of such Apprentices who so served their Times used to be entered in a Book kept by the said Mayor and Citizens for that Purpose, and at the Time of such Entry, they paid to the said Mayor and Citizens an ancient See of six Shillings and eight pen-e;

C 20

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II.

and all Persons not having served such Apprenticeship, who were at any Time found dredging in the said

were called Cable Hangers, and as such were presented and punished at the said Courts: And for the better Support of the Authority of the said Mayor and Citizens and their jurisdiction upon the said £ and Creeks, and defraying the Expense of keeping the said Courts, every Dredger for Oysters in the said River and Creeks did anciently pay to the said Mayor and Citizens the ancient See of six Shillings and eight Pence yearly: And whereas notwithstanding the re have been from Time to Time many good Rules and Orders made and established by the said Juries at the said Courts, for the regular using, carrying on and enjoying the said Oyster Fishery, for the common Benefit of all the Dredgers free of the said Oyster Fishery; yet many disorderly Persons amongst them neglecting the common Interest, and regarding only their own present private Lucre, and in Contempt of all Authority over them, have dredged for Oysters before the Times appointed for opening of the Grounds, and after they have been ordered to be Shut, ' and without any Regard to the Stint set, have caught great Quantities of Oysters more than the Stint, and more than they could dispose of, and have caught the Brood and unfizable Oylters at a Time when they Should be preserved; and when the Water bailiffs of the said Mayor and Citizens have come to do the Duty of their Office in discovering the said Abuses and Breach of Orders, they have been frequently of pofea and hindered, threatened and abused, and have sometimes with Difficulty escaped with their Lives; and notwithstanding Distresses have been made for the Fines and Penalties set by the said Juries for Punish

of the Offenders, yet it having been doubted, whether such Distresses could be maintained, the said Mayor and Citizens have been discouraged in their Proceedings, and such Offenders have escaped Punishment and if such Disorders should be continued, and go unpunished for the future, the said Oyster Fiflr ery will be in Danger of being utterly loft: and destroyed, and thereby many numerous Families depending

upon the said Oyster Fishery will be ruined and undone, and a good Nursery for Seamen be lost to the Public: 'For the preventing the refore such Disorders for the future, and for the regulating, well ordering and governing the said Oyster Fishery for the common Good and Benefit of all the said free Dredgers of the said Oyster Fishery, and making them secure under the Protection of the said Mayor and Citizens, and for the confirming and settling the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Citizens over the said Oyster Fishery and the free Dredgers thereof, May it please your Majesty, at the humble Suit as well of the Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rochester, as of the Oyster Dredgers free of the said Oyster Fishery, that it may be enacted, C

687

"After 24 June 1729, Mayor, GY. of Rochester once or oftener in every Year to hold their Admiralty Court: Concerning Fife s May impanel a Jury. Jury to make Rules and Orders for well governing the Oyster Fishery, to be ap ry see farther "proved by the Mayor, GY. Jury to appoint four Water bailiits. Water bailiffs to goon board the9&» 2- C 33* "Boats to examine the Oysters: Dredgers refilling them, forfeit 40l. Their Apprentices to be 22 q'°' of J ts enrolled, on Forfeiture of Apprentice, after his Time expired, to pay 6s. Sd. and to be registered. fi?z6° zz6'g %. i Free Dredgermen to pay on 15 October 6 s. 8 d. yearly. Refusing to pay, Mayor, GY. may distrain, C 2. <. 9. Geo. "Jury to present when necessary to lay Oysters, GY. in the River, and what Sums are necessary for that 2.014. 29 G, "Purpose, and may borrow Money, to be levied by equal Contributions: Refusing to pay forfeits 10 s. The 2' c'rh & 39 charges of this Act to be paid by the Dredgermen. These Rules to extend to the said Oysters

XX. 3'(, 2r

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

EXP.

Sheriffs and Gaolers to make an Alphabetical List of their Prisoners on 29 Sept. 1728, and the Names of the Persons at whose Suit they are detained, to be delivered into the Quarter sessions. To he kept by the Cleric of the Peace. Persons inserted in the Lists, and Prisoners on 29 Sept. 1728, shall be discharged. They are to deliver in a Schedule of their Estates, GY. Schedule vested in the Clerk of the Peace, who is to assign it to the Creditors, to be divided among the Creditors. Assignees of Copyhold Estates to agree with the Lord of the Manor. Not to affe£l any eila'e in Expectancy. Rent due from a Prisoner to be transferred to the Landlord. This Act not to extend to Mortgages, nor to prevent any Statute staple, csy. Justices who grant Warrants for bringing Prisoners to the Quarter sessions, 11aal give Notice to be served on the Creditors. Prisoners to give like Notice to the Creditors, and public Notice in the Gazette thirty Days before the Sessions. The prisoner's Oath not being clifproved, GY. the Justices are to discharge him. Debtors having served an Apprenticeship, orimployed in any Trade, or in the Sea Service, and actually beyond Sea on 1 Feb. 1728, may surrender themselves, and be entitled to the Benefit of the af, but subject to the same Restrictions as Prisoners. Gaolers forswearing themselves, forfeit 1500l. GY. Gaolers inserting wrong Names in their List, forfeit 200l. Clerk of the Peace not giving a Duplicate to Prisoner of his Discharge, forfeits 20l. Prisoner forswearing himself, guilty of Felony. Prisoner discharged for Debts before 29 Sept. 1728, shall not be imprisoned for the same again. Discharge of Prisoners not to acquit any other. Judgments to Hand good again! his Lands, GY. Persons discharged may plead generally in Discharge of their Persons from Execution. Plaintiff may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded. Not to extend to Scotland. Petitioner to leave with the Justices a Copy of his intended Discovery. Justices of York and LI tic obi to meet at the common Gaols of the Counties for Discharge of Prisoners. Debtors in Gaols only for Fees discharged. Not to discharge Debtors to the Crown, or owing 500l. to one Person. But Creditor to allow a s. 6 el.per Week for his Maintenance. Discharges to be obtained before 29 Sept. 173 t, or excluded. Persons seized of an Estate tail claiming the Benefit, to deliver the same to their Creditors. Assignees to apply to two Justices to examine Persons who shall obtain their Discharge, for Discovery of Dilates, GY. Refusing to appear or to be sworn, Justices may commit them. Discoverers of Debtors Estates in twelve Months after Discharge, to have 201, percent. Discharge obtained fraudulently, void. Courts at Westminster on Complaint may remove Assignees. On mutual Credit Assignees to allow the Balance.

-63

s a

3g

Anno secundo Georgii

A.D.

29.

CAP. XXI.

cgiarning Mur

An Act for tyre Trial of Murders, in Cases where either tyre Stroke or Death only happens with der, nfer 10 in that Fart of Great Britain called England.

5 II 3. f. 25. s

6 EJ. 1. C 9. 3 - r, 1. 7 6. r. 12. 1 Jac. 1, C 8.

21 1. 27.

T?' O IV preventing any Failure of Justice and taking away all Doubts touching the Trial of Murders in JD the Cases herein after mentioned, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, i hat where any Person, at any Time after the twenty-fourth. Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, shall be feloniously stricken or poisoned upon the Sea, or at. any Place out of that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England and shall die of the same Stroke or Poisoning within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, or where any Person, at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of june in the h ear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, shall be feloniously stricken or poisoned at any Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and shall die of the same Stroke or Poisoning upon the Sea, or at any Place out of that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in either of the said Cales an indi&nient thereof found by the Jurors of the County in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in which such Death, Stroke or Poisoning shall happen respactively as aforesaid, whether it shall be found before the Coroner upon the View of such dead Body, or before the Justices of the Peace, or other Justices or Commissioners, who shall have Authority to inquire of Murders, shall be as good and effectual in the Law, as well against the Principals in any such Murder, as the Accessaries thereunto, as if such felonious Stroke and Death thereby ensuing, or Poisoning and Death thereby ensuing, and the Offence of such Accessaries, had happened in the same County where such Indiblment shall be found; that the Justices of Gaol Delivery and Oyer and Terminer in the same County where such Indictment shall be found, and all'o any superior Court, in case such Indidhnent shall be removed into such superior Court, shall and may proceed upon the same in all Points, as well against the Principals in any such Murder, as the Accessaries thereto, as they might or ought to do, in case such Felonious Stroke and Death thereby ensuing, or Poisoning and Death thereby ensuing, and the Offence of such Accessaries, had happened in the same County where such indictment shall be found; and that every such Offender, as well Principal as Accessary, shall answer upon their Arraignments, and have the like Defences, Advantages and Exceptions (except Challenges for the hundred) and shall receive the like Trial, Judgement, Order and Execution, and suffer such Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, as they ought to do, if such felonious Stroke and Death thereby ensuing, or Poisoning and Death thereby ensuing, and the Offence of such Accessaries, had happened in the same County where such Indictment shall be found.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

WHEREAS many Persons suffer by the Oppression of inferior Officers in the Execution of Process for Debt, and the Exactions of Gaolers to whom such Debtors are committed; for Remedy where of it may be reasonable, not only to enforce the Execution of the Laws now in Being against such Op ' pressions and Exactions, more especially several Clauses in a Statute made at a Parliament held in the twenty second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Release of poor dislreffed Prisoners for Debt, but likewise to make some further Provisions for the Ease and Relief of Debtors, who shall be willing to satisfy their Creditors to the utmost of their powerbe it therefore enecled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con jent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pari ament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Sheriff, Undersheriff, Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace or other Officer or Mi bailhhlyillcarry 11 iiper whatsoever, shall at any Time or Times hereafter convey or carry, or cause to be conveyed or carried, roiedto mvta any Person or Persons by him or them arrested, or being in his or their Custo ly by Virtue or Colour of vvvn See. with any Writ, Process or Warrant, to any Tavern, Alehouse or other public Victualling or Drinking House, out his Content', or to the private House of any such Officer or Minister, or of any Tenant or Relation of his, without the mr charge him free and voluntary Consent of the Person or Persons so arrested or in Custody; nor charge any such per ior Wine, C son or per|'ons with any Sum of Money for any Wine, Beer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco, or any other Liquor or Things whatsoever, save what he, she or they shall call for of his, her or their own free Accord; nor shall cause or procure him, her or them to cal! or pay for any such Liquor or Things, except what he, novtakeacreakr.she or they shall particularly and freely ask for; nor shall demand, take or receive, or cause to be demand hum than ihs ec taken or received, directly or indirectly, any other or greater Sum or Sums of Money than is or shall 810"'be by Law allowed.to be taken or demanded for such Arrest, Taking, Detaining or Waiting, till the Person or Persons so arrested or in Custody shall have given an Appearance or Bail, as the Case shall require, or agreed with the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution he, fly or they shall be taken or arrested, or until he, she or they shall be lent to the proper Gaol belonging to the County, City, ^Town or nm exact a Gra place where such Arrest or Taking shall be; 'nor shall exact or take any Reward, Gratuity or Money for uiic, for keeping keeping the Person or Persons so arrested or in Custody, out of Gaol orpiifon; nor shall carry any such h; m out of Gaol, person to any Q., -0] or pi jfon within four, and twenty Hours from the Time of such Arrest; nor shall take tjct 0jg"'f or receive any other or greater Sum or Sums for one or more Nights Lodging, or for a day's Diet, or other Expenses, than what shall be allowed as reasonable in such Cases by some Order or Orders to be made by the

Persons feloni on fly firicken or poisoned on the Southeast, C and dying in England, or stricken or poisoned in England, and dying on the Sea, an Indictment found by Jurors shall be good against Principal and Accessaries.

Justices of Gaol Delivery shall proceed thereon,

and Offender shall answer and receive the like Trial, cas if the Murder had happened in the County. scezygdo, 2.

37-

( Amended by 3 g ro. 2 C 27.

Geo. 2. c. 24. a 1 Geo. 2. c. 33'Sec sort I er 32 Geo. 2. c. 28. 22 & 23 Car, 2.

>.'0 Sheriff or

C 22.

689

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II.

(Ire Justices of the Peace at some Quarter sessions to be held for such County, City, Town or Place where fuel) Arrest or Taking shall be, who are hereby authorised and required with all convenient Expedition 10 make some (banding Older or Orders for ascertaining such Expenses, within their respective Counties or Precincts.

II. And that no Person may suffer by reason of his Ignorance of the aforementioned Provisions made by c.hcrifts to giu this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sheriff, Undersheriff, printedcopir of and other Persons entrusted with the Execution of Process, shall deliver a printed Copy of the said Clause thy ebufe t'j to every Bailiff, Sergeant or other Officer by them respectively employed to execute Warrants within their Sdh'" respective Bailiwicks; and when any such Bailiff or other Officer shall give Security upon his entering into

Office, shall require him to make it Part of the Condition of such Security, that he will show and deliver a Copy of the said Clause to every Person whom he shall arrest by Virtue of any Warrant, and carry or cause to be carried to any public or other House, and permit him or any Friend of his to read the same, before any Liquor or Meat shall be there called for; and in case any Bailiff' or other Officer shall carry or cause to be carried to any public or other House, any Person under his Arrest or in his custody, and there permit any Liquor or Victuals to be called for, before such Clause or Copy of it shall be shewn and read by or to the Prisoner, such Neglect or Default, beftdes the Breach of the Condition of such Security, shall be accounted a Misdemeanour in the Execution of the Process whereupon such Person is arrested, and be punished as such.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, Undersheriff", Gaoler, Gaolers to per keeper of any Prison or Gaol, or other Person or Persons whatsoever to whose Custody or Keeping any mit Prisoners tn one so arrested or taken shall be committed, on any Pretence, shall permit and suffer him, her or them so send fur victua] arrested or taken, at his, her or their Will and Pleasure, to send for and have any Beer, Ale, Victuals or 'om 'vh2tpl3cc other necessary Food, from what Place they please, and also to have and ule such Bedding, Linen and other ha --'such Things, as he, she or they shall think fit, without purloining or detaining the same, or any Part thereof, Bedding, cas or enforcing or requiring him, her or them to pay for the having or uling thereof, or putting any Manner of shall think Restraint or Difficulty upon him, her or them in using thereof or relating thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fees shall be taken by any Gaoler None but lawful or Keeper of any Gaol or Prison within that Part of Great Britain called England, for any Prisoner or Pri Fees to be taken foners Commitment or coming into Gaol, or Chamber Rent there, or Discharge from thence, except what °^be[c$e'i! ul" are now allowed by Law, until such Fees shall be settled and established by the Lord Chief Justice of the ^, t>er e' "Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lora Chief Baron

of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any two of them, together with the Lord Mayor and two of the Aldermen, or with three of the Aldermen of the City of London, for and in respect of the Gaols and prisons within the City of London, and for the said Lords Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, with three Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, for and in re spebt of the Gaols and Prisons in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the Justices of the Peace of every other County, Riding and Division for the Gaols and Prisons in each respective County, Riding and Division, at the Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, Riding or Division respectively, who are hereby empowered, directed and required to settle and establish the same as soon as conveniently may be, and Tables shall be made of the respective Rates and Sees so settled and established, and the Ta tamesto he bles of the said Fees, for and in respect of the Gaols and Prisons within the City of London and Counties m2ieof the of Middlesex and Surrey aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Lords Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, Fees' and the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, by whom the same shall be made; and the Tables of the said Fees, for and > in respect of the rest of the said Gaols and Prisons, shall be signed by three or more of the Justices of the Peace attending at the settling the said Fees in such Quarter sessions of the Peace as aforesaid; shall be reviewed and confirmed, or moderated, and then signed by the Judges of Assize, or one of them, in the respective Counties within their several Circuits, together with three or more Justices of the Peace of each respective County, Riding and Division, and also Rules and Orders for the better Government of Prisons shall be forthwith made, and from Time to Time enlarged and enforced, or altered and amended, as Occasion shall require, by the several Courts in tvejbninjhr hall, by Rules and Orders of the said Courts, to be signed by the Judges of each respective Court where such Rules and Orders shall from Time to Time be made, for or in respect of the Prisons belonging to the said Courts respectively, as by the said Lords Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, together with the Lord Mayor and two or more Aldermen, or of three or more Aldermen of the City of London, for and in respect of the Gaols and Prisons within the City of Londot, and by the said Lords Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, together with three or more Justices of the Peace, under their Hands, for and in respect of the Gaols and Prisons within the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey aforesaid, and by the respective Judges of Assize, or one of them, and three or more Justices of the Peace of each County, Riding or Division, under their Hands, for and in respect of the Gaols and Prisons within their respective Circuits, Counties, Ridings and Divisions; and Duplicates of such Tables of Fees and Rules shall be made and signed, and the same shall be transmitted to the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, there to be entered and enrolled of Record, without any See to be taken for the Inrolling thereof; and likewise such of them as relate to Gaols in each particular County, Riding or Division, shall be registered by the Clerks of the Peace in their respective Precincts in the Rolls of their respective Sessions, without Fee, and hung up in some and to open and public Room or Place in every Gaol and Prison, there to remain, and he resorted to by every up in every Gaol. Prisoner, as Occasion shall require; and that from and after such Tables of Fees settled and confirmed as aforesaid, no Gaoler or Keeper of any Gaol or Prison shall demand, take or receive, directly or indirectly, of any Prisoner or Prisoners for Debt, any other or greater Fee or Fees whatsoever for his, her or their

Anno secundo Georgii II.

10

C 2:

A.D. 1729.

tonne in Charge the Grand Jury.

Judge' may hear Petitions in a fumsiary Way.

Commitment, Chamber Rent, Release or Discharge, than what shall be mentioned and allowed in such List or Table of Fees so to be enrolled, registered and hung up as aforesaid. minrtereverv "'nc* enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Courts of Record in West

Mich. Term to m'mjler hall aforesaid shall, every Michaelmas Term, appoint forne Day to inquire whether such Tables of inquire after the Fees and such Rules as aforesaid be hung up, and remain public and easy to be resorted to, in the several fs and Orders, prisons to the said Courts respectively belonging, and whether the same be duly complied with and observed, and cause eight Days Notice to be given to the Prisoners in the said Prison of the Time appointed for such Inquiry, and shall imferm themselves touching the same in the best Manner they can, and supply and re m.d. at Affiacs to dress whatever they find neglected or transgressed; that the Judges and Justices of Assize and Gaol De

give such loquifi ]; very fog]]

make Inquiry of the Matters aforesaid at all Assizes and Sessions of Gaol Delivery, for and in re spebl of the Gaols and Prisons within their respective Jurisdictions, and shall expressly give it in Charge to the Grand Jury to inquire concerning the same.

VI. And for the more speedy punching Gaolers, Bailiffs, and others employed in the Execution of pro cess, for Extortions or other Abuses in their respective Offices and Places; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Petition of any Prisoner or Person being or having been under Arrest, or in Custody, complaining of any Exablion or Extortion by any Gaoler, Bailiff or other Officer or Person employed in the keeping or taking care of any Gaol or Prison, or the arresting or apprehending any person or Persons by virtue of any Process or Warrant, or any other Abuse whatsoever, committed or done in their respective Offices or Places, unto any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster Hall, from whence such Process issued, or under whole Power such Gaol or Prison is, in Term Time, or to any of the Justices or Barons of such Court in the Time of Vacation, or to the Judges of Assize, or either of them, in their respective Circuits, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, Justices or Barons, or Judges of Assize, to hear and determine the same in a summary way, and to make such Order thereupon for redressing such Abuse, and punishing of such Officer or Person complained, of, and making Reparation to the Party or Parties injured, as they shall think just, together with the full Costs of such Complaint 7 and all Orders and Determinations which shall be made by the said Courts, or any of the said Justices, Barons or Judges of Assize respectively, in such summary Way as herein prescribed, shall have the same Effect, Force and Virtue, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Orders of the said respective Courts, and Obedience thereunto may be enforced, either by Attachments ordered by the said respective Courts, or by Attachments to be issued under the Seal of the said Courts by Direction of the Justice, Baron or Judge, making, such Order.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That rite said Lords Chief Justices, Lora Chief Baron, Judges of Assize, and Justices of the Peace, in their respective Jurisdictions, and all Com — m'ifiioners for charitable Uses, do their L eft Endeavours and Diligence to examine and discover the several.Gifts, Legacies, and Bequests bellowed and given for the Benefit and Advantage of the poor Prisoners in the said several Gaols and Prisons, and to send for any Deeds, Wills, Writings and Books of Account whatsoever, and any Person or Persons concerned therein, and to examine them upon Oath to make true Discovery thereof (which they have hereby full Power and Authority to do) and to order and settle the Payment, Recovery and Receipt of the same, when so discovered and ascertained, in such easy and expeditious manner and way, that the Prisoners for the future may not be defrauded, but receive the full Benefit there

u.n; f according to the true Intent of the Donorsand that Lifts or Tables of such Gifts, Legacies and be up in the Gaols, quests for the Benefit of the Prisoners in every Gaol or Prison respectively, fairly written, shall be like and registered by wife hung up in such Gaols and prisons.respectively, in some open Room or Place, to which the Prisoners clerks of the may have Resort as Occasion shall require, without Fee, and shall be registered by the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties and Places in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And for the Ease and Relief of Prisoners, who shall be willing to satisfy their Creditors as far as they are able; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one hundred Pounds, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, with respect to Prisoners charged or to be charged in Execution as aforesaid, in the Prison of

cvcf Justices, g. to examine into Gifts for Prisoners,

Tables of such Gifts to be hung

up'and the

Peace.

Persons charged in Execution for a Sum not exceeding icol. after 25 March

1729. in the County cao'of Marshalsea or County Gaol of Surrey, and from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which was Surrey and af. 'n Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, with respect to Prisoners charged ter 29 Sept, in or to be charged in Execution as aforesaid, in any other Gaol or Prison, shall be minded to deliver up to snyotherprf.m, his, her or their Creditors all his, her or their Effects, towards the Satisfaction of the Debts wherewith delivering up be, ie or they staru] charged, it shall and may be lawful for such Prisoner to exhibit a Petition to any of

la'^xhibita the Courts of Law, from whence the Process issued, upon which he, be or they was or were taken and Petition'to the charged in Execution, certifying the Cause or Causes of his, her or their Imprisonment, and an Account of his, her or their whale real and personal Estate, with the Dates of the Securities wherein any Part of it confilts, and the Deeds or Notes relating thereto, and the Names of the Witnesses to the same, as far as his, her or their Knowledge extends thereto; and upon such Petition the Court may and is hereby required, by Order or Rule of Court, to cause the Prisoner to be brought up, and the several Creditors at whole Suit he, she or they are charged as aforesaid, to be summoned to appear personally, or by their Attorney in Court, at a.day to be appointed for that Purpose; upon the Day of such Appearance, if any of the Creditors

Court whence ihe Procefc issued, with Account of their \vholeestate, &: C Prisoners are to eive Notice to

c.editc: rset such summoned refuse or neglect to appear, upon Affidavit of the due Service of such Rule Petition, C Court shall in a summary Way examine into the Matter of such Petition, and hear what

3 C eo 2. c. 27 - - - 1 1...

f. I.

Creditors to be summoned.

Order, the can or shall be

alleged on either side for or against the Discharge of such Prisoner, and upon such Examination, the Court may and are hereby required to administer, or tender to the Prisoner, an Oath to the Effect following, which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer

Prisoners to be brought to the next Assizes, see, 3 Geo. 2. c. 27. f. 2.

B.

Anno secundo Georgii II.

C 22.

A.D. 1729. 691

I A.B. do solemnly swear, in the Presence of Almighty God, That the Account by me delivered into svifonm o.nh. 4' JL this honourable Court, in my Petition to this Court, doth contain a true and full Account of all my real ' ar.endm Vy 4 and personal Estate, Debts, Credits and Effects whatsoever, which!, or any in Trust for me, have, or at ncso.z. c.jj.' 4 the eime of my said Petition had, or am or was in any respect entitled to, in Possessrm, Remainder or Reversion (except the wearing Apparel and Bedding for me or my Family, and the 'Fools or Instruments of my Trade or Calling, not exceeding ten Pounds in Value in the whole) and that I have not, at any Time fmee my Imprisonment or before, direfilly or indirectly, sold, leased, assigned or otherwise dispofied of, or made over in Trust for myself, or otherwise, other than as mentioned in such Account', any Part of my Lands, Estate, Goods, Stock, Money, Debts or other real or personal Estate, whereby to have or expefil any Benefit or Profit to myself, or to defraud any of my Creditors to whom I am indebted.'

So help me God.

IX. And in case the Prisoner shall in open Court take the said Oath, and upon such Examination, and

his or her taking the said Oath, the Creditors shall! be satisfied with the Truth thereof, the Court may im 7>'

mediately order the Lands, Goods and Efrefits, contained in such Account, or so much of them, as may t he creditors or

be sufficient to satisfy the Debts wherewith he or flic is or shall be charged, and the Fees due to the War ihcir a % ncj».

den, Mar Aral or Keeper, of the Gaol or Prison, from which the Prisoner was brought, to be, by a short Endorsement on the Back of such Petition, signed by the Prisoner, assigned to the said Creditors, or one or more of them, in Trust for the rest of them, and by such Alignment the Estate, Interest and Property of the Lands, Goods, Debts and Effects so assigned, shall be vested in the Person or Persons to whom such

Assignment is or shall be made, who may take Possession of, or sue for the same, in his or their own Name or Names, in like Manner as Assignees of Commissioners of Bankrupts, to which Suit no Release of the Prisoner, his or her Executors or Administrators, or any Trustee for him or her, subsequent to such af iignment, shall be any Bar; and immediately upon such Assignment executed, the said Prisoner shall be The Prisoner to discharged out of Custody by Order of Court, and such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Sheriff, discharged. Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison, to discharge the said Prisoner, if detained for the Causes ment oned in such Petition, and no other; and he is hereby required to discharge, and set him or her at Liberty forthwith, without Fee, nor shall such Sheriff or Gaoler be liable to any Action of Escape, or other Suit or Information upon that Account; and the Person or Persons to whom the said Effects shall be assigned, paying the Fees to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison, in whole Custody the Party discharged was, shall, and are hereby required to divide the effects so assigned among themselves and all the Persons for whom they shall be entrusted, in Proportion to their respective Debts; but in case the Person or Persons at whose Suit such Creditors dfo prisoner was charged in the Execution or any of them, shall not be satisfied with the Truth of such Oath, j? "E'ied> pr hut shall desire further i ime to inform himself of the Matters contained therein, the said Court may and, "'" ej°to shall remand the said Prisoner, and direeft the said Prisoner and the Person or Persons difiacisfied with such son, "

Oath, to appear at another Day to be appointed by the said Court, sometime within the first Week of the ami another Day term next following the Time of such Examination; and if at such second Day, so to be appointed, the appointed. Creditor or Creditors dissatisfied with such Oath shall make Default in appearing, or in case he or they shall appear, but shall be unable to discover any Estate or Effects of the Prisoner omitted in such his or her Petition, or to show any Probability of his or her having been forsworn in the said Oath; then the said Court Creditors insist shall immediately cause the said Prisoner to be discharged upon such Assignment of his or her effects in irjon detaining Manner as aforesaid, unless such Creditor or Creditors do infill upon his or her being detained in Prison, 'heppfoner to and do agree by Writing under his Hand, to pay and allow weekly a Sum not exceeding two Shillings and 'dm 'vee, viy fourpence per Week unto the said Prisoner, to be paid the first Day of every Week, so long as he or she shall continue in Prison, at his, her or their Suit; on Failure of the Payment of which weekly Sum at any Time, the said Prisoner shall forthwith upon Application to the Court be discharged by such Order as aforesaid; in case the said Prisoner shall refuse to take the said Oath, or having taken the same shall be detected of Falsity therein, he or file shall be presently remanded.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons of the pnfom rfohlf

Debtor or Debtors so discharged shall never after be arrested for the same Debt or Debts; but yet not with charged not to Handing such Discharge, the Judgement against him shall stand and remain in Force, and Execution may be a" c/te<lf°r be taken out thereon against his Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels (his wearing ftmo Debt'

Apparel, Bedding for himself and Family, and necessary Tools for the Use of his Trade or Occupation, excepted) in the same Manner as if he had never been raken in Execution for the said Debt.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person, who Penalty on pri shall take such Oath as aforesaid, shall, upon any Indictment for Perjury in any Matter or Particular con foner convidicd tained in the said Oath, be convicted by his or her own Confession, or by verdict of twelve Men, as he of Perjury'

or she may be by Force of this AD; the Person so convicted shall suffer all the Pains and Forfeitures which may by Law be inflicted on any Person convicted of wilful Perjury, and shall likewise be liable to be taken upon any Process de novo, and charged in Execution for the said Debt, in the same Manner as if he

or file had never been discharged or

£5

taken in

Execution before, and shall never after have the Benefit of

Ifo, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Effects so assigned The effefb not

the

this AD.

shall not extend to satisfy the whole Debts due to the Persons at whose Suit he or she was so charged, and the Fees due to the Gaoler, there shall be an Abatement in Proportion; and such Gaoler shall come in as a a7d°fee.? there Creditor for what shall be then due to him for his Fees, in Proportion with the Creditors at whose Suit he au te A or fine was charged in Execution. batementinpro

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there are mutual Debts between portion.

the Plaintiff and Defendant, or if either Party sue or be sued as Executor or Administrator, where there Mutual d.bts to are mutual Debts between the Testator or intestate and either Party, one Debt may be set against the other, ie see one against

a. T z and the other.

692 C 2

Anno fecuncio Georgii

A.D. 1729.

[General Issue.]

and such Matter may be given in Evidence upon the General Issue, or pleaded in Bar, as the Nature of the Case shall require, so as at the Time of Iris pleading the General Issue, where any such Debt of the Plaintiff, his Teitator or Intestate, is intended to be insisted on in Evidence, Notice shall be given of the particular Sum or Debt so intended to be infilled on, and upon what Account it became due, or otherwise such Matter shall not be allowed in Evidence upon such

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force for five and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

This Clan e amended and made perpetual by 8 Geo. 2. C

24, '

Continuation.

Continued by Years

No? to extend " to

XV. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to

Scotland.'extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, Undersheriff, Bailiff,

Gaoler offending Sergeant at Mace, or other Officer or Minister aforesaid, offending against this Act, shall ("over and above against this Act. such Penalties or Punishments as he shall be liable unto by the Laws now in Force] for every Offence Tartbir Pro against this present Add, forfeit and pay to the Party thereby aggrieved the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be reco yi/rous concerning yered, with treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts at " 7"'Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

Geo. 2. c. 31 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 & j'j.

allowed.

32 Geo. 2. c. 28.

For former Laws concerning /.9ttor vies refer to 20 H, 3. C 10, i, f. 7. 12 Geo. j. C 29.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors.

12 Ed. 2. C 1. 15 Ed. 2. sat. j. 7 R. 2. C 14. 4 II 4. C 38 Of 19. 7 H. 4. C 13, 29 El. C 5. 31 EI. C 10. 3 Jac,

After I Decem. 37: 0. no Person to be admitted anattorney, un jess he take the Oath, and be in roiled.

Judges to examine into his Capacity, before Adiaiiiion.

None to be permitted to act as a Solicitor, un jess he take the Oath, and be enrolled.

Court of Equity to examine Solicitors.

FOR the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in any of the Courts of Law or equi n? ty, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person, from and after the first "Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, shall be permitted to act as an Attorney, or to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, carry on or defend, any Action or Actions, or any other Proceedings, either before or after Judgement obtained, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or Duchy of Lancaster, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in any of the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or in any other Court of Record in that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein Attorneys have been accustomably admitted and sworn, unless such Person shall take the Oath herein after directed and appointed to be taken by Attorneys, and shall also be admitted and enrolled on or before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, in such of the said Courts where he shall act as an Attorney, or shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled in the said respective Courts after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, in such Manner as is herein after directed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges of the said Courts respectively, or any one or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, before they shall admit such Person to take the said Oath, to examine and inquire, by such Ways and Means as they shall think proper, touching his Fitness and Capacity to act as an Attorney; and if such Judge or Judges respectively shall be thereby satisfied, that such Person Is duly qualified to be admitted to act as an Attorney, then, and not otherwise, the said Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to such Person the Oath herein after directed to be taken by Attorneys, and, after such Oath taken, to cause him to be admitted an Attorney of such Court respectively, and his Name to be enrolled as an Attorney of such Court respectively, without any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for administering such Oalh; which Admission shall be written on Parchment in the English Tongue, in a common legible Hand, and signed by such Judge or Judges respectively, whereon the lawful Stamp shall be first imprefied, and shall be delivered to such Person so admitted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person from and after the first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty filial 1 be permitted to act as a Solicitor, or to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, carry on, solicit or defend any Suit, or any Proceedings, in the Name of any other Person, in any Court of Equity, either in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, Court of Equity in the Exchequer Chamber, Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at wcjl minster, or Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or in any other inferior Court of Equity in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless such Person filiall take the Oath herein after directed and appointed to be taken by Solicitors in Courts of Equity, and filial] also be admitted and enrolled on or before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, in such of the said Courts of Equity, where he shall act as a Solicitor, or shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled after the said first Day of December, in such Manner as is herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of the Rolls, or two of the Masters of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the Time being respectively, or any one or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, before he or they filial admit any Person to take the said Oath, to examine and inquire, by such Ways and Means as he or they filial think proper, touching his Fitness and Capacity to act as a Solicitor in such Courts of Equity respectively; if the said Master of the Rolls, or two Matters of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the i ime bea.

D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 23.

ing, or any one or more of them respectively, shall be thereby satisfied, that such Person is duly qualified to be admitted to act as a Solicitor in inch Court of Equity, then, and not otherwise, the said Mailer of the Rolls, two Mailers of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the time being respectively, or anyone or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to such Person the Oath herein after directed to be taken by Solicitors, and, after such Oath taken, to cause him to be admitted a Solicitor in such Court of Equity, and his Name to be inrolld as a Solicitor in such Court, without any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for adminiilring such Oath, which Admission shall be written on Parchment in English, and in a common legible Hand, and signed by the Mailer of the Rolls, two Mailers of the Chancery, the Barons of the Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lamajhr, and the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity respectively, or such of them who shall admit such Person to be a Solicitor, whereon a treble forty Shillings Stamp shall be first impressed, and shall be delivered to the Person so admitted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of December afv r i h. o rr. one thousand seven hundred and thirty, no Person, who shall not before the said first Day of December have »73°- f, nc to been sworn, admitted and enrolled, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be permitted to act as an 7nlcsh°!, L Attorney, or to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, carry on or defend any Action or Actions, j I'cicrk or any Proceedings, either before or after Judgement obtained, in the Name or Names of any other Persona;, and bejn or Perlbrrs, in any of the Courts of Law aforesaid, unless such Person shall have been bound, by Contract admitted.

in Writing, to serve as a Clerk for and during the Space of five Years, to an Attorney duly and legally sworn and admitted, as herein before is directed, in some or one of the Courts herein before mentioned and that such Person for and during the said Term of five Years, shall have continued in such Service; and also unless such Person, after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, shall be examined, Iworn, admitted and enrolled, in the same Manner as the Persons, who shall he admitted Attorneys of the said Courts, are herein before required to be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges of the said Courts respectively,

or any one or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, before they shall act 'afcj thcvn mit such Person to take the said Oath, to examine and inquire, by such Ways and Means as they shall think to examine ilveir proper, touching his Fitness and Capacity to act as an Attorney; and if such Judge or Judges respectively Funds, shall be thereby satisfied, that such Person is duly qualified to be admitted to act as an Attorney, then, and not otherwise, the said Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer in open Court, to such Person, the Oath herein after directed to be taken by Attorneys, and, after such Oath taken, to cause him to be admitted an Attorney in such Court, and his Name to be enrolled as an Attorney in such Court, without any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for administering such Oath, which Admission shall be written on Parchment in the English Tongue, in a common legible Hand, and signed by such Judge or Judges respectively, whereon the lawful Stamps shall be first imprefied, and shall be delivered to the Person so admitted.

VIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Decern After i Decem. her one thousand seven hundred and thirty, no Person, who shall not, before the said first Day of December, have been sworn, admitted and enrolled, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be permitted to act as before he has a Solicitor, to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, carry on, solicitor defend, any Suit or Pro fervctj aclerle ceedings in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, in any of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, ship, and been unless such Person shall have been bound, by Contract in Writing, to serve as a Clerk for and during the duly admitted. Space of five Years, to a Solicitor duly and legally sworn and admitted, as herein before is directed, in some or one of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, and for and during the said Term of five Years shall have continued in such Service; and also unless such Person, after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, shall be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled, in the same Manner, as Persons who shall be admitted Solicitors in the Courts of Equity aforesaid, are herein before required to be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of the rolls, two Mailers jwges rf the of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and Courts of equity the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the Time being respectively, or any one or more of them, ffc; et" nt: S shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, before he or they shall admit such Person to take the said Oath, to examine and inquire by such Ways and Means as he or they shall think proper touching his Fitness and Capacity to act as a Solicitor in Courts of Equity; and if the Mailer of the Rolls, two Mailers of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancasterand such Judge or Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the Time being respectively, shall he thereby satisfied, that such Person is duly qualified to be admitted to act as a Solicitor in such Court of Equity, then, and not otherwise, the said Master of the Rolls, two Mailers of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the said Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the Time being respectively, or any one or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer in open Court, to such Person, the Oath herein after directed to be taken by Solicitors, and, after such Oath taken, to cause him to be admitted a Solicitor in such Court of Equity, and his Name to be enrolled as a Solicitor in such Court, without any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for administering such oath; which Admission shall be written on Parchment in the Ensjtjh Tongue, ai d in a common legible Hand, and signed by the Master of the Rolls, two Mailers of the Chancery, the Barons of the Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity respectively, or such of them who shall admit such Person to be a Solicitor, whereon a treble forty Shillings Stamp shall be first impressed, and shall be delivered to the Person so admitted.

694 C. 23. Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

Not to ciel ije

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Add, _ or anything herein before expressed and Perrfonsfroinbe contained, shall not lie taken or conddrued to exclude any Person from being sworn, admitted and enrolled to in?; admitted, be an Attorney in any of the Courts of Law aforesaid, who hath on or before the twenty-fifth Day od L re March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, been bound by Contradd in Writing to serve as a

2 5 March 1729 been bound for four Years,

Attorneys or Solicitor?, with Content of an Attorney of another Court, may sue out Writs, C in such Court.

Clerk to any Attorney, or Person praddifing as such, in same or one of the Courts of Law aforesaid, for any Term not less than four Years; or from being sworn, admitted and enrolled, to be a Solicitor in any of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, who hath, on or before the Paid twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, been bound, by Contradd in Writing, to serve as a Clerk to any Person praddifing as a Solicitor in any of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, for any Term not less than four Years; so as such Writing, in case any Sum of Money hath been paid or given for or in respedd of such Clerkship, hath the legal Stamp thereon impressed, and shall be registered in the Stamp office on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty; but that any Person having been bound to serve as a Clerk to any Attorney, or Person praddifing as such, and having served as aforesaid, may, after the Expiration of the said Term of four Years, be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled, to be an Attorney of any of the Courts of Law aforesaid, and any Person, having been bound to serve as a Clerk to any Person praddifing as a Solicitor, and having served as aforesaid, may, after the Expiration of the said Term of four Years, be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled, to be a Solicitor in any of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, for the same See, and in the same Manner, as the Persons who shall be admitted Attorneys or Solicitors, are herein before required to be examined, sworn, admitted and enrolled respectively; anything in this Add contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That it may be lawful, from and after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for any Person, who shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled, to be an Attorney in any of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer, Courts of Great Sessions, Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or who shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled, to be a Solicitor in the said Court of Chancery, Court of Equity in the Exchequer Chamber, Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, Courts of Equity of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, and of the Great Sessions in Wales, or any of them, as herein before is di redded, by and with the Consent and Permission of any Attorney in any of the said other Courts of Record at Westminster, Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, Courts of Exchequer at Chester, and Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales; such Consent being in Writing signed by such Attorney, and in the Name of such Attorney to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, carry on, prosecute or defend any Addion or Addions, or any other Proceedings in such Court notwithstanding such Person is not sworn, or admitted to be an Attorney of such Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Add contained shall extend either to require or authorise any Judge or Judges of any Court of Record to swear, admit or inroll, any more or greater Number of Persons to be Attorneys of such Court, than by the ancient Usage and Custom of such Court hath been heretofore allowed.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Attorney or Solicitor, with and to whom any Person hath been or shall be bound by Contract in Writing as aforesaid, to serve as a Clerk for the Term of five Years, or four Years, respectively, shall happen to die before the Expiration of the said five Years, or four Years, or if such Contract shall, by mutual Consent of the Parties, be vacated, or in case such Clerk be legally discharged by any Rule or Order of the Court, wherein such Attorney or Solicitor shall praddife, before the Expiration of the said five Years, or four Years, then, and in any of the said Cases, if such Clerk shall by Contract in Writing be obliged to serve, and shall accordingly serve as a Clerk to any other Attorney or Solicitor respectively, who shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled, as before directed, during the Residue of the said Term of five Years, or four Years, respectively, then such Service shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual, as if such Clerk had continued to serve as a Clerk for the Term of five Years, or four Years, to the same Person, to whom he was originally bound by Contradd in Writing as aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall, pursuant to this Add, be admitted and enrolled to be an Attorney in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer, Great Sessions in Wales, Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or any Inferior Courts of Record, wherein Attorneys have been accustomably admitted and sworn, shall, before he is admitted and enrolled as aforesaid, take and subscribe the Oath following, instead of the Oath heretofore usually taken by the Attorneys of such Courts respectively.

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and honefdly demean myself in the Praddice of an Attorney, accord e JL ing to the best of my Knowledge and Ability.'

So help me God.

Solicitors to take

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall, pur thcoathfol suant to this Add, be admitted and enrolled to be a Solicitor in the said High Court of Chancery, or in any lowing. of the other Courts of Equity aforesaid, shall, before he shall be so admitted and enrolled, take and subscribe the Oath following; viz.

C A.B. do swear. That I will truly and honestly demean myself in the Praddice of a Solicitor, according e A to the befd of my Knowledge and Ability.'

So help me God.

Judges not to l\vear a greater Number of Attorneys than formerly allowed. Clerks ondeaths of their Matters, C may be turned over.

Attorneys before Ad million to take the following Gath

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

C 23. 695

three Clerks.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July Ho Attorney to

in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, no Attorney or Solicitor hail have have more than more than two Clerks at one and the same Time, who shall become bound by Contract in Writing as afore, t^rks at laid, after the said first Day of july, to serve him as Clerks. onetime.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the fe Prothonotaries. veral Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas at Westmhjler, and the Secondary of the Court of of Corn

king's Bench, and the several Prothonotaries of the respective Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, tc tohlvc Lancaster and Durham, and the respective Courts of Great Sessions in [Vales, to have three Clerks at one and the same Time, and no more; and that such respective.clerks, having served a Clerkftiip to any of the said Prothonotaries, or Secondary, for any Term not less than five Years, may, after the Expiration of such

Term of five Years, be examined, admitted and enrolled, to be an Attorney of any of the Courts of Law aforesaid, and for the same See, and in the same Manner, as any other Person may be admitted and in rolled, who shall serve a Clerkship to any sworn Attorney for the Space of five Years, in case the Judge or Judges of the Court, before whom such Clerk shall be examined, be upon such Examination satisfied, that he is duly qualified to be admitted an Attorney of such Court; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first After 1 Decent.

Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, if any Person who ill all be a sworn Attorney of e"

any of the Courts of Law aforesaid, hall knowingly and willingly permit or suffer any other Person or t^g others to Persons to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, prosecute, follow or defend any Action or Actions issue out. II, or other Proceedings in his Name, not being a sworn Attorney of one of the said other Courts of Law, or a <kfabl«i sworn Solicitor of the said Court of Chancery, or of some or one of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, and 6 om Practice, shall be thereof lawfully convicted, every Person so convicted shall, from the Time of such Conviction, be

disabled and made incapable to abl as an Attorney in any of the Courts of Law aforesaid, and the Admittance of such Person to be an Attorney of any of the said Courts of Law shall from thenceforth cease and he void.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one After suns

thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine the Chief Clerk of the Court of King's Bench or his Deputy, 1729- Attorneys the Clerk of the Warrants in the Court of Common Pleas or his Deputy, the Prothonotaries of the said belnro ncdtn respective Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Chester and Durham, and of the great Sessions in Wales, or their proper

respective Deputies, and such Officers of the said inferior Courts of Law, as the Judge or Judges of the said courts,

inferior Courts respectively shall for that Purpose appoint, shall and they are hereby respectively required from Time to Time, without Fee or Reward, to inroll the Name of every Person who shall he admitted an Attorney in the said respective Courts of Law, pursuant to the Directions in this Act, and the Time when admitted, in an Alphabetical Order, in Rolls or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose in the said several and respective Offices; and also that the senior Clerk of the Petty bag Office in the Court of Chancery or his Deputy, the King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his Deputy, the Chief Clerk of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster or his Deputy, the Registers of the respective Courts of Equity in the said Counties Palatine, and of the great Sessions of [Dales, or their respective Deputies, and such officers of the inferior Courts of Equity, as the Judge or Judges of such inferior Courts respectively shall for that Purpose appoint, shall and they are hereby respectively required from Time to Time, without Fee or Reward, to inroll the Name of every Person who shall be admitted a Solicitor in the said respective Courts of Equity, pursuant to the Directions in this Act, and the Time when admitted, in an Alphabetical Order, in Rolls or Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said respective Offices in the said Courts of Equity; to which Rolls or Books in the said Courts of Law and Equity respectively all Persons shall and may have free Access without Fee or Reward.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Admission of any Attorney in any of the attormvs to be Courts aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions in this Act, shall] and may be written on Parchment with admitted without any Stamp impressed thereupon, in case he hath at any Time, on or before the first Day of June f^rnbctm^one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, been sworn and admitted an Attorney of any of the said, j, 2f Courts.

XX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the first Day of December one a sworn attor thousand seven hundred and thirty, any Person who shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled to be an Attorney neymay be ad in any of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer, Counties Palatine of Chester, mitted a solci lancaster and Durham, and Great Sessions in ifales, as herein before directed, may be sworn, admitted and _^'2, Ge 2 enrolled to be a Solicitor in all or any of the Courts of Equity aforesaid, without any Fee for the Oath, or fedv. 15*. any Stamp to be impressed on the Parchment whereon such Admission shall he written, if the Master of the Sc ic tcn may tc Rolls, two Masters of the Chancery, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy Jmnud a for

fiies <zvi: bo: U Fees.

of Lancaster, and the Judges of the said other Courts of Equity for the Time being, or any of them, respectively, shall, upon examining such Attorney touching his fitness and Capacity to abl as a Solicitor in Courts of Equity, be satisfied that such Attorney is duly qualified to be so admitted.

XXI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the first Day of December one A sworn sofici thousand seven hundred and thirty, any Person who shall be sworn, admitted and inroiicd to be a Solicitor for in one Court in any of the said Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy of Lancaster, Counties Palatine of Chester, f e9uit.v. Lancaster and Durham, and Great Sessions in Wales, as herein before directed shall and may be sworn, ad mitted and enrolled to be a Solicitor in all or any of the said other Courts of Equity, Or in any inferior Court of Equity, without any Fee for the Oath, or any Stamps to be impressed on the Parchment whereon such Admission shall be written, in case the Master of the Rolls, two Masters of the Chancery, the Barons of the court of Exchequer, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Judges of the said other Courts

of Equity for the Time being, or any of them respectively, hall, upon examining such Person

touching his

(Sg C 23.

Anno secundo Georgii II.

A.D. 1729.

The Name of the Attorney to be written on every Writ, C

Attorneys, C not to commencean Action for Fees till one Month after Delivery of their Bills.

Judges, C to refer Bills to be taxed, without Money being brought into Court, C

Attorney, &c. in their own Name suing out any Writ, &c. not inrollerf, forfeit 50 1.

Forfeitures how to be recovered.

his Fitness and Capacity to act as a Solicitor in Courts of Equity, be satisfied that such Person is duly qualified to be so admitted.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, every Writ and Process for arrest ing the Body, and every Writ of Execution, or some Label annexed to such Writ or Process, and every Warrant that shall be made out upon any such Writ, Process or Execution, shall, before the Service or Execution thereof, be subscribed or endorsed with the Name of the Attorney, Clerk in Court or Solicitor, written in a common legible Hand, by whom such Writ, Process, Execution or Warrant respectively shall be sued forth; and where such Attorney, Clerk in Court or Solicitor shall not be the Person immediately retained or employed by the Plaintiff in the Action or Suit, then also with the Name of the Attorney or Solicitor so immediately retained or employed, to be subscribed or endorsed and written in like Manner; and that every Copy of any Writ or Process that shall be served upon any Defendant, shall, before the Service thereof, be in like Manner subscribed or endorsed, with the Name of the Attorney or Solicitor, who shall be immediately retained or employed by the Plaintiff in such Writ or Process.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, no Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts aforesaid, shall commence or maintain any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any Fees, Charges or Disbursements at Law or in Equity, until the Expiration of one Month or more, after such Attorney or Solicitor respectively shall have delivered unto the Party or Parties to be charged therewith, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their dwelling house or last Place of Abode, a Bill of such Fees, Charges and Disbursements, written in a common legible Hand, and in the English Tongue (except Law Terms and Names of Writs) and in Words at length (except Times and Sums) which Bill shall be subscribed with the proper Hand of such Attorney or Solicitor respectively; and upon Application of the Party or Parties chargeable by such Bill, or of any other Person in that Behalf authorised, unto the faij Lord High Chancellor, or the A'laster of the Rolls, or unto any of the Courts aforesaid, or unto a Judge or Baron of any of the said Courts respectively, in which the Business contained in such Bill, or the greatest Part thereof in Amount or Value, shall have been transacted; upon the Submission of the said Party or Parties, or such other Person authorised as aforesaid to pay the whole Sum, that upon Taxation of the said Bill shall appear to be due to the said Attorney or Solicitor respectively, it shall and may he lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, the said Master of the Rolls, or for any of the Courts aforesaid, or for any Judge or Baron of any of the said Courts respectively, and they are hereby required to refer the said Bill, and the said attorney's or solicitor's Demand thereupon (although no Action or suit shall be then depending in such Court touching the same) to be taxed and settled by the proper Officer of such Court, without any Money being brought into the said Court for that Purpose; if the said Attorney or Solicitor, or the Party or Parties chargeable by such Bill respectively, having due Notice, shall refuse or neglect to attend such Taxation, the said Officer may proceed to tax the said Bill ex parte (pending which Reference and Taxation no Action shall he commenced or prosecuted touching the said Demand) and, upon the Taxation and Settlement of such Bill and Demand, the said Party or Parties shall forthwith pay to the said Attorney or Solicitor respectively, or to any Person by him authorised to receive the same, that shall be present at the said Taxation, or otherwise unto such other Person or Persons, or in such Manner as the respective Court aforesaid shall direct, the whole Sum that shall be found to be or remain due thereon, which Payment shall be a full Discharge of the said Bill and Demand; and in Default thereof the said Partyr or Parties shall be liable to an Attachment or Process of Contempt, or to such other Proceedings, at the Election of the said Attorney or Solicitor, as such Party or Pai ties was or were before liable unto; and if, upon the said Taxation and Settlement, it flm.ll be found that such Attorney or Solicitor shall happen to have been overpaid, then in such Case the said Attorney or Solicitor respectively shall forthwith refund and pay unto the Party or Parties entitled thereunto, or to any Person by him, her or them authorised to receive the same, if present at the settling thereof, or otherwise unto such other Person or Persons, or in such Manner as the respective Court aforesaid shall direct, all such Money as the said Officer shall certify to have been so overpaid; and in Default thereof the said Attorney or Solicitor respectively shall in like Manner he liable to an Attachment or Process of Contempt, or to such other Proceedings, at the Election of the said Party or Parties, as he would have been subject unto, if this Act had not been made; and the said respective Courts are hereby authorised to award the Costs of such Taxations to be paid by the Parties, according to the Event of the Taxation of the Bill (that is to say) if the Bill taxed be less by a sixth Part than the Bill delivered, then the Attorney or Solicitor is to pay the Costs of the Taxation; but if it shall not be less, the Court in their Discretion shall charge the Attorney or Client, in regard to the Reasonableness or Unreasonableness of such Bills.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, in case any Person shall, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, fuc out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity aforesaid, as an Attorney or Solicitor, for or in Expedition of any Gain, See or Reward, without being admitted and enrolled as aforesaid, every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay fifty Pounds to the Use of such Person who shall prosecute him for the said Offence, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for any Fee, Reward or Disbursements on Account of prosecuting, carrying on or defending any such Action, Suit or Proceeding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by any Person offending a gain ft this Act, may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of Record of and for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in tvales, for Offences committed within the Jurisdictions of such Courts respectively, or at the Assizes or Gene. a]

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. C. 21. 697

neral Qtiarter sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division where such Offence sit all be coni tnitted, by any Person who shall sue for the same within twelve Months after such oitc nce committed, together with treble Colls of Suit, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of lw shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; and that no such Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, nor any Proceedings thereupon shall be removed before Judgement, or stayed by any Writ of Certiorari, Habeas Corpus or oth.r Writ whatsoever.

XXVI. Provided never hclcfs, and it is hereby further enacted by flic Authority nforc fai j, That nothing tov' vcj i:, in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Examination, Swearing, Admission or CI, 5a' — 'a Inrollment of the six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or the sworn Clciks in their Office, or the wait, c*le"4» ing Clerks belonging to the said six Clerks, or the Cursitors of the said Court, or of the Clerks of thepetty

Bag Office, or of the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench, or of tlm Filazers of the same Court, or of the Filazers of the Court of Common Pleas at tvrjhninjier, or of the attorniesof the Court of the Duchy Chamber of 'Lancaster, or of the Attorries of the Court of Exchequer at che/ler, or of the Attorneys of the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London respectively for the Time being; but that the said Clerks, Filazers and Attorneys respectively, shall and may be examined, sworn, admitted, enrolled and practice in their rei peitive Courts and Offices aforesaid, in like Manner as they might have been or done before the making of this Add.

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby furtherdeclared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That noth: atto. ni u thing in this Add contained shall extend or be conldrued to extend to the Examination, Swearing, Admission and ior): s n or Inrollment of the Attorneys or Clerks of the Offices of the King's Remembrancer, treasurer's Remem lht exch rurr. brancer, Pipe, or Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer at tve/hninller for the Time being; but that the said Attorneys and Clerics of the said respective Offices llrall and may be approved, (worn, admitted and praddife in the said Court of Exchequer, or may praddife in any other of the Courts of Record before mentioned, in the Name and with the Consent of some sworn Attorney of such Court, such Consent to be in Writing, and signed by such Attorney as aforesaid, in like Manner as they have usually been, and might

have done, before the making of this Add, anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that it Brail and may be lawful from and after the said field Day of December one thousand fe weir hundred and thirty, for any Perfoir who Brail be sworn, admitted and enrolled an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the several Courts before mentioned, according to the Direction of this Add, to praddife and solicit in the said respective Offices, in the same Manner as heretofore has been done; anything herein before contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, That this Add or anything herein contained shall not extend or be conldrued to as also the Son. extend to the Examination, Swearing, Admission or Inrollment of Persons to be Solicitors of the Treasury, citors of tlio Customs, Excise, Poll office, salt or Stamp Duties, or of any other Branches of his Majesty's Revenue Treasury, C

may act, 1. ct: to tore.

for the Time being,

the Solicitor of the City of London for the Time being, or of the Affildant to

the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy; but that such Solicitors and Affildant may be examined, sworn, admitted and praddife, in their respective Offices only, as they might have done before the making this Add.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Continuation of Force from the said field Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine for the Term of nine the Act. Years, and from thence unto the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Continued Cmca nzctno, -. by >2 Geo. 2. c. 13. and amended and continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. until 1 June 1757. and to the End of TT'

the next Session.] Made perpetual by 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. feet. 75. i2 ciof. C if.

2.2 Geo 2. C 46.

CAP. XXIV 23c«.a.r.z6.

33 Geo. 2. c. 10.

An act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS it is found by Experience, that the Laws already in Being have not been sufficient to f Extended to

Elections of Delegates in See t jand by 16 Geo. 11.'

prevent corrupt and illegal Practises in the Election of Members to serve in parliamentfor Re medy therefore of so great an Evil, and to the End that all Elections of Members to Parliament may hereafter be freely and indifferently made, without Charge or exper.ce, be it enacted by the King's moil: Excel. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, upon every Election of any Member or Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, every Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess or Person having or claiming to have a Right to vote or be polled at such Election, shall, before he is admitted to poll at the same Election, take the following Oath (or, being one of the People called Quakers, shall make the solemn Affirmation appointed for Quakers) in case the same shall be demanded by either of the Candidates, or of any two of the Electors; that is to say.

Elexers of p.ir lia i.enc Men ?o take the following Oath, if demanded.

"JA.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, I d. B. do solemnly affirm) I have not re electotsoath.

JL ceived, or had by myself, or any Person whatsoever in Trull for me, orformyufe and Benefit, di rectly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place or Employment, Gift or Reward, or any Promise or Security for any Money, Office, Employment or Gift, in order to give my Vote at this Elec tion, and that I have not beer, before polled at this Election.'

prefijin* Officer

Which Oath or Affirmation the Officer or Officers presiding or taking the Poll at such Election, is and to a<!<ni°iikr it, are hereby empowered and required to administer rratis, if demanded, as aforesaid, upon Pain to forfeit the cn Fcri cnme of Vol. Sum sol

Sheriff or other returning Officer admitting any to be polled, before sworn, to forfeit 100 1.

Voters to incur the like Penalty. Returning Officer, after reading the Writ, to take the following Oath. Repealed so far as it relates to the returning Officer in Scotland by 16 Geo. 2. r. II jcft, 38.

What Votes shall be deemed legal.

Penalty of wilful Perjury,

Persons convicted never capable to vote.

Persons taking Money or Reward for their Vote, fire, forfeit 500 1. and disabkd to vote, See,

Offenders in 12 Months after the eleclionaif covering others, indemnified.

The Act to be read by the Sheriff, caster reading the Writ,

C 24. Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person that shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and if the said Offence shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, then to be recovered, together with full Coils of Suit, by summary Action or Complaint before the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary there, for every northeast gledt or Refusal so to do; and no Person shall he admitted to poll, till he has taken and repeated the said Oath in a public Manner, in case the same shall be demanded as aforesaid, before the returning Officer or such others as shall be legally deputed by him.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff or other returning Officer, shall admit any Person to be polled without taking such Oath or Affirmation, if demanded as aforesaid, such returning Officer shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid, together with full Coflsof Suit; and that if any Person shall vote or poll at such Election without having first taken the Oath, or, if a Quaker, having made his Affirmation as aforesaid, if demanded, such Person shall incur the same Penalty, which the Officer is subject to for the Offence abovementioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, head borough or other Person, being the returning Officer of any Member to serve in Parliament, shall, immediately after the reading the Writ or Precept for the Election of such Member, take and subscribe the following Oath, videlicet,

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I have not, directly nor indirectly, received any Sum or Sums of mo C X liey. Office, Place or Employment, Gratuity or Reward, or any Bond, Bill or Note, or any Promise or Gratuity whatsoever, either by myself, or any other Person to my Use, or Benefit or Advantage, for

making any Return at the present Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that I will return such Person or Persons as shall, to the bell of my Judgement, appear to me to have the Majority of legal

Votes.'

Which Oath any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, City, Corporation or Borough where such Election shall be made, or, in his or their Absence, any three of the Electors are hereby required and authorised to administer; such Oath, so taken, shall be entered among the Records of the Sessions of such County, City, Corporation and Borough as aforesaid,

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Votes shall be deemed to be legal, which have been so declared by the last Determination in the House of Commons; which last Determination concerning any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any returning Officer, Elector or Person taking the Oath or Affirmation herein before mentioned, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of false affirming, and be thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall incur and suffer the Pains and Penalties, which by Law are enndted or inflicted in Cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, shall, after such Conviction, be capable of voting in any Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who hath, or claimeth to have, or hereafter shall have, or claim to have any Right to vote in any such Election, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, ask, receive or take any Money or other Reward, by way of Gift, Loan or other Device, or agree or contract for any Money, Gift, Office, Employment or other Reward whatsoever, to give his Vote, or to refuse or forbear to give his Vote in any such Election, or if any Person by himself, or any Person employed by him, doth or shall, by any Gift or Reward, or by any Promise, Agreement or Security for any Gift or Reward, corrupt or procure any Person or Persons to give his or their Vote or Votes, or to forbear to give his or their Vote or Votes in any such Election, such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered as before directed, together with full Costs of Suit; and every Person offending in any of the cases aforesaid, from and after Judgement obtained against him in any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, or summary Action or Prosecution, or being any otherwise lawfully convicted thereof, shall for ever be tlifabled to vote in any Election of any Member or Members to Parliament, and also shall for ever be disabled to hold, exercise or enjoy any Office or Franchise to which he and they then shall or at any Time afterwards may be intitled, as a Member of any City, Borough, Town Corporate or Cinque Port, as if such Person was naturally dead.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person offending against this Act shall, within the Space of twelve Months next after such Election as aforesaid, discover any other Person or Persons offending against this Act, so that such Person or Persons so discovered be thereupon convicted, such Person so discovering, and not having been before that Time convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall be indemnified, and discharged from all Penalties and Disabilities which he shall then have incurred by any Offence against this Act.

IX. And for the more effectual Observance of this Act, be it enacted, That all and every the Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Officers, to whom the Execution of any Writ or Precept for electing any Member or Members to serve in Parliament shall belong or appertain, hail and are hereby required, at the Time of such Election, immediately after the reading such Writ or Precept, read or cause to be read openly before the Electors there assembled, this present Act, and every Clause therein contained; and the same shall

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 25. 699

also openly be read once in every Year at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held next after Easterfor any County or City, and at every Election of the Chief ma^/liate in any Borough, Town and at the Qgjr corporate or Cinque Port, and at the annual Election of Magistrates and Town Counsellors for every Bo ttr s'diiunt ai rough within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, under sheriff, Mayor, Bai wnr^fonenec liss and other Officer, to whom the Execution of any Writ or Precept for the electing of Members to serve tjr, a's 5°

in Parliament doth belong, for every wilful Offence, contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of for

Pounds, to be recovered, together with full Coffsof Suit, in the Manner before directed.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person rvokcudon tn shall be made liable to any Incapacity, Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid or irtmofed, unless commence, <!« Prosecution be commenced within two Years after such Incapacity, Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty shall n,

be incurred, or in case of a Prosecution the same be carried on without w ilful Delay; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. by

9 Geo. 2. c. 38. And concerning Parliament see farther 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. S Geo. 3. c. 30* 11 Geo. 3. % C 14. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 1$ Geo. 2.

C is. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to Ideal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money.

WHEREAS the wicked, pernicious and abominable Crimes of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation For former Laws, of Perjury, have of late Time been so much practised, to the Subversion of common Truth and "lout Forgery Justice, and Prejudice of Trade and Credit, that it is necessary, for the more effectual preventing of such gjx, ' j*enormous Offences, to inflict a more exemplary Punishment on such Offenders, than by the Laws of this i2 i. j.jj'. ' Realm can now be done Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person from and after the twenty-ninth Day of June To forge any in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, deed>&c* Sell or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, AA" forging or counterfeiting any Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, pro 'of^aagah fl miffory Note for Payment of Money, Endorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange, or promissory this Act are ex note for Payment of Money, or any Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention ceptedcutf the to defraud any Person whatsoever, or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged or counterfeited Deed, Pardon, ^Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, promissory Note for Payment of Money, 20 c°' 2'c' 52' Endorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or promissory Note for Payment of Money, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited; then every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted according to Fcf'

the due Cnurfp nf i.aw. shall he deemed cmilfv of Felnnv. and suffer Death as a Felon, without benefitsfceo!z 7. a.

the due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, of Clergy.

cb; 18.

7 Geo. 2. c. 22. And 31 Geo. 2. c. 22.

fel. 9. also by which last this Claife: s extended

II. And the more effectually to deter Persons from committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation

of Perjury, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Punishment already to be in Penalty for per flicted by Law for so great Crimes, it shall and may be lawful for the Court or Judge, before whom any Fry and Subor person shall be convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, according to the Laws nn n now in Being, to order such Person to be sent to Tome House of Correction within the same County, for a 5'9'

Time not exceeding seven Years, there to be kept to hard Labour during all the said Time, or otherwise to be transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, for a Term not exceeding seven Years, as the Court shall think most proper; and thereupon Judgement shall be given, that the Person convicted shall be committed or transported accordingly, over and beside such Punishment as shall be adjudged to be inflicted on such Person, agreeable to the Laws now in Being; and if Transportation be directed, the same Cemcernibr Per. shall be executed in such Manner as is or shall be provided by Law for the Transportation of Felons; and ]urj jet father if any Person so committed or transported shall voluntarily escape or break Prison, or return from Trans3 <?». a. C 11. portation before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall be ordered to be transported, as aforesaid, h, ch dtnbsibe such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, Form rfpr°ft- and shall be tried for such Felony in the County where he so escaped, or where he ftinll be apprehended. c' "m'

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, after the said To ileal Orders, twenty-ninth Day of Jane shall steal or take by Robbery any Exchequer Orders or Tallies, or other Orders, Tallies, C intitling any other Person or Persons to any Annuity or Share in any parliamentary Fund, or any Exchequer fe!ony bills, Banknotes, South sea Bonds, East india Bonds, Dividend Warrants of the Bank, south-sea Company, East India Company or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Bills of Exchange, Navy

Bills or Debentures, Goldsmiths Notes for Payment of Money, or other Bonds or Warrants, Bills or pro miflory Notes for the Payment of any Money, being the Property of any other Person or Persons, or of any Corporation, notwithstanding any of the said Particulars are termed in Law a Choje in ac.ion, it shall be deemed and construed to be E'elony, of the same Nature and in the same Degree, and with or without the Benefit of Clergy, in the same Manner as it would have been, if the Offender had ffolen or taken by Robbery, any other Goods of like Value with the Money due on such Orders, Tallies, Bills, Bonds, Warrants, Debentures or Notes, or secured thereby, and remaining unsatisfied, and such Offender shall suffer

Anno secundo Georgii II.

oo C 26.

A.D. 1729.

Not to e^'cnd to Scotland.

Attainder not to corrupt Blood.

Continuance of the Ad.

Revived and made perpetual 9 Geo. 2. C is

a & SP.&M. C 16. 8 El. C

33. 1 Jac. 1.

C 16. 11 & 12

W. 3. CU 4 Ann. C 13 & 39.

such Punishment as he or fire should or might have done, if he or she had stolen other Goods of the like Value with the Moneys due on such Orders, Tallies, Bonds, Bills, Warrants, Debentures or Notes respectively, or secured thereby, and remaining unsatisfied; Law to the contrary thereof in any wise used notwithstanding.

IV. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall! extend or be construed to extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attainder for any Offence hereby made Felony, shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, ordifhe rifon of Heirs.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be of Force for the Space of five Years, to be reckoned from the said twenty-ninth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed relating to Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, rowing on the River thames, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen.

WHEREAS several Laws and Statutes have been heretofore made for the better regulating and governing all Persons free of the Watermens Company, owning, rowing or working Boats or other Craft upon the River Thames, between Gravesend in the County of Kent, and Windsor in the County of Berks, but the said Laws have by Experience been found to be inest eftual to answer the good Ends and Purposes thereof; and it is necessary to make further Provision in the Premises, and to provide against the Mischiefs which happen by entrusting Apprentices too weak, unable, and unskilful in the Work, with the Care of Goods, and the Lives of Passengers on the said River; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and nowaterman on by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun the River dred aru] twenty-nine, it shall not be lawful for any Person whatsoever, who now or hereafter shall keep, xk^a^ en u^e' '1're or w01^: any Wherry Boat, Tilt Boat, Barge or other vessel for carrying Passengers or Goods for tice unless he Hire, upon the River Thames, between Gravesend and jvindfor aforesaid, to bind, receive, take or employ be an House any Apprentice or Apprentices, Servant or Servants, unless he shall be a housekeeper, or have some known keeper, or have Habitation, Lodging or place of Abode, where he may receive and entertain such Apprentice or appren fotne known tjees, Servant or Servants, and shall from Time to Time register with the Clerk of the said Company for

ace 0. code, t Time being, the Habitation, Lodging or Place of Abode where he shall then reside, or where to be shall

afterwards remove; upon Pain that every Master or Person binding, receiving, taking, retaining or employing any Apprentice or Servant contrary to this Act, and being thereof convicted before the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Time being, for the said City, or for the County or Place where the Offenders shall be found, by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Elands and Seals of such Lord Mayor, Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; for want of sufficient Distress such Offender shall, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Lord Mayor, Justice or Justices of the Peace be committed to the next common or public Workhouse or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or main prize, and to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days; and the Clerk of the said Company for the Time being is hereby required, upon any Application made to. him, to register the Habitation, Lodging and Place of Abode of every such Waterman, Wherryman or mer s H mta'1*'* Lighterman, and every such Removal as aforesaid, of any or either of them, in some Book of the said Com uon? onfciial paliy? to be kept for that Purpose, without Fee or Reward; and, in case such Clerk shall neglect or refuse ivof iol. so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered and ap apprentices may plied as any other Penalty is to be levied, recovered and applied by this Act; and if any such watermanj le turned over to Wherryman or Lighterman shall neglect or refuse to register his Habitation, Lodging or Place of Abode, and othermasters, on every such Removal thereof as aforesaid, every such Apprentice or Apprentices bound to any such Water 0 te man, Wherryman or Lighterman, shall and may, upon Application made to the Rulers and Overseers of the said Company, or the major Part of them, at any of their public Courts or Assemblies, be by them turned over to any other Master or Mistress; Indenture, Covenant, Contrast or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And for the Security of the Lives of Passengers, and Safety of Goods passing on the said River, between the Limits aforesaid. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, it shall not be lawful for any Apprentice to have or take upon him the foie Care and Management of any Boat or other Vessel upon the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, until such Apprentice shall have attained the full Age of sixteeti Years, if he be the Sen of a Waterman, and the Age of seventeen Years, being the Son of a Land man, and unless such Apprentice shall have worked and rowed upon the said River with some able and skilful Waterman, wherry man or Lighterman for the Space of two Years at the least, before his attaining of the said respective Ages; End in case any such Apprentice, under the Years aforesaid, flrall offend or aft contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be convicted thereof in Manner as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence

n Penalty of 30 1.

r trr prison ynent.

Clerk of the Company to registering.

A pprentice not to be entrusted with the foie Care of a Boat till 16 Years of Age, if a Wa. terman's Son, and 17 if the Son of a Land

Anno secundo Georgii II.

C 26. 701

the Sum of ten Shillings, to be levied, recovered, paid and applied to and for such Uses and Purposes, penohv 10:. on and in such Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture in and by this at is to be levied, recovered and though, vialler applied.

III. And whereas, pursuant to the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, the Rulers, Auditors and aftift

ants of the Society and Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, upon the said River, b. c.

Gravesend and ivindfor aforesaid, have, for the better and more effectual keeping and maintaining good Order and Obedience amongst the Paid Society and Company, made and ordained several good Rules,

Orders and Constitutions, with reasonable Penalties for Breach thereof, which being approved by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, and afterwards confirmed by the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the Time being, are and ought to be observed and put in Execution, but the same are in a great Measure ineffectual for want of fufneient Distress to answer the said Penalties, by Means whereof the mor notorious Offenders often efcnpe unpunished, and the Offences are repeated to the great Injury of his Majesty's Subjects: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where sufficient Distress cannot be found to pay and fa Where n(rhi

fis fy the Penalties inflicted, or to be inflicted, by any such Rules, Orders or Confutations, so made or to ^/off'i

be made, approved and confirmed as aforesaid, Oath being made of such want of Distress before the Lord t, [0

Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or before any justice of the Peace for the County, City or Place hwgof Cor

where the Offender shall be found, it shall be lawful to and for such Lord Mayor or Justice of the Peace, redtion.

+and they are hereby required to commit such Offender to the public Workhouse or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days, such Offender being convicted according to this Act or the Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

[

intituled, An Act for tbs Ex u & u w, 3.

plantation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River of C

Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, wherrymen and Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, not having None lut Free -- served for the Space of seven Years to any Waterman, Wherryman or Lighterman (except Trinity men, men to work any Fishermen, Ballastmen and Persons employed in rowing or any ways navigating western Barges, Mill Boats, Boat, con Chalk Boys, Faggot and Wood Lighters, Dung Boats' and Gardeners Boats, in such Manner as has been 0°* accustomed, and is allowed and referred by the said Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of King. Explained and William the Third) shall row or cause to be rowed or worked any Boat, Wherry, Lighter or other Vefi amended by fel or Craft upon the find River, for Hire or Gain, between the Limits aforesaid, at any Time or Times Geo. , c. 24.j hereafter, that then and in such Case, every such Offender, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, being thereof convicted in such Manner as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be levied and recovered in Manner aforesaid j and for imprisor.- want of sufficient Distress it shall be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, mentor any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and he and they are hereby required by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal or Blands and Seals, to commit such Offender to the next common or public Workhouse or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days.

V. And whereas by Experience the present Number of Assistants of the said Company are so numerous, as at their Meetings, instead of doing Business, to occasion Confusion and Disturbance, 'Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Number of Assistants of the said Company, at their future Elections shall be reduced to thirty, but each of them the said Assistants to be elected, named and appointed, as heretofore they have been used severally to be.

VI. Provided always, That this Acc, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be confrrued This A not to to extend to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwise impeaching of any prejudice ths Right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, Lord of the Manor of jhord nf 'lic Gravesend, his Heirs, Executors, administrators or Assigns, for the holding a certain Court within the said flvlfeld. Manor, called Curia Curftts Aqua, or the Court of the Watercourse, for the better Government of Barges,

Boats and Vessels, using the Ferry or Passage from the Town of Gravesend to London, and of the Persons owning or working the same, or of any other Rights, Liberties, Powers and Privileges whatsoever belonging to the said late Duke, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, relating to the said Ferry or Passage, or to the Barges, A iltboats or other Boats and Vessels using the said Ferry or Passage, or plying at the Bridge of the said Town of Gravesend, or the Persons owning or working the same or otherwise howsoever.

Provided always, That this Act, cr any i hing therein contained, shall not extend or be construed Northe v.ilagej. to extend, to the lessening, taking away, hindering, prejudicing or impeaching of any Grants, Liberties, and Parishes of Franchises, Customs, Privileges or Usages, now or heretofore lawfully used, held or enjoyed by the Mayor, ^tvoe^end aaa Jurats and Capita! Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton in the County of Kent, 3' °n'

touching, concerning or relating to the Passage and Ferry upon the said River of Thames, from the said Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton to the said City of London, or touching or concerning the Government or Gubernation of the said Passage and Ferry, but that the said Mayor, Jurats and Inhabitants, and their Successors, shall and may do and execute all and every such lawful Act and Acts, Powers and Authorities touching the said Passage and Ferry, and the Government thereof, as they might or could have done, if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lef owners ofkeys fees. Owners or Occupiers of any Key or Keys betwixt the Hermitage Bridge and London Bridge, or any

or. b ' 55

The Number of Assistants to be reduced to thirty.

Anno fecimdo Georgii II.

702 C 27, 28.

A.D. 1r 2

London Bridge, may use their large Crafts as heretofore.

3 1 & 12 W, 3. C 21.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be sued for.

Constables and Head boroughs to assist in executing this at.

All Prosecutions to commence within 30 Days after Fact committed.

General Blue

Public A<5V.

See farther Geo. 2. c. 24. 20 Geo. 2. c. 31.

2 9.

or either of them, to use their and every of their Lighters, or large Crafts, as hath been heretofore lawfully accustomed, for the carrying of Goods and Merchandizes to and from their respective Keys and Wharves, and to and from Ships loading or unloading, and to employ any Person or Persons, being Watermen or Lightermen duly qualified, as in and by the said Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and tvberrymen rowing on the 'River of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor, is directed or appointed, to row and work in their respective Lighters, or large Craft, and to do and at anything, as heretofore they might lawfully do, from such their respective Keys and Wharves to any Ships or Vessels as aforesaid; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred or forfeited by Virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued and prosecuted for by the Rulers and over seers of the said Company, or any two of them for the Time being, in such Manner as is provided for and directed by the said Act passed in the eleventh anc! twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the third, intituled, An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rovj tng on the River of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, wherrymen and Lightermen upon the said River betvjecn Gravesend and Windsor, and when the said Penalties and for feitures shall be recovered or levied, the same shall be paid to the said Rulers and Overseers of the said Company, or the major Part of them for the Time being, and shall be by them paid and distributed to and for the Use of the Poor of the said Company, in such Manner as the said Rulers and Overseers, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall think fit; and all Prosecutions for the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be commenced within one Month next after the Offence shall be committed.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Constables and Headboroughs shall be aiding and assisting in the due Execution of this Act; and that in case any Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter, Cause or Thing done in Pursuance of this Act, or any former Act relating to the Water service on the said River, or to the regulating and governing the Company and Persons aforesaid, that in every such Case the Action, Suit or Prosecution shall be brought and commenced within thirty Days next after the! committed, and not afterwards; and such Person or Persons so sued, prosecuted or molested, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, plead the General issue, and give this and any such former Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of the said former Acts, or this present Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or that such Action, Suit or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing or commencing the same, that then the Jury hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law; and that this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enable her Majesty to be Regent of this Kingdom, during his Majesty's Absence, without taking the Oaths.

EXP.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal, to continue several Acts for preventing Frauds in the Cu froms; for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom -, for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity for making perpetual an Act therein mentioned, for suppressing of Piracy; for enabling Persons prosecuted upon the Capias, in relation to the running of Goods, to defend in Forma Pauperis; for more effectually debarring of unlawful Games; for licensing Retailers of Brandy, and other distilled Liquors, and for better Regulation of Licences for common Inns and Alehouses'

'the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are expired or near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Act j Geo. 1. Df the farncj that the Clause in an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George forei ii Bn"!. ° First intituled, An Act against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing ttc. revivedj from Frauds relating to the Customs, which relates to the Importation of foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong 1 May 1729. to Waters or Spirits, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, under the Burden of fifteen Tuns, which is expired, hall -9 Sept. 1774, be and is hereby revived, and shall be in Force for the Purposes therein mentioned, from the first Day of May

C 28.

7°3

May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand Farther con seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. l'nued G 20,

Geo. 2. c. 47.

And farther cor tinned to 29 Syt. 1760, by 7.7 Geo. 2. r. is.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the thirteenth Year of Gcg C his said late majesty's Reign, entitled, In /iff for tbs free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein rc?|ating c8?' limited, which is expired, shall be and is hereby revived, and shall be in Force for the Purposes therein men chincal revived tioned, from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, until the first Day of from 1 May May one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par '29-10 1 liament. ^3°.

20 Geo. 2. c. 47.

And farther continued by 27 Geo. 2. C is.

III. And whereas several Clauses in an Add made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, C coi. C u. 4 intituled, An Act against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandizes as shall be taken in at cjn orn r" con Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, Vessc! or Boat, and tinued till 20 4 also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are Sept. 1754, e. ' provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out so Geo. 2. c. 47. 4 for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on Board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tuns or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum 3 j cn. 2. C 16. 4 imported in Cases or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the least; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which said several Clauses were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament respectively (which said several Clauses lafb mentioned were,

4 by another Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for continuing of some9 Geo T C 8<

Laws and reviving others therein mentioned, and against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported, further continued from the Expiration of the several and respective Terms therein mentioned,

for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament): And whereas the said Clauses are near expiring, but in regard it is necessary that the said Clauses should be fur there continued, for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned Clauses in the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and so continued by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late Majesty, shall be in Force and put in Practice, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, from and after the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat the several Clauses contained in an Act s Geo. 1. C 15. made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the

Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing tares con"; nue the Duties on Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported, and for Importation of all Furs of t; n sept. the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only, and that the Hvo Corporations of assurance on any 1734. C

Suits brought on their Policies fall be liable only to ftngle Damages, relating to the Encouragement of the 26 Gco -- C 32-

Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which Farther contmed

were to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven bun CV"

and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which were

by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to continue several Acts therein n Geo. 1. c. 20.

mentioned, for encouraging of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, further continued from the Expiration thereof for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof,

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That the two last Clauses, for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Two last Clauses Abuses in the said last mentioned Manufactures, contained in an Act made in the ninth Year of his Maje atft^nuedvilv" sty's Reign, for continuing some Laws and reviving others, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, shall Sept, ff be of full Force, and shall be put in Execution accordingly, until the said twenty-ninth Day of September And farther con. one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par tinned by 32 Geo.

liament. C 23.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in the eighth Year of his 3 Geo. i. c.is late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection rclat*n3 tocop ihereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their fftuarcntine, and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the finued for uiree British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject, which years, C was to be in Force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and 1 Farther cont! twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which Act (except the nued by 20 Geo. Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarantine) was by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his 2 C 47- end late majesty's Reign, to continue several Acts therein mentioned, for encouraging of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, for making Copper Ore of the cm. a C 16.1 British Plantations an enumerated Commodity, and for, explaining and amending a late Act for more effectual Punishment of such who shall wilfully burn and destroy Ships, further continued from the Expfta

tion

Anno secundo Georgii II.

28.

S Geo. 1. c. 24. for supprefting Piracy', made pc pctual.

*what Per Tonnes, wrofecuted by' Capias, may defend in Forma Pauperis.

11 H. 7. C 12. Concerning Poor see farther 3 Geo.

C 29. 17 Geo. ic. 3, 37, 6? 3s, ard 31 Geo. 2.

c.ll,

at 33 Hen. 8, c. 9. against unlawful games, made more ef feflual. Concerning unlawful Gaming see farther xz Geo. 2. c. 2s.

18 Geo. 2. r. 34. 30 Geo. 2. c. 24.

Retailors of Brandy, C to be licensed. Concerning bran tly, (fc. see farther 6 Geo. 2. c. 17.

7 gvo. 2. 14,

SG 23.

JO Geo. 2. r. t -11 Geo. 2. c. 2

15 Gra. 2. C 2 -

16 Geo. 2. S',

o 29- 33 Geo.

tion thereof for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be (except so much of the same at as relates to Ships or Veil ds performing Quarantine) and the same is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the at made in the eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring, shall be and is hereby made perpetual.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person arrested and imprisoned by Virtue of any Writ of Capias, or Information relating to the Customs, hall make Affidavit before the Judge or Judges of such Court, where such Action or Information shall be brought, or before any other Person commissioned by such Court to take Affidavits, that he is not worth, over and above his wearing Apparel, the Sum of five Pounds (which Affidavit the said Judge or Judges of such Court, and such Person so commissioned, is and are hereby authorised and required to take) and such Person shall thereupon petition such Court to be admitted to defend himself against such Action or Information in Forma Pauperis, that then the Judges of such Court shall according to their Discretions admit such Person to defend himself against such A Aon or Information, in the same Manner, and with the same Privileges, as the Judges of such Court are by Law directed and authorised to admit poor Subjects to commence Actions for the Recovery of their Rights; and for that End and Purpose it shall be lawful for the Judges of such Courts to assign counsel learned in the Law, and to appoint an Attorney and Clerk of such Court to advise and carry on any legal Defence that such Person can make against such Action or Information, which said Counsel, Attorney and Clerk so sfsigned and appointed, is and are hereby required to give his and their Advice and Assistance to such Person, and to do their Duties without Fee or Reward.

IX. And whereas a good and profitable Statute was made in the three and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth (among other Things) for the debarring of unlawful Games: And whereas by the said Statute no Power is given unto the Justices of the Peace, to demand and take from Persons found playing contrary to Law, any other Security than their own recognizances, that they or any of them shall not from thenceforth use such unlawful Games, unless such Persons are so found playing contrary to Law upon the View of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace For Remedy thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall be proved upon the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, as well ns where such Justice or Justices shall find, upon his or their own View, that any Person or Persons have or hath used or exercised any unlawful Game contrary to the said Statute, the said Justice or Justices shall have full Power and Authority to commit all and every fuel) Offender and Offenders to Prison, without Bail or Mainprize, unless and until such Offender and Offenders shall enter into one or more Recognisance or Recognizances, with Sureties or without, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, that he or they respectively shall not from thenceforth play at or use such unlawful Game.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, sell Brandy or other distilled Liquors, by Retail, to be drank in his, her or their House or Houses, but such Persons only as shall be thereunto licensed and allowed, in the same Manner as common Alehouse Keepers, and every Person or Persons so selling Brandy, or other distilled Liquors by Retail as aforesaid, shall be subject to such Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, as common Alehouse Keepers now are for selling Drink without Licence; and the several Justices of the Peace of this Kingdom, and other Officers, are hereby empowered and authorised to have and exercise the same Jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities over such Retailers of Brandy and other distilled Liquors, which they now have or exercise over common Alehouse Keepers, by any Law or Statute whatsoever.

17 Geo. 2. c. 37.

2. C C. 28.

19 Geo. z C 12. 20 Geo. 2. c. 39. 24. Geo. 2. c. 40. 7.6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. C it. $i Geo. 2. C 36, 32 Geo. 2,

No Licence to keep Inns or Alehouses lo be gtanted but at & General Meeting of the j11 flic t C

by 26 G: C 2. C 31, jef:. 4.

licences already granted to i ul.fi ft till 1 Sept 17^0.

Concerning are houses Jee sat there 2 % Geo. 2. c. 1 29 Geo. 2. C iz.

XI. And whereas many Inconveniences have arisen from Persons being licensed to keep Inns, and common Alehouses, by Justices of the Peace, who living remote from the Places of Abode of such Persons, may not be truly informed as to the Occasion or Want of such Inns or common Alehouses, or the Characters of the Persons applying for Licences to keep the same Be it therefore enacted by the autho thority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, no Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep a common Inn or Alehouse, or to retail any Brandy or Strong Waters, but at a General Meeting of the Justices of the Peace, acting in the Division where the said Person dwells, to be held for that Purpose, on the first Day of September yearly, or within twenty Days after, or at any other Gene al Meeting of the said Justices, t o be held for the Division wherein the said Person resides; and all Licences which fttall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, be granted to the contrary hereof, shall be null and void.

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige Persons already licensed, to take out new Licences on the lirftday of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, cr wi.hin twenty Days after, but that the Licences already granted shall subsist and be valid, until the first of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; shall anything herein contained extend to alter the Method or Power of granting Licences for keeping of common Inns, Alehouses orbrandy shops, in anycity or Town Corporate.

Anno see undo Georgii II.

C 29

- 31. 7 03

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to empower his Majesty to visit the Collegiate Church of Manchester, during such Time as the Wardenship of the said Church is or Hull be held in Commendam which the bishopric of Chester.

WHEREAS the Collegiate Church of Manchester, by Virtue of a Charter granted by King Charles the First, in the eleventh Year of his Reign, was founded and made a Body Corporate, and the Bishop of Chester for the Time being was thereby appointed to be Visitor of the said Collegiate Church

And whereas his late Majesty King George the First, of Blcfltd Memory, was graciously pleased to allow the present Bishop of Chester to hold the Wardenship of Manchester in Commendam with that Bishopric:

And whereas the present Bishop of Chester, being Warden of the said Collegiate Church, cannot there sore exercise the Power of a Visitor, and some Doubt having lately arisen, whether the King can visit the said Church, during the Suspension of the present Bishop ot chester's Power Be it therefore enacted by When the war the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern denship of man poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during clilar Lc such Time as the Wardenship of Manchester is or shall be held in Commendam with the Bishopric of Chester, the Power of visiting of the said Collegiate Church of Manchester is and shall be vested in the Crown; and tb/niihoprkk that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Kings of Great Britain, have and shall hereby have full Power of chester, the and Authority to visit the said Collegiate Church, according to the Tenor of the Charter of Foundation of King may visit. the said Church.

IE Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained final] extend, or in any wise be conllrued to extend, to dellroy any of the Rights or Powers of the Metropolitical See of York, or of the Archbishop of the same for the Time being, in and Nottofteftioy over the said Collegiate Church of Manchester, and every Member and Officer within the same, but that tl'e ^l°h's ?{. the said Rights and Powers of the said Metropolitical See of York, and of the Archbishop for the Time being, 1 C Sce 0*orte' shall be and remain, in all Times coming, in as full Force and Virtue, as if this present Act had never been made, and that this Act final I be deemed and taken to be a public Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dispute or Question shall Disputes ron arise concerning the Election or Admission of any of the present Members or Officers of the said College, «rmngejeaior.s by reason of his or their not being elected or admitted within the Time limited by the Charter, the same common shall be determinable by the Course of the common-law, and not otherwise, in such Manner as if no VI ommon a fitatorial Power were in Being.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for making the Hamlet of Trapping Stepney, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stebunheath alias Stepney in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

PR.

3, 000l. allotted for the Rectors of the new Church in Trapping Stepney out of the Money intended by Act 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C. 23. churchwardens may make Vaults, and setup Monuments, ico I. per Ann. without Deduction, to be paid to the Rector. Vestrymen to choose Lecturers, C The Dillridl hereby appointed, to be a dillindl Parish, and divided from Stepney Parish, and discharged from small Tithes, tsy. AH great Tithes to be paid to Brafen Nose College in Oxford. The churchwardens to pay to the two Portionills 30l. per Atm. each, so long as they shall continue Portionills. No Surplice Fees for Burials, unless the Corps be carried into the Church, Cfc. The Parish Clerk to be a Member of the Corporation of Parish Clerks.

Rectory not to be held in Commendam. Parish Clerk to pay to the present Clerk of Stepney 13 I. per Annum.

Act not to alter the Methods for repairing the Highways lying in the Parish of Stepney.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or int ployments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for thac purpose, for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; as also for the Repeal of so much of an Act passed 30 Car. 2. as relates to the sworn Servants of the King's or queen's Majesty.

FOR quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and preventing the Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen to diverse Persons, who on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Professions, C or any other Cause, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths appointed to be taken by such Persons,

in and by an Act made in tlw first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of e Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Pctfon and Government, and the 1 Geo. 1. Sat,; ', ' Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protes ants, and for extinguishing the C 's C Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and ferret Abettors, or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charees the Second, entitled,

Anno secundo Georgii II.

706 C 1.

A.D.

29.

_ sjcar. s. C i

An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, by receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation therein mentioned, which said Persons have, through the Shortness of the Time allowed for that Purpose, or some Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths, or other wise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided, is required, whereby e they may be in danger of incurring diverse Penalties and Disabilities Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Persons before in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and SNOW. 1729. Persons who hall, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand qualifying them seven hundred and twenty-nine, take and subscribe the Oaths appointed by an Act made in the first Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Peri Geo. .1. Stat. son aid Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the Piinccfs Sophia, being Protestants, and C 33. for cxiinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such Cases

wherein by Law the said Oaths ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at such Place and Places, as are in and by (he said Act directed, and also receive the Sacrament of the lord's Sapper according to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the Indemnified said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, shall be and hereby are indemnified, freed and dif fromali former, charged of, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred for or by reason 'oauffions., of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths, or receiving the said Sacrament,

or making and subscribing the said Declaration respectively, according to the abovementioned Acts, or either of them, or any other Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trust, and is, are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition, as such Person and Persons were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be hereby deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves according to the abovementioned Acts, and every of them, and that all Acts done or to be done, by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity, as the same, or any of them, would have been, if such Person or Persons had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Persons qualifying themselves in the Manner, and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual, as if such Person or Persons had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and received the said Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned; any Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Officers already

II. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to avoided not to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing te restored. whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or already filled up, and enjoyed by another Person; but such Office, Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons, who is or are now entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

III. And whereas the Obligation to take and subscribe the Oaths appointed to be taken and subscribed by Persons on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Professions, or any other Cause in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, is found in convenient, by reason the Time for taking and subscribing the said Oaths is limited to three Months after any person's Admittance to, or Entry upon, any Preferment, Benefice, Office, Place, Employment or Pro part of the Act ' session, in the said Act mentioned: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of j Geo. 1. Star. 2. the said Act, as requires any Person or Persons to take and subscribe the said Oaths therein mentioned, C 13. requiring within three Months after he or they shall be admitted into, orenierupon such Preferment, Benefice, or to b^take ftn ce or ^ace' or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment or Business, three Months as therein is mentioned, shall be and is by this Act absolutely repealed.

repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons that The Time limi shall be admitted, entered, placed or taken into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or hall receive red for such any Pay, Salary, See or Wages, by Reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc quabdications. ceflbi s, or flail have Command or Place of Trust, from or under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by his Authority, or by Authority derived from him or them, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or that shall be admitted into any Service, Office or Employment, in the Houshold or Family of his Majesty, or her Majesty, or of his Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, or any other of his Majesty's issue, and all Ecclesiastical Persons, Pleads or Governors, of what Denomination soever, and all other Members of Colleges and Halls within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or shall be of the Foundation, or that do or flail enjoy any Exhibition, being of, or as soon as they shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, and all Persons teaching or reading to Pupils, in either of the aforesaid Universities ot elsewhere, and all School masters and Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, High or Chief Constables, and every Person who shall act as Sergeant at Law, counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Clerk or Notary, by practising in any Manner as such in any Court or Courts whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, who flail at any Time after the twenty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight be admitted into, or enter upon, any of the abovementioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices or Places, or hall come into any such Capacity, or shall take ttpon him or them any such Practice, Employment or Business as aforesaid, hall take and subscribe the Oaths

Anno secundo Georgii II.

707

4 by o Geo. 2. t.:

appointed by the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, at such Places, and in Rich Form, as by that Statute is directed, in his Majesty's Court of Cluncery,

king's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, ar any Time before the End of the n xtterm, afeer he or9G they shall be admitted into, or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice, Office or Place, or come into Inch Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Imployment or Bnfinels as aforesaid, or shill take and subscribe the said Oaths as aforesaid at any Time before the End of the next Qinrtcr sessions of the County, City or Place where such Person shall be or reside, after he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice, Office or Place, or come into any such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment or Business as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any Person beyond the Seas, who by Virtue personsi Lc mi of this Act ought to take and subscribe the said Oaths, so as such Person do, within four Months after his the $.. mey Return to, and Arrival in, that Part of Great Britain called England., take and subscribe the said Oaths, in9>al»fv II mi such Manner and Form, and at such Place and Places as are appointed in and by the said Act, made in the w*'«with.! f t first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, and also receive the Sacrament of^j the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received,

and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every psrfons«w 'n Person and Persons aforesaid, that shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths, or either of them, within the Timus hm the Time and at the Places aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be liable unto and incur limited n -- all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Forfeitures and Penalties, as in and by the said Act of the first Year iff ^cmfckc" " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First are provided and inflicted for not taking and subscrib i|a[|c 77°'ing the said Oaths; and in case of executing of any such Office, Place or Employment, after such Neglect Disabilities in or Refusal, every such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted in such Manner as by the said igco. Star, s; Act is directed, shall be liable unto and incur all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Forfeitures and Penalties, c r3

as in and by the said Act are in the like Case provided and inflicted, to be prosecuted, sued for and recovered in such Manner as therein is prescribed.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho All the Powers ri ties. Conditions, Directions and Provisions, in and by the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of his in 1 Geo. 1. to late Majesty King George the First enacted or provided, touching or relating to the taking or subscribing be ln forfe of the said Oaths, or the Neglect or Refusal thereof, or in consequence of such taking or subscribing the said Oaths, or Neglect or Refusal thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in full Force, as if the same were herein particularly inserted and re enacted; favingas to the Alteration hereby made in respect of Exceptions, the Times limited for taking and subscribing the said Oaths; and saving also as to the Indemnity hereby granted to such, who on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November next shall take and subscribe the said Oaths; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

e. ing and canfccrating Bishops, Priejls and Deacons in the Church of England, it is among! other Things en added, That all Mailers, Fellows, Chaplains and Tutors, of or in any College, Hall, House of Learning or Hospital, and every public professor and Reader in any of the Universities, should take and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned and directed to be subscribed, before the vice-chancellor for the Time s being, or his Deputy, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Masterships, Headships, Fellowships, Pro ' feffors Places and Readers Places in the said Universities; notwithstanding which several Persons have through Inadvertency omitted to subscribe the said Declaration, and have thereby incurred the Penalties inflicted by the said Act: 'Now for the Relief of such Mailers, Fellows, piofeftors and Readers in any of the said Universities, as have neglected to subscribe the said Declaration, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Mailers, Fellows, Chaplains and Tutors, of or in any College, Hall, Times limited House of Learning or Hospital, and every public professor and Reader in any of the Universities, who Q have neglected or omitted to subscribe the said Declaration, and shall before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine take and subscribe the said Declaration before such Person, and in such Manner as required by the said Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his said

late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Act:

icentli and fourteenth Years of of Parliament requiring the talc

and

lows, Sic. in the Universities, to qualify themselves.

subscribing the same, shall be and are hereby indemnified from all Forfeitures, Disabilities and Incapacities inflicted by the said Act, and shall be reilorcd to their respective Headships, Fellowships, Professors Places and Read rs Places: Provided, That this Act shall not extend to restore any such Person or Persons to any Headship, Fellowship, professor's Place or reader's Place, who through such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid hath or have forfeited the same, and which are already filled up or enjoyed by any other Person or Persons.

IX. Whereas all Persons having Command or Place of Trust from or under his Majesty, or who are of

r, f 1-,; = are bound by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the

econd, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen

the Household or in the Reign of the late King

ervic

ct IA

e or tles

rns ivi the S

15 Car,

from Popij7; Reafants, to make and tubferibe a Declaration against Transubstantiation in the Sacrament of the lord's Supper; and the sworn Servants of the King's or queen's Majesty are bound, by an Act made s in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more car.

ejfcbual preserving the King's Person and Government, by difclding pat//is from sitting in cither House of Par J 4 hamsnt, to repeat and subscribe a like Declaration against Transubstantiation, toge: h r with some Additions, and the Declaration only against Transubstantiation being, rs to these Persons, sufficient; 'Be it So mucl1 of

Stat,

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, thr.t

so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the f 2° r r r s'ai.

4 a 2 sworn

Anno secundo Georgii II.

708 C 32 — 34.

A.D. 1729.

to the King's sworn Servants of the King's or queen's Majesty shall be repealed; and if any such Person bath offended sworn Servants, contrary to such Part of the said at intended to be hereby repealed, he shall be freed from all Penalties and repealed. Incapacities incurred thereby.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to empower his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during the Life of Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to grant the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit; and to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other whatsoever.

EXP.

WHEREAS Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, is by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the thirtieth Day of September in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, appointed Warden or Keeper of the Fleet, and of the Custody of the Prison and Gaol of the Fleet, and of the Prisoners committed or to be committed to the said Prison and Gaol of the Fleet, and Keeper of his Majesty's old and new Palaces of Westminster, during the Term of his natural Life, unless he surrenders or forfeits, and the Reversion thereof to Dowgall Cuthbert, Esquire, for the Term of his Majesty's Life, upon the same Conditions; and whereas his Majesty has been pleased to order his Attorney General to prosecute at Law the said Thomas Bambridge for wilfully permitting several Debtors, as well to his Majesty as todiverse of his Subjects, to escape, and for being guilty of the moult notorious Breaches of his Trust and the highest Crimes and Misdeameanors in the Execution of his said Office, and having arbitrarily and unlaw

loaded with Irons, put into Dungeons and destroyed Prisoners for Debt put under his Charge, in Vio

lation and Contempt of the Laws of this Kingdom; as also to prosecute James Barnes, William Pindar, «John Everett and Thomas King, for being Agents and Accomplices with the said Thomas Bambridge in the«Commission of his said Crimes: And whereas there is great Danger of Escapes and of the Continuance of the Cruelties and Barbarities before mentioned, in case the said Thomas Bambridge, or any of his Agents, ' should continue to execute the said Offices, which may tend as well to the Prejudice of his Majesty, as his Subjects; for the preventing of which it is necessary to disable the said Thomas Bambridge to hold or execute the said Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto Be it therefore enacted, C "

"14 June 1729, T. B. disabled to hold the Wardenship of the Fleet: His Majesty to appoint another "Warden. T. B. to deliver to the judges of the Common Pleas a List of his Prisoners on Oath, and also "Securities; which are vested in the new Warden, to whom he is to transfer all Prisoners in his Custody "B. not delivering such List, C guilty of Felony New Warden not to sell or farm out any Office. C James Barnes, Sic. disabled from any Office in the Fleet. T. B. made incapable of exercising any Office. "This Act not to prevent any Prosecution against T. B. C

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties that may arise from an Act passed in the nrft Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as having been duly entered remain undetermined.

EXP.

Judgments and Determinations by the Delegates in Scotland may be amended and reversed, as by AS 6 Geo. 1. c. 24. Delegates to determine all Causes undetermined.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty.

WHEREAS his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster in the fifteenth Year of his Reign, did grant and confirm

unto Edward then Earl of Clarendon, George then Duke of Allermarle, William then Lord Graven, John then Lord Berkley, Anthony then Lord ashley, Sir George Carteret, Knight and Baronet, Sir William Berkley, and Sir John Colleton, Knight and Baronet, all since deceased, their Heirs and Assigns, all that Territory or Traci of Ground situate, lying and being within his said late majesty's Dominions in America, extending from the North End of thelfland called Lacker If and which lieth in the Southern Virginia Seas, and within six and thirty Degrees of the Northern Latitude, and to the West as far as the South Seas, and so Southerly as far as the River Saint Matthias, which bordereth upon the Coast of Florida, and within one and thirty Degrees of Northern Latitude, and so West in a diretft Line as far as the South Seas aforesaid, together with all and singular Ports, Harbours, Bays, Rivers, Kies and Islets belonging unto the Country aforesaid

also all the Soil, Lands, Fields, 'Woods, Mountains, Farms, Lakes, Rivers, Bays and Islets, situate, ' lying or being within the Bounds or Limits aforesaid, with the filling of all Sorts of Fish, Whales and Sturgeons, and all other Royal Fifties in the Sea, Bays, Islets and Rivers within the Preniifies, and the fish therein taken; and moreover all Veins, Mines, Quarries, as well discovered as not discovered, of Gold, Silver, Gems and precious Stones, and all other whatsoever, whether of Stones, Metals or any other Thing whatsoever sound or to be found within the Country, Isles and Limits aforesaid, and also the Patronage and Advowsons of all Churches and Chapels, which, as Christian Religion should increase within the Country,

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

C 34. 709

Isles, Islets and Limits aforesaid, should happen then after to be creeled, together with Licence and Lower to build and found Churches, Chapels and Oratories in convenient and sit Plrccs within the Laid Bounds and Limits, and to cause them to be dedicated and consecrated according to the Ecclesiastical Laws of the Kingdom o England, together with all and Angular the like and ns ample Rights, Jurisdictions, i'tivileges, Pre

Royalties, Liberties, Immunities and Franchises of what Kind soever within the Country, Isles,

Islets and Limits aforesaid, to have, use, exercise and enjoy, and in as ample Manner as any Bishop of Dvrham in the Kingdom of England ever thentofore had, held, used or enjoyed, or of Right ought or could have, use or enjoy; and his said late Majesty did thereby for himself, his ijeirs and Successors make, create and constitute the said Edward Earl of Clarendon, George Duke of Albermarle, William Lord Craven, John Lord Berkley, Anthony Lord Ashley, Sir George Carteret, Sir William Berkley, and Sir John Colleton, their Heirs and Assigns, the true and absolute Lords and Proprietors of the Country aforesaid, and of all other the Pre misses (laving as therein is mentioned) to have, hold, possess and enjoy the said Country, iflcs, islets anel all and flngular other the premisses, to them the said Edward Earl of Clarendon, George Duke of Albermarle,

william Lord Craven, John Lord Berkley, Anthony. Lord Ashley, Sir George Carteret, Sir h'iuiam Berkley, and Sir John Colleton, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to be held of his find late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Manor of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, in free and common Socage, and not

ill ca/iiir, or by Knights Service: And whereas his said late Majesty King chaki.es the Second, by other CCC nj Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, hearing Date the thirtieth Day of 'june in (he seventeenth

of his Reign, reciting the Letters Patent herein first recited, did grant unto the said Edward Earl of Clarendon, George Duke of Albermarle, William Lord Craven, then Earl of Craven, John Lord Berkley, An 4 theny Lord Ashley, Sir George Carteret, Sir John Colleton, and Sir William Berkley, their Heirs and A (Tigris, all that Province, Territory or Trail of Ground situate, lying and being within his said late majesty's Domi nions of America, extending North and Eastward as far as the North End of Carahtuke River or Gullet,

upon a straight Wellerly Line to Wyonake Creek, which lies within or about the Degrees of thirty-six and thirty Minutes Northern Latitude, and so West in a direct Line as far as the South Seas, and South and Westward as far as the Degrees of twenty-nine inclusive, Northern Latitude, and so West in a diretfl Line as far as the South seas, together with all and Angular Ports, Harbours, Bays, Rivers and Islets belonging unto the Province or Territory aforesaid; also all the Soil, Lands, Fields, Woods, berms, Lakes, Rivers, Bays and Islets situate or being within the Bounds or Limits last before mentioned, with the (idling of all Sorts of Fish, 'whales, Sturgeons and all other Royal Fifties in the Sea, Bays, Islets and Rivers within the premisses, and the Fish therein taken, together with the Royalty of the Sea upon the Coasts within the Limits aforesaid, and all Veins, Mines and Quarries, as well discovered as not discovered, of Gold, Silver,

Gems and precious Stones, and all other whatsoever, be it of Stones, Metals or any other Things found or to be found within the Province, Territory, Islets and Limits aforesaid; and furthermore the Patronages and Advowsons of all Churches and Chapels, which, as Christian Religion should increase within the Pro ' vince. Territory, Isles and Limits aforesaid, should happen then after to be erected, together with Licence and Power to build and found Churches, Chapels and Oratories in convenient and fit Places within the said Bounds and Limits, and to cause them to be dedicated and consecrated according to the Ecclesiastical Laws of the Kingdom of England, together with all and Angular the like and as ample Rights, Jurisdictions, Privileges, Prerogatives, Royalties, Liberties, Immunities and Franchises of what Kind soever within the Terri tories, Isles, Islets and Limits aforesaid, to have, hold, use, exercise and enjoy the same as amply and fully and in as ample Manner as any Bishop of Durham in the Kingdom of England thentofore had, held, used or

enjoyed, or of Right ought or could have, use or enjoy; and his said late Majesty did thereby for himself, his Heirs and Successors, make, create, constitute and appoint them, the said Edward Earl of Clarendon, George

Duke of Albermarle, William Earl of Craven, John Lord Berkley, Anthony Lord Ashley, Sir George Carteret, Sir John Colleton, and Sir William Berkley, their Heirs and Assigns, the true and absolute Lords and Proprietors of the said Province or Territory, and of all other the premisses (saving as therein is mentioned) to have,

hold, possess and enjoy the said Province, Territory, Islets and all and Angular other the premisses, to them the said Edward Earl of Clarendon, George Duke of Albermarle, William Earl of Craven, John Lord Berkley,

Anthony Lord Ashley, Sir George Carteret, Sir John Colleton, and Sir William Berkley, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to be held of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Manor of East Greenwich aforesaid, in free and common Socage, and not incapitc, or by Knights Service, as in and by the said several recited Letters Patents, Relation being thereunto had, may appear: And whereas the Part, Share, In 4 terefl and Estate of the said Edward late Earl of Clarendon, of and in the Provinces, Territories, Islets, Hereditaments and premisses in and by the said several recited Letters Patents granted and comprised, is now 7. ref nt p, come unto and vested in the Honourable Bertie, of the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist in the LI prietoi s. "

berty of Westminster in the County of Miailefex, Esquire, in his own Right; and the Part, Share, Interest and Estate of the said George late Duke of Albermarle, of and in the same premisses, is come unto and vest ed in the most Noble Henry now Duke of Beaufort, and in the said James Bertie, and the Honourable Dodington Greville of Bulford in the County of Wilts, Esquire, the two Amoving Devisees named in the Will of the most Noble Henry late Duke of Beaufort deceased, in Trull for the present Duke of Beaufort, and for the Right Honourable Charles Noell Somerset, his Brother, an Infant; and the Part, Share, interest and Estate of the said William late Earl of Craven, of and in the same premisses, is come unto and veiled 4 111 the Right Honourable William now Lord Craven; and the Part, Share, Interest and Estate of the said John late Lord Berkley, of and in the same premisses, is now come umo and veiled in Joseph Blake of the Province of South Carolina in America, Esquire; the Part, Share, Interest and Estate of the said Anthony late Lord Ashley, of and in the same premisses, is now come unto and veiled in Archibald Hut chef on of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire (in Trust for John Cotter, of the Jldiddle London,

Esquire) and the Part, Share, Interest and Estate of the said late Sir John Colleton, of and in the said Pre milles, is new come unto and vested in Sir John Colleton of Exmouth in the County of Devon, Baronet;

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

Orants made by the Proprietors.

Proposal of Surrender to the King.

Exception.

Conditions of Surrender.

6

C

and the Pait, Share, Interest and Estate of the said late Sir William Berkley, of and in the same Premises, i3 4 now come unto and vested in the Honourable Henry Bertie of Dorian in the County of Bucks, Esquire, or in Mary Dnnfn of the Parish of Saint Andrews Holborn in the County of Middlesex, Widow, or in Elizabeth Moore of London, Widow, same or one of them; and tile said Henry now Duke of Beaufort, and the said fames Bertie and Dodington Grevil'c, as Trustees in Manner aforesaid, some or one of them, is or are feifet! ' in Fee of and in one full undivided eighth Part (the whole into eight equal P. i ts to be divided] of the premifi es in and by the said recited Letters Patents granted and comprised; and the same James Bertie, in his own Right, is now seized in Fee, or of some other Estate of Inheritance, of and in one other full undivided eighth Part; and each of them the said William Lord Craven, Joseph Blake, Archibald Hutchefm, as Trustees for the said John Cotton, Sir John Colleton, and the said Henry Bertie, Mary Danfort, and Elisabeth Moore, ibine or one of them, is or are respectively seized in Fee, or of some other Estate of Inheritance, of and in one other full undivided eighth Part of and in the said Provinces, Territories, Islands, Hereditaments and Premiffesj the remaining eighth Part or Share, of and in the said Provinces, Territories and Pre misses, which formerly belonged to the said Sir George Carteret, being now vested in the Right Honourable John Lord Carteret, Baron of Hasvnes, his Majesty's Lieutenant General and General Governor of the Kingdom of Ireland: And whereas by a Judgement or Order of the House of Lords, made the twenty seventh Day of March last past, upon the Appeal of tile said Mary Danfon, Widow of John Danfon, Esquire, de ceased, from a Decree of the High Court of Chancery made the seventh Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, and from a subsequent Order of the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, it was ordered and adjudged, That the said Decree and subsequent Order, complained of in the said Appeal, should he reversed; it being offered on the Part of the Appellant to pay the Respondent, the said Henry Bertie, the Money that he paid for the Purchase of the Proprietor snip in question in the said Cause, together with Interest for the same, it was thereby further ordered, That the Court of Chancery should direct: and cause an Inquiry to be made, what was the Principal Sum of such Purchase Money, and from the Time of Payment thereof to compute interest for the same; and on the appellant's Payment of what should be found due for such Principal Money and Interest to the said Henry Bertie, it was further ordered and adjudged, That he should convey the said Proprietorship to her and her Heirs, and also that the Respondent, Elisabeth Moore, should likewise by proper Conveyances, at the Charges of the Appellant, convey all her Right to the said Proprietorship to the Appellant and her Heirs

And whereas since the making the said several recited Letters Patents the Lords Proprietors of the Provinces and Territories aforesaid, for the Time being, have made diverse Grants and Conveyances under their Common Seal of several Offices, and also of diverse Parcels of Land situate within the said Provinces and Terri tories, to fevfral Persons, under certain quit rents or other Rents thereby respectively reserved, and subject to several Conditions, Limitations or Agreements for avoiding or determining the Estates of the Grantees therein mentioned, some of which may have become forfeited; and have also made diverse Grants of several Baronies and large Trails of Land lying within the said Provinces or Territories, unto and for the Use and Benefit of several of the said Lords Proprietors, or those under whom they claim, to be held and en joyed by them and their picirs in Severalty; eight of which Baronies so granted as aforesaid do now remain vested in the said Harry now Duke of Beaufort, or in the said James Bertie and Dodington Grevi le, as True flees for the Purposes aforesaid, or in some or one of them, eight other of the said baror.ies in the said William Lord Craven, six other Baronies in the present Sir John Colleton, six other Baronies in the said Archibald Hutcheson (as Trustee for the said John Cotton) and six other Baronies in the said Joseph Blake, each of the said Baronies containing, or being mentioned or intended to contain, twelve thousand Acres of Land,

or thereabouts, except one of the said Baronies, now vested in the said William Lord Craven, which contains, or is mentioned to contain, eleven thousand Acres of Land, or thereabouts: And whereas the said Henry now Duke of Beaufort, ivuiiam Lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Sir John Colleton, and Archibald Hutcheson (who is a Trustee for the said John Cotton as aforesaid] being six of the present Lords Proprietors of the Provinces and Territories aforesaid, have by their humble Petition to his Majesty in Council offered and proposed to surrender to his Majesty their said respective Shares and Interests, not only of and in the said Government, Royalties and/franchises in and by the said recited Letters Patents granted, but also all the Right and Property they have in and to the Soil in the aforesaid Provinces or Territories under the said several recited Letters Patents, or either of them; and also did further propose to make an irttire Surrender to his Majesty of their Right to all the Lands, which they hold under the said Grants made by the said Lords Proprietors as aforesaid (except only one Barony belonging to the present Sir John Colleton, which hath been settled and improved by his Son] and also all their Right and Interest in all Lands granted and conveyed to other Persons as aforesaid, which, by not being improved within the Time limited in the said Grants or Conveyances, or for any other Reason, would revert to them, praying,

That in Consideration of such Surrender his Majesty would be pleased to direct and cause to be paid to each of them the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Sir John Colle tonne, and Archibald Hutchefm, the Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds apiece, without any Dcduction: And whereas Samuel Wragg of London, Merchant, being duly authorised by Letter of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the said Joseph Blake, bearing Date the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven huh dred and twenty-eight, hath proposed, for and on the Behalf of the said joseph Blake, to surrender and convey unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all the Estate, Right and Interest of the said Joseph Blake in and to the Premifies, upon Payment of the like Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds to the said Joseph Blake, without any Deduction: And whereas they the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Sir John Colleton, and Archibald Hutchefm, who is a Trustee for the said John Cotton as aforesaid, have laid before a Committee of the Lords of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council an Estimate of all Arrears of Quit Rents and other Rents, and Sum or Sums of Money now due and owing to them and the said Joseph Blake, and to the said John Lord Carteret, which Estimate, ns

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 34. 711

computed, amounts to the Sum of nine thousand five hundred Pounds; and they the said J icnry Du!: e of Beaufort, William Lord Graven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Snjohn Colleton, and Archibald Hutchrfon, have likewise humbly proposed, That, if his Majesty would please to allow the Sum of five thousand Pounds for the said Arrears (over and above the said several Sums of two thousand five hundred Pounds, to be paid them respectively) they were willing to assign and make over to his Majesty their Right and Title to the said Arrears and all other Demands whatsoever, which they have or can have upon the farmers. Tenants or In ' habitants of the Provinces or Territories aforesaid, or any of them: And whereas the said Samuel Il'ratrg,

for and on the Behalf of the said Joseph Blake, hath proposed to assign to his Majesty all the Right and Interest of the said Joseph Blake in and to the said Arrears and Demands upon the Terms aforesaid: whereas his Majesty taking into his Royal Consideration the great Importance of the said Provinces and Territories to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and being Jcfirous to promote the same, as well as the Welfare and Security of the said Provinces and Teriitories, by taking them under the more immediate Government of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, hath been graci vjfiy pleased to accept of the said several Proposals, and to agree to the same, with such Variations as are herein after mentioned: And whereas from the Nature of the respective Dilates and Interests proposed and agreed to be surrendered to his Majesty as aforesaid, great Difficulties may arise in the Manner of conveying the same; and it is just and necessary, that the Parts and Shares of the said Provinces and Territories so proposed and agreed to be surrendered, should be secured to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which cannot effectually be attained without the Authority of parliament * be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all those seven undivided eighth Parts (the Whole into eight equal Parts or Shares to be divided) and all other the Part or Share, Parts or Shares, Interest and Estates of them the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, and Elisabeth Moor, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hutchrfon, as Trustee for the said John Cotton, and Joseph Blake, and each of them, of and in the aforesaid Provinces or Terriroi ies callej Carolina, and all and singular the Royalties, Franchises, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises in and by the said several recited Letters Patents, or either of them, granted or mentioned or intended to be granted by his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, to the said Edward Ear] of Clarendon, George Duke of Albermarle, William Earl of Craven, John Lord Berkley, Anthony Lord ashley, Sir George Carteret,

Sir John Colleton, deceased, and Sir William Berkley, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, and also all such Powers, Liberties, Authorities, jurisdictions, pre eminences, Licences and Privileges, as they the said Henry duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, and Elisabeth Moor, the present Sir John Colleton, the said Archibald Hutcheson, as Trustee for the said John Cotton, and Joseph Blake, every or any of them can or may have, hold, use, exercise or enjoy, by Virtue of or under the said recited Letters Patent, or either of them, and also all and singular Baronies, Tracis and Parcels of Land, Tenements and Hereditaments, which they the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, and Elisabeth Aioor, the present Sir John Colleton, the said Archibald Hutcheson, as Trustee for the said John Cotton, and Joseph Blake, any or either of them, are or is seized or possessed of or entitled unto within the said Provinces or Territories, except all such Tracts of Land, Te Exception; -, nements and Hereditaments, as have been at any Time before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven granted or conveyed by, or comprised in, any Grants, Deeds, Instruments or Conveyances under the common Seal of the said Lords Proprietors, either in England or in the Provinces aforesaid; and also except all such Plantations and Lands as are now in the possession of the said Joseph Blake, his Undertenants or Assigns, by Virtue of Grants formerly made by the said Lords Proprietors of the said Provinces for the Time being to other Persons, and since conveyed to or vested in the said Joseph Blake; and also except all that Barony and Tract of Land containing twelve thousand Acres, or thereabouts, the Possession whereof hath some Time since been delivered by the present Sir John Colleton unto Peter Colleton,

Esquire, his second Son, and all that other Barony or Tract of Land containing twelve thousand Acres, or thereabouts, sometime since conveyed by Sir John Tyrrel, Baronet (formerly Owner of the said eighth Part or Share now belonging to the said Archibald Hutcheson, as Trustee for the said John Cotton) to William Wight, Esquire, and his Heirs; Provided that the before mentioned Exceptions, or any of them, shall not include or extend to any Lands comprised in any Grant or Grants made either in England or Carolina, under the common Seal of the Lords Proprietors for the Time being, which since the making of such Grant or Grants have become forfeited by Virtue of any Clauses contained therein, or to any of the Baronies herein before recited or mentioned to be still remaining and vested in the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, and the said James Bertie and Dodington Greville, as Trustees, some or one of them, and in the said William Lord Craven, the present Sir John Colleton, and the said Archibald Hutcheson, as Trustee for the said John Cotton re fpchively, nor to any Rents, Services, Seigniories or Rights of Escheat, reserved upon or incident to any such Grant or Grants, or any Lands or Estates thereby granted, all such forfeited Lands, and all such Rents,

Seigniories or Rights of Escheat, reserved upon, or incident to, any such Grant or Grants, or any Lands and Estates thereby granted, and also the Baronies last before mentioned, being hereby intended to be vested in the Persons, and for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and p.emainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues and Profits, of the same Parts or Shares, Baronies, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, so as aforesaid proposed and agreed to be surrendered to his Majesty, and of every Part and Parcel thereof; and also all the Estate, Title, Interest, Trust, Property, Right of actior.,

Right of Entry, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of them the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon and Elisabeth Moor, the present Sir John Colleton, the said Archibald Hutcheson, John Cotton and Joseph Blake, and each of them, of, in, unto or out of the same, every or any Part or Parcel thereof, by virtue of the said several recited Letters Patent or either

712

Proprietors in tru.t fm his Majesty.

34-

Anno secundo Georgii

A.D. 1720.

The Sum to be advnced by his Majesty.

The Money how to be disposed.

The Property vested in his Majesty after Payment

Arrears of Quit Rents, on Payment of 5000 I. to be afilgrted to the King.

of them, or of any Grant, Assignment, Conveyance or aturance, made under or by Force of the same recited Letters Patents, or either of them, or otherwise howsoever, mail, from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, be veiled and settled, and the same are hereby veiled and Settled in and upon Edward Bertie of Greys Inn in the County of Middlesex, Samuel Horsey of the Parish of Saint Martin s in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, Henry Smith of Caver jl ara in the County of Oxon, and Alexius Clayton of the Middle Temple, London, Esquires, to the only Use of them the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, their Heirs and Assigns, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted and indemnified of and from all Estates, Uses, Trulls, Intails, Reversions, Remainders, Limitations, Charges and Encumbrances, Titles, Claims and Demands whatsoever; but nevertheless upon Trull, and to the Intent that they the said Edward Bertie, sa mucl Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, and the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, upon Payment by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to the said Edward Bertie, Samuelilorfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, or to the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or administrators of such Survivor, of the Sum of seventeen thousand five hundred Pounds, free and clear of all Deductions, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, shall and do, by Deed indented, and to beinrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, surrender, convey and allure unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, all and Angular the said seven eighth Parts or Shares (the whole into eight equal Parts to be divided) and all other the Parts or Shares, interests and Estates, of and in the aforesaid Provinces or Territories, and all and Angular the premiltes hereby vested in them the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, and their Heirs as aforesaid; which said Sum of seventeen thousand five hundred Pounds they the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or administrators of such Survivor, hall immediately after the Receipt thereof pay, apply and dispose of in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Sum of two thousand Ave hundred Pounds, Part thereof, to the said fames Bertie and Dodington Greville, Trustees as aforesaid, or to the Survivor of them, or to the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor; two thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part thereof, to the said ivdliam Lord Craven, his Executors or Administrators; thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part thereof, to the said fames Bertie, in his own Right, his Executors or Administrators; two thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part thereof, unto such Person or Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions, as the same, according to the Tenor, Purport and true Meaning of the said Order or Judgement of the House of Lords, ought to be paid and applied; two thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part thereof, to the said Sir fohn Colleton, his Executors or Administrators; thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part thereof, to the said fohn Cotton, his Executors or Administrators; and two thousand five hundred Pounds, Residue thereof, to the said Samuel Wragg, for the Use of the said fofeph Blake, or to the said fofeph Blake, his Executors or Administrators.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Payment of the said Sum of seventeen thousand five hundred Pounds to the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, and after the Execution of the said Surrender and Conveyance to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, hereby directed to be made as aforesaid, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have, hold and enjoy all and singular the said seven eighth Parts or Shares (the whole into eight equal Parts to be divided) and all other the Parts or Shares, Interests and Estates, of and in the aforesaid Provinces or Territories, and all and singular the premiltes hereby vested in them the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, and their Heirs as aforesaid, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted and indemnified of, from and again! all Efcates, Uses, Trulls, Intails, Reversions, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Encumbrances, Titles, Claims, and Demands whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That seven eight Parts (the whole into eight equal Parts to be divided) of ail and every the said Arrears of Quit Rents, and other Rents, Sum and Sums of Money, Debts, Duties, Accounts, Reckonings, Claims and Demands whatsoever, now due and owing to them the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, or to the said fames Bertie and Dodington Greville, Trustees as aforesaid, and to the said 'john Lord Carteret, William Lord Craven, James Bertie in his own Right, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon and eltjabeih Moor, Sir fohn Colleton, Archibald Hutcheson, John Cotton and fofeph Blake, or any of them (whether the same be more or less than is computed as aforesaid) and all and every other Parts or Shares of the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, James Bertie and Dodington Greville, Trustees as aforesaid, William Lord Craven, fames Bertie in his own Right, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon and Elisabeth Moor, Sir fohn Colleton, Archibald Hutcheson, John Cotton and fofeph Blake, or any of them, of or in the said Arrears, or which they or any of them, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, now have, or can or may have, claim, challenge or demand of or from the Farmers, Tenants or Inhabitants of the Provinces or Territories aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or any of them, shall, from and after the said first: Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, be vested in the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Eleniy Smith and Alexius Clayton, the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, upon Trull, and to the Intent that the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall, on Payment by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Sum of five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Deductions, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the said Year, to the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors 01 Administrators of fui h Survivor, by Deed indented, and to be enrolled in his Majesty's Pligh Court of Chancery, grant and assign to his Majesty, his Heirs and succetors, all and every the said seven eighth Parts or Shares (the

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 34i 713

whole into eight equal Parts to be divided) and all other Parts and Shares of the said Arrears hereby vested in them the hud Edward Berth, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and /llcxitts (jla)ton.

IV. And whereas the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Cravat, fames Bertie, Henry Bertie,

Mary Devis on, Dodington Greville, Sir John Colleton, John Cotton and Joseph Blake, are demons tint tin Cud ' Sum of five thousand Pounds Should be applied in Manner herein after mentioned lie it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, alt r Receipt thereof, 111 ail be i filled and paid by the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the Survivors and Sur The 50-.!. vivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, to I'uch of the Officers, Agents or Ser iiw.juv vants of the said Lords Proprietors, or to such other Person or l'crfons, and for such Purposes, as the said Pl, ej<

Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfort, Si 1 John Colleton, John Cotton and "Joseph Blake, their Executors or Administrators, or any fouror more of them (the Executors or Administrators of each of them to be accounted only as one) shall, by Writing or Writings under their Hands, from Time to Time, diretst or appoint.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Payment of the said Sum After parn, (n of five thousand Pounds unto the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Ilorfcy, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the me Arrcrr,

Stirvivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, and after the Execu V in his tion of the Grant and Alignment of the said Parts and Shares of the said Arrears, hereby directed to be r, i J

made as aforesaid, his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, shall and may have, receive and enjoy, the said seven eighth Parts or Shares (the whole into eight equal Parts to be divided) and all and every other Parts and Shares of the said Arrears of Quit Rents and other Rents, Sum and Sums of Money, Debts, Duties,

Accounts, Reckonings, Claims and Demands, hereby vested in the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey,

Henry Smith mi Alexius Clayton, and shall and may have, use and pursue such and the like Remedies for Recovery thereof, as fully and effectually as the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven,

James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Mary Darfoti, Dadington Greville, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hutchcfm,

John Cotton and Joseph Blake, any or either of them might have had, uled or pursued if this al had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipt or Receipts of the said Edward The Receipts of

Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexins Clayton, the Survivors or Survivor of them, or of the Exe the Proprietor; cutors or Administrators of such Survjvor, under their or his Hand or Hands respectively, shall be a suffi Tlu!^ a

cient Discharge to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of and for the said several Sums of seventeen o hl^vla eftt1

thousand five hundred Pounds, and five thousand Pounds, or so much thereof, or of either of them, as such to is V je Receipt or Receipts shall be given for; and that his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, upon and after such

Receipt or Receipts given as aforesaid, shall beabsolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Moneys,

and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Nonapplication or Misapplication of the said Money, or any Part thereof.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Re ni of theduke ceipt or Receipts of the said James Bertie or Dodington Greville, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or of beaufort's Administrators, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Ed Trustees, ward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Elenry Smith and Alexius Clayton, their Executors or Administrators, for the said

Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds, payable to them for the said eighth Part or Share of the said Provinces, Territories, Royalties, Lands and Hereditaments, which was vested in them by the said Henry late Duke of Beaufort; and the said Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds shall be and remain subject to the Trusts reposed in them by the Will of the same late Duke or otherwise, concerning the same eighth Part or Share; but the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Elenry Smith and Alexius Clayton, their Pleirs,

executors or Administrators, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss or Misapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof,

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, One trurce rt Elenry Smith and Alexius Clayton, shall not, nor ball any of them, or the Executors or Administrators of any accountable for of them, be answerable or accountable for any Money to be received by virtue of or under the Trusts hereby 2notl5': !'s e reposed in them, any otherwise than each Person, his Executors or Administrators, for such Sum or Sums a'1?ts'

of Money, as he or they Thai 11 respectively actually receive, and none of them shall be answerable or accountable for the aisls, Receipts, Neglects or Defaults, of the other of them; and also that they the said Edward Bertie, samuelelorfey, Elenry Smith and Alexius Clayton, their Executors or Administrators, shall and may out of the Money hereby directed to be paid to them as aforesaid, retain and reimburse themselves for all Costs, Charges, Damages and Expenses, that they respectively shall fullain or be put unto, in and about the Execution of the Ttufts hereby in them reposed.

IX. And whereas there is due and owing to the King's most Excellent Majesty, for Arrears of rent re 1 served by the said several recited Letters Patent, or one of them, several Sums of Money, computed to e amount to three hundred Pounds and upwards Now it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, i'fiuiam Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington potmcr Proptic greville, Elenry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Elfabeth Moor, the prefect Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef n, tors, on Pay. John Cotton and Joseph Blake, and every of them, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and a.dmini ment of the strators respectively, from and immediately after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven Sum jed oru hundred and twenty-nine (in case the said Sums of seventeen thousand five hundred Pounds, and five thou aj?'ttted ro: n sand Pounds, shall then be paid and satisfied, and the Sale hereby intended shall be then completed) shall be, a and are hereby fully and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from all Arrears of Rent whatsoever due or owing upon or by virtue of the said recited Letters Patent or either of them.

X Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if Tima limited for his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, do not or hall not, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of Sep the Surrender. tembe* one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, both the said

Anno secundo Georgii II.

7h

Sating Clause.

Persons having Kiglit suing within seven Years may re cover against his Majesty,

Exception as to Lord Carteret,

and others holding Officer

C

35'

A.D. 1729.

several Sums of seventeen thousand five hundred Pounds, and five thousand Pounds, in Manner aforesaid, and according to the true Meaning of this Act, that then they the said Edward Bertie, Samuel Horsey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors or adini nistrators of such Survivor, shall not make such Surrender, Alignment or Conveyance of the said seven eighth Parts or Shares of the said Provinces or Territories, and of the said Arrears or either of them, to his Majesty, his Pleirs or Successors, as hereby is directed; but shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, stand, and be seized and pofi effect of all and singular the Premises hereby in them veiled, to the only proper Use and Behoof of them the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfort, Elfabeth Moor, the present Sir John Colleton, John Cotton and Joseph Blake, and every of them, and of their and every of their Pleirs, Executors, Administrators and assigns, in such Shares and Proportions, and according to such respective Rights and Intercfrs as they severally had or could have been entitled to, in and unto the same Premises, in case this Act had never been made, and to and for no other Use, Trull, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XI. Saving and reserving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, (other than and except the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Dnnfon, Elifabeih Moor, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hutcheson, John Cotton and Joseph Blake, their respective Heirs, Executors and ad ministrators, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Ellate or Interest in the Premises or any Part thereof, in Remainder or Reversion, expectant upon, or after the Determination of any estate tail vested in them the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, William Lord Craven, Janies Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Elfabeth Moor, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hutcheson, John Cotton and Joseph Blake, or any of them, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Ellate or Interest in the Premises or any Part thereof, by or under the Title of the said Henry late Duke of Beaufort, deceased) such Satisfaction and Recompense as is herein after mentioned, for all such Ellate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever in, to or out of the Premises or any Part thereof, as they or any of them now have or might have had or been entitled unto, in case this Act had never been made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons (other than, and except the Persons herein before excepted) who now have or shall have any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim or Demand, either in Law or Equity, of, in, to or out of the Premises hereby veiled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall, within the Space of seven Years after the same shall be conveyed unto, and veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, commence and prosecute any Action or Suit, either in Law or Equity, by Petition of Right, English Bill or otherwise, against his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the proper Officer or Officers on his or their behalf, wherein such Persons might or ought to have recovered the Premises hereby veiled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or any Ellate, Interest: or Demand, in or out of the same, the Court wherein such Suit or Action shall be commenced or depending shall and may adjudge or decree, that such Person or Persons shall recover against his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, such Sum or Sums of Money, as his or their Ellate, Interest or Demand, in or out of the Premises hereby veiled as aforesaid, shall by the same Court be valued at and determined to amount unto, in full Satisfaction for such Ellate, Interest and Demand; in making which Valuation the said Court shall estimate one full eighth Part of the Premises hereby veiled as aforesaid, to be of the Value of two thousand five hundred Pounds and no more, and shall rate and ascertain the Value of such Ellate, interest or Demand, in Proportion thereunto.

XIII. Saving and reserving always to the said John Lord Carteret, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, in, unto or out of one eighth Part or Share of the said Provinces or Territories, with all and singular the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereof, and of, in and to one eighth Part or Share of all Arrears of Quit Rents, and other Rents, Sum and Sums of Money, Debts, Duties, Accounts, Reckonings, Claims and Demands, whatsoever, now due and owing to the present Lords Proprietors of the said Provinces and Territories, and all such other Rights, Titles, Privileges and Powers whatsoever, as the said John Lord Carteret, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators now have, or might have had, or been entitled unto, in case this Act, and the Conveyance herein before directed to be made to his Majesty, his Pleirs or Successors, or either of them, had not been, or Should not be made.

XIV. Saving also to all and every Person and Persons, having or lawfully claiming any Office or Offices, Place or Places, Employment or Employments, by or under any Grant or Grants thereof made before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, under the common Seal of the said Lords Proprietors, either in England or in the Provinces aforesaid, all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest in or to such Office and Offices, Place and Places, Employment and Employments, as they or any of them now have or might have had or been entitled unto, in case this Act had never been made.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Mads, Yards and Bowsprights, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

sceo. i. C it.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, within any of his majesty's Colonies of Nova

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 35. 7(5

Scotia, New Hampshire, the Massachusets Ray, the Province of Main, Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfct Country, or King's Province, and Connecticut, in ai: w England, and Afoo Dr, and New

1 Jerh n America, or within any of them, do or shall presume to cut, sell or destroy any white Pine Ttees,

not growing within any Township, or the Bounds, Lines or Limits thereof, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, without his Majesty's Royal Licence for so doing first had and obtained: And whereas since the passing of the said al, great Traits of Land, where Trees fit for Mailing grow, have been, in older to evade the Provisions of the said Ail, creiled into Townships Now for the better Preservation of white Pine 'l'rees in his Majesty's said Colonies, for Mailing his Royal Navy, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act tmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty After zg ft. ninth Day of September next, no Person or Persons within the said Colonies of Nova Scotia, New Hampshire, no Person the Province of Main, the Massachusets Bay, Rhode Ijlvid, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfct '« hie punta country, or King's Province, and Connecticut, in New England, and New York, and Ncvj Jersey in America, T?' lpc"t lnt or within any of them, or in any other Province or Country in America, that now belongs or hereafter shall lnc

belong to the Crown of Great Britain, do or shall presume to cut, sell or destroy any white Pine Trees, except only such as are the Property of private Persons, notwithstanding the said 'frees do grow within the except thofcm' Limits of any Township laid out, or to be laid out hereafter, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, privatepivpcry, without his Majesty's Royal Licence for so doing first had and obtained.

II. And whereas their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for tile better providing and furnishing Malls for the Royal Navy, in and by their Charter, dated at Westminster the seventh Day of October in the third Year of their Reign, granted to the Province of the Massachusets Bay in New England

in America, did reserve to themselves, their Heirs and successors, all Trees of the Diameter of twenty-four Inches and upwards, at twelve Inches from the Ground, growing upon any Soil or Tract of Land within e the said Province or Territory, not thentoforc granted to any private Person:: 'order therefore to make the said Reservation more effeistua], be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person No v.hitc Pine or Persons whatsoever within the said Province of the Massachusets Bay, or New England, do or shall presume Tree: of the di to cut or destroy any white Pine Trees of the Diameter of twenty-four Inches or upwards, at twelve Inches ame, (; r ° f+ from the Ground, not growing within some Soil or Trail of Land, within the said Province, granted to i^hes' fromrtie some private Person or Persons before the seventh Day of October which was in the Year one thousand six Ground to be hundred and ninety, without his Majesty's Licence first had and obtained; and every Person so cutting, fel cut without LI ling or destroying such white Pine Trees, not being, the Property of private Persons, in any of the Colonies abovementioned, and likewise every Person cutting or destroying any white Pine Trees of the Diameter of twenty-four Inches or upwards, at twelve Inches from the Ground, growing in any tral of Land in the Province of New England or Massachusets Bay, not granted to some private Person or Persons before the seventh Day of October one thousand six hundred and ninety, or who shall be aiding or aftilling the rein, or in drawing away the said Pine Trees, after the same shall have been so cut and felled, shall he subject to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties respectively, as are provided in the aforesaid Act of the eighth Year of on Penalty of his late majesty's Reign, for and against such Persons as fell, cut or destroy any Pine Trees, not being or the Forfeiture In growing in any Township within any of the said Plantations; the said Forfeitures to be recovered and ap the A, a s gco plied in the same Manner, as in the said Act is particularly set forth and enacted.

III. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament passed in the third and fourth and in the twelfth Years of 3 & 4 Ann.

her late majesty's Reign, great Encouragement was given, and large Premiums allowed, for the Imports C 10.

tio'n of naval Stores from the British Plantations in America; and it hath been found by Experience, that the >2 Ann. Sut.

fail Plantations are capable of furnishing sufficient Quantities of naval Stores, but many Frauds and Abuses 9*

have been committed therein, and greater Premiums paid, than were necessary for the same: And whereas the said Acts, excepting only such Parts of them as relate to the Premiums on Hemp imported, are expired; '

Now for the future Encouragement of the Planters to send such Quantities of good merchantable naval

Stores to Great Britain, as may be necessary for the Service of the Royal Navy, and for the Navigation of this Kingdom, and in order to reduce the Expense of such Premiums for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next, all and every Per Premium forim

son or Persons that shall! import or cause to be imported into this Kingdom, directly from any of his Ma pnttlns naval

Majesty's British Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade to his Ma Stores V1Z

Majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law is required, any of the naval Stores hereafter mentioned, shall haveband enjoy, as a Reward or Premium for such Importation, after and according to the several Rates of such

naval Stores, as follows, viz.

For all Malls, Yards and Bowsprights, per Tun, allowing forty Foot to each Tun, girt Measure, accord For Mjfis, C in r to the customary Way of measuring round Bodies, one Pound.

For clean, good, merchantable, well conditioned Tar, dear of Dross or Water, and sit in every respect Tar, for making Cordage, per tun, containing eight Barrels, and each Barrel to gauge thirty-one Gallons and one Half, to be well hooped, and filled up, two Pounds four Shillings.

For clean, good, merchantable and well conditioned Pitch, not mixed with Dirt or Dross, per Tun, con Pitch, taining twenty gross hundreds, net Pitch, to be brought in eight Barrels of equal Size, one Pound.

For clean, good and merchantable Turpentine, clear of Dross and Water, per Tun, each Tun con turpentine, taining twenty gross hundreds, net Turpentine, to be brought in eight Bairds of equal Size, one Pound ten Shillings.

Which said several Premiums for each Species aforementioned, shall be paid and answered by the Com To be paid by missioner or principal Officers of his Majesty's Navy, who are hereby impowered and required to make out the commis a Bill or Bills, to be paid in course, for the same, upon Certificate of the respective chief Officer or Officers Goners of the of the Customs, in any Port of this Kingdom, 'where such naval Stores shall be imported as aforesaid; waw

Bill or Bills to bemads out and given to the Person or Persons importing the same as aforesaid, within twenty

7i6

on Certificate of the Governor of she Place,

and on Oath of the Mailer of the Ship,

The whole Kiln of Tar, unless the lall half Part be made into Pitch, forfeited.

The commis ft oners of the Navy to have the pre emption

O i Exportation, the Exporter to produce a Receipt that he hath repaid the Premiums.

Treasurer of the Navy to charge him!elf with the Money received.

Naval Stores exported before Premium is repaid, are forfeited, and double their Value,

Onus probandi to lie on the Owner.

5 Geo. i, C II

to be continued faring this Act.

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1729.

Days after the Discharge or Unlading of the Ship or Veiled, Ships or Vessels, in which such Stores shall he imported, upon a Certificate or Certificates to be produced to the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, which Certificate or Certificates shall be under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and naval Officer, or any two of them, residing and being within any of his Majesty's slid Colonies or Plantations, that before the Departure of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader or Factor, loading the same, had made Oath before them, that the said naval Stores so hipped on Board were truly and bona fide of the Growth and Produce of his Majesty's said Colonies and Plantations (which Oath the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and naval Officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer) as likewise upon Oath to be made within any Port of Great Britain, by the Master or Masters of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or vessels, importing such naval Stores, that the same were hipped on Board such Ship or Vessel, Ships or vessels, within some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, and that he or they know or believe, that the said naval Stores were the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations.

IV. And whereas it is necessary for the better making cool and good Tar, fit for Cordage, in all the British Plantations, that the last half Part of every Kiln of Tar, when drawn, ball be made into Pitch free of Dross, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Kiln of such Tar or the Value thereof, unless the said half Part shall be so made into Pitch as aforesaid, hall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, be forfeited for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, who shall sue for the same, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed by this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And to the end a particular Benefit may accrue hereby to his Majesty's Royal Navy, and for the better Supply of the same with naval Stores, be it further enacted, That upon the importing of any naval Stores from his Majesty's said Colonies and Plantations, for which a Reward or Premium is hereby granted, the preemption or Refusal of such naval Stores shall be offered and tendred to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, upon landing the same; and if, within the Term of twenty Days after such Tender, the said Commissioners shall not contract or bargain for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners, of the said naval Stores, otherwise to dispose of the same, for his or their best Profit and Advantage.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Afiafts, Yards or Bowsprights, shall, after the twenty-ninth Day of septe?nber which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, be exported, that then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so exporting the same shall, before the Entry thereof, produce to the Collector of the Customs, at the Port of Exportation, or to the chief Officer of the Customs there, a Receipt from the treasurer of the Navy, or his Cashier, which he is hereby directed to give without Fee or Reward, signifying that such Exporter or his Agent has paid to him the full Amount of the Premiums that are allowed by this act, for the like Quantity of such naval Stores respectively, either in lawful Money of Great Britain, or by Bill or Bills made out for Premiums, by virtue of this act; which Receipt shall likewise be subscribed by the Comptroller of such treasurer's Accounts, or his chief Clerk, without Fee or Reward, so that proper Notice may be taken thereof in his Office; and on Failure thereof such naval Stores shall not be exported; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy shall, on the receiving of such Premium or the Value thereof, from the Exporter of such naval Stores as aforesaid, charge himself with the Money so received, or with the said Premium, Bill or Bills; and the Commissioners, and principal Officers of his Majesty's Navy, are to take particular Care that the same be duly brought to the Account of his Majesty by such Treasurer accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, their Agents or Assigns, shall he found fraudulently to export such naval Stores, without paying such Premium to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy or his Cashier, in manner aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose all such naval Stores, and double the Value thereof; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer, or Prosecutor, to be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland rcfyestwdy, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. Provided always, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whether any of the naval Stores, or any Part thereof, so to be exported, are of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or of foreign Growth, product or Manufacture, the Onus probandi shall lie on the Owner or Claimer thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the first's Reign, intituled An act against clandestine running of nncvjlomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, several Provisions are made, relating to the Manner of examining and viewing Pitch and Tar, and making Certificates for the same, in order to obtain the Premium granted for such Pitch and Tar, and for infficting Penalties and Forfeitures on any Officer of the Customs, who shall demand or take any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for the examining, viewing or delivering such Pitch, i ar or other naval Stores, with respect to the Premium or Reward allowed by Law, or for the making or signing a Certificate in order to the receiving such Premium or Reward; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said act of the fifth Year of his said late Majesty, so far as the same relate to the examining and viewing such Pitch and Tar of the Produce of his Majesty's Plantations, and for infiicling Penalties and Forfeitures upon any Officer of the Customs, demanding or ta

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. xx. 717

king any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for examining, \icwing or delivering such Pitch, Tar or other naval Stores, with Respect to the Premium, and for the making or signing a Certificate, in order to the receiving such Premium or Reward, shall he continued and put in Practice during the Continuance of this Act, as if the several Matters, Things and Penalties were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this preterit Act; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, entitled, An al gccc. 1. C i2, giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores, anel for other Pwposes therein mentioned, a particular Method is prescribed for the making of Tar from green Trees prepared for that Purpose;

before the Importers were entitled to any Premium, Oath was to be made, that the Trees were prepared after the following Manner; that is to say, When such Trees were fit to bark, the Bark thereof was dripped eight Foot, or thereabouts, up from the Root of each Tree, a Slip of the Bark of about four Inches in Breadth having been left on one Side of each Tree; that each Free, after having been so harked, had Hood during one Year at lead, and was not before cut down for the making Tar; which Method, if the same was fol lowed, there is great Reason to apprehend would make the Tar of the Plantations much cooler, and more fit for the Uses of Navigation; but the Inhabitants of the Plantations, not being experienced in that Me 4 thod of makingtar, cannot as yet furnifil any Quantities of Tar made according to those Directions: 'As a further Encouragement therefore for the making of Tar according to the Directions of the said Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons that shall import or cave to be imported into this wmvm Ter Kingdom, any clean, good, merchantable, weli conditioned Tar, clear of Dross or Water, and sit in cve ry Respect for making Cordage, made from Trees prepared as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said T; ir act of the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, shall receive, as a Premium for the same, four Pounds per Tun, containing eight Barrels, and each Barrel to gauge thirty-one Gallons and one Half, to be well hooped and filled up, on the Importation thereof: Provided always, that the Importer of such Tar, before he he entitled to any Reward or Premium for the same, shall produce to the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs (who are to grant Certificates upon the Importation of Tar) such Certificate upon Oath, that all the said Tar was made without Mixture of any other Tar therewith, according to the Directions of the said Act, as in the said Act for that Purpose is particularly mentioned and required.

XII. And whereas there are in several Parts of North Britain commonly called Scotland, great Store of Pine and Fir Trees fit for Mails, Yards and Bowsprights, but the Lands and Woods which may yield such Naval Stores, are mostly in Parts mountainous and remote from navigable Rivers; therefore, for the Encouragement of the Proprietors of such Lands and Woods, in the making Roads, passages and Rivers in those northern Parts useful and commodious to the Public, as well as for conveying such Trees fit for Mails, Yards and Bowsprights to Sea Ports in North Britain, to be brought by Sea to that Part of Great Britain called England; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, or Bodies for

Corporate, that shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and importing Trees twenty-nine, during the Time limited for the granting of Premiums to the Importers of Naval Stores from filter Malls, C America by Virtue of this Act, bring from North Britain aforesaid, into any Port of South Britain aforesaid, Prom Scotland, any Trees of twelve Inches Diameter and upwards, fit for Masts, Yards or Bowsprights, regularly converted and hewed at least into eight Squares, found, fresh and in good and merchantable Condition, shall have and receive as a Reward or Premium for bringing such Naval Stores from North Britain to South Britain, for such Trees fit for Yards, Malls or Bowsprights per Tun (allowing forty Foot to each Tun, girt measure, according to the customary Way of measuring round Bodies) the Sum of one Pound, which said Reward and Premium shall likewise be paid and answered, in good and lawful Money of Great Britain, by the Commissioners or principal Officers of his Majesty's Navy, who are hereby required and empowered to make out a Bill or Bills to be paid in Course for the same, upon Certificate of the respective Chief Officer or on cer.ificnie Officers of the Customs in any Port of South Britain where such Trees fit for Masts, Yards or Bowsprights from the chief shall be imported as aforesaid; Bill or Bills to be made out and given to the Person or Persons, or Bodies Officer at the Corporate, importing the same as aforesaid, within twenty Days after the Discharge and Unlading of the place V lm" Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels in which such Trees shall be imported, upon a Certificate or Certificates to Portation» be produced to the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs where such Trees shall be imported, which Certificate or Certificates shall be under the Hands and Seals of the Comptroller and Collector of his ma ni the jesty's Customs, and such Naval Officer as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two of them, rest - troller, C 0? ding at any such Port or Ports in North Britain as his Majesty under the Great Seal of Great Britain shall the Customs think fit to appoint, where such Trees shall be embarked or shipped, in order for importing the same into where the Trees any Port of South Britain, that before the Departure of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, the Persons, arefi, ft fl, lpped' Traders or Factors concerned or employed in cutting down such Trees, or any two of them, had made Affidavit in Writing before such Comptroller and Collector of his Majesty's Customs in North Britain, and such Naval Officer as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two of them, that such Trees, so brought to such Part of North Britain, were truly and bona fide of the Growth and Produce of North Britain aforesaid; which Affidavit the particular Number, Quantity and Qualities of such Trees, together with the Time when such Trees were cut down, the Names of the Proprietors thereof, and the Place or Places where the same did grow, shall be fully and plainly specified and contained; which Affidavits the said Comptroller and Collector of his Majesty's Customs in North Britain, and such Naval Officer as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two of them, are hereby empowered to take, and to administer such Oath as. aforesaid, and the same Affidavits to keep in their Custody, and in which Certificate a true Copy of such Affidavit shall he inserted; likewise upon Oath to be made within any Porr of South Britain, by thema aniem o.uhof fter or Masters of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels importing such Trees, that the same were truly laden rlje of on hoard such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels within North Britain aforesaid, and that he or they know or lhe sh)p' believe, that the said Trees were of the Growth of North Britain aforesaid: Provided always, That the cfff^on'trsof preemption or Refusal of such North British i rees be offered and tendred to the Commissioners of his Majesty's

the?it!ernpuoo!

C 26.

Anno secundo Georgii

A.D. 1729.

Penalty for nuking in lie A fiidjvi?, or eomverfei in an Alndavit or Certificate.

Penalty on Comptroller, C making fa lie Certificate.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C 1:

Clamleftmely

Navy upon landing the same; and if, within the Term of twenty Days after such Tender, the said Commissioners shall nor contrail; or bargain for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners of the said North British Trees, otherwise to dispose thereof.

XIII. And for the better preventing any fraudulent Importation of foreign Trees for Malls, Yards or Bowsprights (not being of the Growth or Produce of North Britain) to South Britain, in order to obtain the Reward or Premium hereby granted for North British Trees: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, during the Continuance of this Act, fallly make Affidavit of and swear to the Growth of any Trees imported as fit for Malls, Yards or Bowsprights, not being of the Produce of

North Britain, or shall counterfeit any such Affidavit or Certificate, as herein is before described, in order to get the Premium hereby granted for North British Trees, all and every such Person and Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, and all and every such Person and Persons committing such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons that will sue for the same in any Court of Record of Great Britain., wherein no Essoin, pro tedlion or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Comptroller, Collector or Naval Officer shall make any false Certificate contrary to the true Meaning of this act, such Comptroller, collector or Naval Officer, and every of them so offending, shall incur the same Pains and Penalties, as any Officer of any Port for the like Offence is for making a false Certificate for Goods and Merchandizes liable to, by an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Citstoms.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mailer or Owner of any Ship or

of foreign Growth, and demanding a. Premium, forfeits icol.

Trees Vesse! shall clandestinely import or receive in such Ship or Vessel, to be imported into South Britain, any Trees fit for Mads, Yards or Bowsprights, not being of the Growth of North Britain, as Trees of the Growth of North Britain, knowing the same to be foreign Trees, and shall demand or receive for such foreign Trees the Reward or Premium hereby granted for North British trees, such Mailer or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in like Manner as aforesaid, and the Ship or Vesse! in which such foreign I rees shall be so fraudulently imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Exportation of all Malls, from sccthrh Yards and Bowsprights of the.growth of Scotland, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next, to be under the shall be under the same restrictions, Regulations, Payments and Penalties as are directed in this act to same Regulation be observed, paid and performed on the Exportation of Malls, Yards and Bowsprights imported from the a. mars, C Plantations.

trom thehanta

XVI. Provided always, That the Importation of the Naval Stores following, viz. Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Malls, Yards and Bowsprights of the Growth or Produce of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be subject to the same Regulations, restrictions and Limitations, in Reference to the ship ping and navigating thereof, and such Security shall be given for importing the same into Great Britain, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Imputation of Sugar, Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, Indigo, Ginger, Fustick and other dying Wood, for his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, are subject unto.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforementioned Premiums upon Malls, Yards and Bowsprights, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine, shall be paid upon the Importatiomof the said Naval Stores, for and during the Term of thirteen Years, to commence from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.

Importation of Naval Stores from America, how to be icgu lated.

Continued as to the Premium, C by 23 Geo. 2. c. 35.' and farther by 32

Geo 2. C 23

hart her Pronjfons concerns? Plantations, 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 2s. 4 Geo. 1. C i5 Geo. 2. c. 7 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 vs? 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 & 33. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

6 Geo. C 73. 3 Geo. 2. c. 19, 12. Geo. 2. c. 30.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

Tor firmer Law

WHEREAS the Welfare and Riches of this Kingdom greatly depend on the Trade and Navigat on concerningsea ' y, thereof, the same being of great Use and Benefit, and tending very much to enrich the subjects men refir to zr. C hereof, upon which great Numbers of the Artificers and Manufacturers Livelihoods wholly depend; aid 05. y W, 1 whereas, for several Years last pall, the Navigation carried on by the Merchants to Parts beyond the Seas, 3. 021. s&'g ' hath been and doth still retrain under very great Difficulties and Expenses, by the Uncertainty they lave. 23. ' hour under by Seamen and Mariners, who ship themselves on board Merchant Ships, and after they have

9 & 10 TV, 3. ' so done, neglect their Duty, and will not remain on board their Ships or Vessels to discharge their Duty;

4 6 ' ' an very often when Ships and Vessels come to be cleared out, in order to proceed on their respective

Ann. C 19.5 C Voyages, the Seamen refuse to proceed with them, without coming to new Agreements for increasing

10 Atm. 17. 4 their Wages, and many of them will leave their Ships and Vessels and not proceed rn their Voyages, which

1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. ' puts the Owners of such Ships and Vessels to great Trouble and Charges to get other Sailors or mari C 25. 8 Geo. C ness in their Stead, and often is a Means to overset the Voyages of such Ships and Vessels, to the great

stat \ ac Prejudice of the Owners and Freighters of the Goods on board the said Ships and Vessels; yet such Sea

11. 2 Geo. '27 C men and Mariners, after they have committed such Offences and Disorders, will bring Actions against C 7. ' the Owners or Mailers of the said Ships and Vessels for the Recovery of their Wages, from the Time of

their shipping themselves unto the Time they quit the said Ships and Vessels: And whereas many of tlte said Seamen and Mariners will neglect their Duty when on board at Sea, and desert their Ships and Vessels in foreign Parts, which puts the said Owners of Ships and Vessels to very great Difficulties and

A.D. 1729. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 36. 719

Expenses, to get others in their Stead, to bring their Ships and Vessels home; and afterwards such Sea ' inen and Mariners infill on recovering their Wages, notwithstanding their voluntary Desertion; all £ which is a great Discouragement to Trade and Navigation: Therefore, in order to prevent such Practises for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the No Maflcrt of twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, it shall not be lawful for

on a vo>3gc

without prccing with ti e Matin' 15 or yvigcs,

any Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, to carry any Seaman Mariner, except his Apprentice or Apprentices, to Sea, from any Port or Place where he or they were

be made in Writing, declaring V hat Wages each Seaman ormariner is to have respei Voyage, or for so long Time as he or they shall ship themselves for; and also to ex

{ 1. for u ch M rinrr.

entered or shipt, to proceed on any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, without first coming to an Agreement or Contract with such Seamen or Mariners for their Wages, which Agreement or Agreements shall

'peftively during tile whole express in the said Agreement or Contrail the Voyage for which such Seaman or Mariner was slipped, to perform the same; and in case any Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall carry out any Seaman ormariner, except his Ajcrcrticcs Apprentice or Apprentices, upon any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, without first entering into such c*c't: CL Agreement or Contract as aforesaid, and he and they signing the same, such Master or Commander shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every such Seaman or Mariner which lie filial carry to Sea, with rnrft nre of out entering into such Agreement in Writing as aforesaid, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, to be recovered upon Information on the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised and required to ifllte out his or their Warrant or Warrants to bring before him or them such Master or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel; in case he or they refuse to pay such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods; and, in case no Distress can be found to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the City, County, Town or Place, there to remain until he or they shall pay the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Seaman or Mariner enter or ship himself on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel on any intended Voyage for Parts beyond the Seas, he and they so entering themselves as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby obliged to sign such Agreement or Contract within three Days after he or they shall have entered themselves on board any Ship or Vessel, in order to proceed on any Voyage as aforesaid; which agreement or Agreements, or Contracts, after the signing thereof, shall be conclusive and binding to all Parties, for and duting the Time or Times so agreed or contracted for, to all Intents and Purposes; Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

/fanners to fan the Agreement.

III. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or Mariner shall

Penalty on Mariners deterring.

CC nr.ay commit Dfft rtst 1. to the ure CI

desert or refuse to proceed on the Voyage on board any Ship or Vessel, bound to Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, or that shall desert from the Ship or Vessel to which he or they shall belong, in Parts beyond the Seas, after he or they shall have signed such Contract or Agreement, he or they shall forfeit to the Owners of such Ship or Vessel the Wages which shall be due to him or them at the Time of his or their deserting from such Ship or Vessel, or obffinately refusing to proceed on such Voyage.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Seaman or Mariner shall desert orabfent himself from jufk< cs of the any such Ship or Vessel, after he or they have entered into and signed such Contract or Agreement to proceed " upon any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, upon Application made to any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, by the Master or Commander, Owner or Owners, com d; or other Person or Persons having Charge of the said Ship or Vessel to which such Seaman or Mariner did belong, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and they are hereby required to issue forth

his or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend such Seaman or Mariner; and in case he or they shall refuse to proceed on the Voyage for which he or they entered into Contract or Agreement to perform as aforesaid, and shall not give a sufficient Reason for such Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, then to commit such Seaman or Mariner to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, not exceeding thirty Days nor less than fourteen Days, anything to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or Mariner shall absent him Penalty on f.fa self from the Ship or Vessel to which he filial! belong, without Leave from the Master or Commander, or nners; b'vtms other Chief Officer, having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, every such Seaman or Mariner shall, for 'vj^vut Lc" Pe every such day's Absence, forfeit two Days Pay to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, to be recovered, applied

and disposed of as is herein after directed by this Act.

VI. And whereas Seamen and Mariners, after their Ships Arrival at their unlivering Port in Great Britain, ofttimes leave the Ships and Vessels before they are unladen, or before the said Seamen and Mariners are discharged by the Mailers or Commanders of such Ships and Vessels in order to prevent such Practises for the future; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Seaman or Mariner, rvnajty for not entering into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and" Successors, shall leave such Ship or Vessel, to e the ship

which he or they belong, before he or they shall have a Discharge in Writing from the Master or Com' '

or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, he or they so leaving such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit one month's Pay, to be recovered, applied and disposed of as is herein after directed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel Matters tc pay into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, the Mailers or Commanders of such Ships or Vessels final! be, and they are hereby obliged to pay the Seamen and.mariners belonging to such Ships or Vessels their coding home!" Wages, if demanded, in thirty Days after the said Ships or Vessels being entered at the customhouse, except in case where a Covenant shall be entered into to the contrary, or at the Time the said Seamen and Mariners shall be discharged, which shall first happen, if demanded, deducting out of such Wages the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, under the Penalty of paying to each Seaman or Mariner that

2 0

C

35-

Anno secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1720.

shall be unpaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, twenty Shillings over and above the Wares that shall be due to each Person, to be recovered by the same Means and Methods as the Wages may be recovered; and 1'uch Payment of Wages aforesaid shall be good and valid in Law, notwithstanding any Action, Bill of Sale, Attachment or Encumbrance whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Seaman or Mariner by entering into or signing such Contrail or Agreement as aforesaid, shall be deprived of or hindered from using any Means or Methods for the re cov.iy of Wages against any Ship, the Mailer or Owners thereof, which he may now lawfully make tile of, and that in all Cases where it shall or may be necessary that the Contract or Agreement in Writing And Seiran not aforesaid should be produced in Court, no Obligation shall lie on any Seaman or Mariner to produce the dcp ivnd nf other same but on the Matter, Owner or Owners of the Ship for which the Wages shall be demanded; and no Remedies. Seaman or Mariner shall fail in any Suit, Action or Process for Recovery of Wages for want of such Agreement or Contrail being produced; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rafters 10 de

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Masters or Commanders; or Owners of any Ships or veftcis duct out of Sea shall and they hereby have full Power to deduct, out of the Wages of any Seaman or Mariner, all the Pe

In rise of S'ljt for yv.iges, Ma Her obliged 10 produce tie A freemen

mens w.igos all Penalties due to Greenwich Hospital.

nalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by this Act, and to enter them in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to make Oath, if required, to the Truth thereof; which Book or Books shall be signed by the Laid Mailer or Commander of each Ship or Vessel respectively, and two or more principal Officers belonging to such Ships or vessels, setting forth that the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in such Book or Books, are the whole Penalties and Forfeitures stopped from any Seamen or Mariners during the whole Voyage; which Penalties and Forfeitures (except the Forfeiture of Wages to the Owners on the Desertion of any Seaman or Mariner, or on refuting to proceed on the Voyage) shall go to and be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and not otherwise, to be paid and accounted for by the Mailers and Commanders of Ships and vessels coming from Parts beyond the Seas, to the same Officer or Officers, at any Port or Place, who collects the sixpence per Month, deducted out of Seamens Wages, for the Use of the Laid Hospital; which Officer shall have and hereby hath full Power to administer an Oath to every Commander or Mailer respectively touching the i ruth of such Penalties and Forfeitures, to be paid, applied and disposed of as aforesaid.

[Forfeitures to be paid to the Hospital within 3 Months.]

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Masters or Commanders, or Owners of any Ships or vessels shall deduct out of the Wages of any Seamen or Mariners, any of the Penalties and Forfeitures, which by this Act are directed to be deducted and applied to and for the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and shall not pay the Money so deducted to some Officer or Officers who collect the sixpence per Month., deducted out of Seamens Wages, for the Use of the said Hospital, in the Port or Place where such Deduction shall be made, within three Months after such Deduction; every Person so neglecting to pay the Money deducted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay treble the Value thereof to the Use of the said Hospital; which, together with the Money deducted as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the same Means and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures for not duly paying the said sixpence per Month can or may be recovered.

---

[Publick Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby obliged to take Notice of it as such, without special pleading the same.

[Continuation of the Act.]

[Continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 26.]

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for the Space of five Years, to be reckoned from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[Act not to debar Seamen from entring into his Majesty's Service.]

XIII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to debar any Seaman or Mariner belonging to any Merchant Ship or Vessel, from entering or being entered into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on board any of his or their Ships or vessels; nor shall such Seaman or Mariner, for such Entry, forfeit the Wages due to him, during the Term of his Service in such Merchant Ship or Vessel; nor shall such Entry be deemed a Desertion.

[Concerning Seamen see further 6 Geo. 2. c. 25. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 17. 14 Geo. 2. c. 38. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. 18 Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. and 2 Geo. 3. c. 31. by which this Act is made perpetual.]

END of the FIFTH VOLUME.

