«









1







i

m

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011

%

http://www.archive.org/details/statutesatlargef01g

VH'Oiutv* at

M \ (. \ A C: i; A U T A















J V

\











H E

FROM

MAGNA CHART A,

TO THE

END of the REIGN of KING HENRY the SIXTH.

f.

To which is prefixed,

A T A B L E of the T I T L E S of all the Publick and P«Wa

Statutes during that Time.

LONDON:

Printed by Mark Basket, Printer to the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, and by the Afligns of Robert Basket $

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty.

M DCC LXIIL

i

o







,T

'1





)





PREFACE.

IN the rude State of human Government, while perfonal Strength and Courage were chiefly held in Efteem, as Qualities moft conducive to Honour and Security, Men yielded with Reluctance to the Obligation of Civil Inftitutions, which were calculated to abridge and reftrain their natural Rights and Prerogatives.

During this early Dawn of Legiflation, the unpolifhed Genius of the People, is vifible even in the ConftruCticn of their Laws, which are, moft of them, haftily drawn up without Order and without Precifion.

The antient Statutes of this Kingdom, afford abundant Examples of fuch Irregularity and Inaccuracy; being, moft of them, formed without an^i^ettled Precedent ; and feeming, in particular Inftances, rather to be Provifions extorted by fome predominant Influence, than Laws inftituted by the concurring Aflent of a regular Legiflature.

Some Degree of Order, however, beamed forth under the Reign of Edward I, many Laws of that Time being penned with a Brevity and Perfpicuity, which might do Honour to more enlightened Days. But ftill the greater Part of the Statutes even of that Reign, and of thofe immediately fucceeding, are not only vague and unfettled in Point of Form, but are fometimes defective in Subftance. In many, there are no Words expreffing by what Authority they were promulgated ; and in thofe wherein the enaCting Authority is declared, it is varioufly defcribed. In fome Inftances, the Laws feem to iffue from the King alone; feveral ACts running in the Form of Charters and Patents. In others, they feem to proceed from the King and Lords jointly, without the concurring Aflent of the Commons.

It is obfervable likewife, that Offences are fometimes loofely and ambiguoufly defcribed; and, in many Statutes, no certain Penalty is inflicted on the Offender * ; whereby the Courts of Juftice were not only entrufted with a Latitude of ConftruCtion refpeCting the Offence, but with a dangerous difcretionary Power of punifhing the Delinquent ; which afforded room for Partiality and Oppreflion.

The Laws of thofe Times were likewife extremely defective with regard to civil Proceedings, whereby, in many Inftances, the Courts of Judicature were left open to Temptations, and expofed to Menaces : And, even in the Decline of the feudal Policy, they were eafily corrupted or overawed by the Influence of the Crown, or of fome potent Baron J*.

* Many of the penal Statutes only enadb that the Offender fhal! be punilhed at the King's Pleafure; fome, that he fhall make grievous Ranfom to the King: And others are merely prohibitory, or admonitory.

t See Maddox's Hift, of Exchequer,

4

The

VI

A

P R E F

C E.

The Ineonveniencies arifing from fuch an imperfect Syftem, wherein Power too often took place of Right, rauft, in thofe Days, have been frequently and fa-' tally experienced, more efpecially by the Commoners, or inferior Orders, of the State. Their Experience of thefe Ineonveniencies, taught them to prize the fuperior Advantages of civil Inftitutions; and as they, by Degrees, were enabled to aflert their Independence, and to obtain that Share in the Adminiftration of Government, to which they are by Nature intitled, we find that the Legiflature applied their Attention to the framing of Laws with greater Precifion and Uniformity, in order more effectually to afeertain the Bounds of Juftice, and compel lawlefs Force to fubmit to the Civil Tribunal.

As Xnduftry, however, could make but flow Advances againft the overbearing Weight of lordly Power, the Commons were not, for a long Time, in a Condition to procure the exprefs Acknowledgment, much lefs to maintain the regular Exercife, of their undoubted Rights : And the frequent Struggles among the feveral Orders of the Conftitution were, in Part perhaps, the Occalion of the vague and unfettled Frame of our Statute Law, which, as different Interefis predominated, underwent fucceflive Alterations, both in Form and Subftance.

Thefe Inftances of Diforder and Irregularity, among other Circumflances, have given-rife to various Objections againft. the Validity of feveral early Adts, printed in former Collections, and continued in this. Should thefe Objections ever prevail, many antient Statutes muft be rejeted as utterly invalid ■, and, to eftablifh their Authority, is perhaps one of the principal Ends to which an Editor fhould direct his Attention. I (hall therefore endeavour, in the firft Place, to obviate thefe Objections; which will lead me briefly to explain the Method in which our antient Ats of Parliament were pafled *. I fliall then offer lome Obfervations on our Statute Law in general: And laftly, fliall prefent the Reader with the Plan of the prefent Edition.

It is affirmed in feveral Books ‘f-, that, if a Record mention only that the King enadls, and the Lords affent, without naming the Commons, that the Omiffion cannot be fupplied by any Intendment : And upon this Principle, the 8 Hen. VI. c. 29. hath, as Serjeant Hawkins obferves, been queftioned by Dyer J, and its Authority denied in 1 Inft. || and the 8th Report 4-- Were this Principle, however, which, as applied to the early Statutes, feems ill grounded, to be admitted for the prefent, yet its Force would not invalidate the Authority of the A<5t in Queftion.'

It is obfervable, that, in the old Statutes, there was, for the moft Part, a general Preface, or, as fome call it. Prologue, to the feveral Articles or Chapters enadted

jm It feetns to be an indifpenfable Duty of an Editor, to give fome Account of the Forms in which our antient Acts were pafled ; fince, without this previous Knowledge, many of them will be very imperfectly underlined; fuch as Artuuli C/cri, and others, which do not bear the Form of Statutes. In order however to explain the antient Method of palling Bills, we muft neceffarily take fome Notice concerning the refpedtive Influence of the feveral Orders of the State at different Times : An Inquiry which has been greatly obfeured by the partial and interefted Zeal of the Writers of the laft Century, who, by attempting to prove too much, have, on both Sides, fallen equally fhort of Convi&ion. The Editor therefore has been cautious of advancing any thing on this Subject, not warranted by the Evidence of the antient Records.

f Hen.]. i3. PI. 11. 8 Coke 20,21. Moor 824. PI. 1112. Co. Lilt. 159. b. HI. m.

t Dyer 144. p. 60.	||	1	Inft.	159.	b.	4	8 Co. 20. b.

in

vii

PREFACE.

in each Seffion, which were entered feriatim on the Roll, without a Tingle Break, or even any intervening Pundtuation : And they all had Reference to the Preface, which declared the enacting Authority. Thus the Adi in Queftion, of the 8 Hen.

VI.	begins with the following Preface.

“To the Laud and Honour of Almighty God, &c. our mpft noble Chriftian “ Lord Henry, &c. by the Advice and Affent of the Prelates and great Men of his “ Realm of England, and at the fpecial Requcji and Assent of the Commons of ** the faid Realm being in the. faid Parliament, hath made certain Statutes, &e. “ in the Form following.”

Here we find that, in this Preface, the Ajfent of the Commons is exprefsly mentioned : And therefore the Omiffion in the 29th Chapter, is to be fupplied by Reference, and there is no Need of any Intendment *.

But admitting that their Affent could not be fupplied by fuch Reference, yet, if fuch an Omiffion ffiould be deemed fufficient to invalidate a Statute, then the Authority of the greater Part of the early Adis may be denied : For the Affent of the Commons is frequently omitted, more efpecially in the enadling Claufes of the Statutes prior to the Reign of Henry VII. nay, fometimes is not even inferted in the Preface -f*.

Lord Coke however takes a Diftindlion between a general and a particular penning of an Adi of Parliament. Thus he allows an Adi to be good which runs in thefe general Terms : “ It is enadled by Authority of Parliament.” Or, he likewife admits, that if it be indited “ quod Hominus Rex Jlatuit,” yet if it be entered in the Parliament-Roll, and always allowed to be an Adi, it fhall be intended to have been by Authority of Parliament. But, he concludes, “ If it be penned, that the King “ enadts with the Affent of the Lords, or with the Affent of the Commons, it is “ not an Adi of Parliament, for the Record of the Adt expreffing which of them “ gave their Affent, excludeth all Intendments that any other gave their Affent. J”

This Diftindlion however, with due Deference to fuch great Authority, does not feem to eftablifh any folid Difference. For, the Legiflature confifting of three Orders, where one alone, the King for Inftance, is expreffed, there is the fame Ground for excluding all Intendment with regard to the other two, as there is for the Ex-clufion of one, where two only are mentioned : And no valid Reafon can be given, why the AU'ent of one Order, fhould not be intended as well as the Affent of two, Befides, the univerfal Reception in Courts of Juftice, feems to be againft his Lord-fhip’s Pofition : For the Statute de MalefaSforibus in P.arcis, where it is faid, that “ the King hath commanded, at the Inftance of his Nobles,” hath always been.

* What farther proves the Authority of the Abl in Queffion, is its having been referred to, and in Part recited, as a Statute in Force, by the Legiflature itfelf; for in the 22 H. 8. c. 10. deferibing certain Offences, it is thus exprefly declared, “ .That in the Inquefl: that fhall pafs between the King and “ any fuch Party fhall be altogether of Englijhmen,” albeit that the Party fo indibted pray Medietatan Lingua, according to the Statute of Anno 8 Henrici 6. or any other Statute thereof made.

f Throughout the Reign of Ed. 1. the Aflent of the Commons is not once expreffed in any of the enabling Claufes ; nor in the Reigns enfuing, till the 9th of Ed. 3. nor in any of the enabling Claufes of 16 R. 2. Nay even fo low as H. 6. from the Beginning till the 8th Year of his Reign, the Affent of the Commons is not once expreffed in any enabting Claufe.

J Co. 20. A

3

deemed

P R E F A C E.

‘deemed a Statute. Other Statutes likev/ife, mentioned by Serjeant Hawkins, fitch as Quia emptores terrarum, which is worded as <£ an Ordinance at the Inftance'of'

<£ the great Men	Articulifuper ebartas,	which only mentions the Prelates, Earls,

and Barons; and the Statute of Money, which runs in the fame Form, have been univerfally received as Afts of the whole Legiilature, though particularly penned, and omitting the Commons.

But the Do&rine laid down by Lord Coke and others, will appear the more in-defenfible, if we take a retrofpedlive View of the antient Method of pafiing Adis of Parliament, wherein we fhall find, that the concurring Aflent of the feveral Orders of .the State was not for fome time held efientially requilite.; and that after the Commons were rejlored, as a Part of the Legiilature, their Influence was fo inconfide-rable, that it was many Years before their Right of AJjent in particular was fully acknowledged and efiablifhed in Practice.

Concerning the antient Method of pafiing Law's, during the BritiJh and Saxon Times, we can conclude little with Certainty. The Britijb Kifritbin, or Great ^ Council, feems to have been rather an occafional and tumultuary Meeting, than an Afiembly competed of regular and diftinft Orders *. With regard however to the Saxon Conftitution, though we cannot trace the Forms on which the feveral Orders of the State concurred in the Bufinefs of Legillation, yet we frequently find exprefs Mention of the People in the Saxon Laws -j-: And it may, among other Circum-ilances, be collected even from the Nature and Delign of the Folcmote £, that they

bore

* Many have undertaken to prove that the Commons were constituent Members of the Britijh Great Council. Of this Opinion is Lord Coke, Pref. to 9th.Rep.

Petyt likewife adopts the fame Notion on the Authority of Dion CaJJius, who allures us, in the Life off Scveni*, that .apitd Brit annas Populus magna ex parte Principal ttm tenet. But the Word Pop ulus here, according to Brady, can only mean the great Men or Leaders; fince Tacitus in the Life of Agrieela, long before the Time of Severus, informs us that Bntanni a/fm Regibus parebatit, nunc per Principes fa Tomtits iS Studiis trahuntur.—Brady however feems to have miftaken the Senfe of this PafTage, which he tranf-lates, or rather amplifies thus. “ In Times paft, the Britains obeyed their Kings, and lived under Mo-“ narchy; now they are drawn into Faftions and Parties by their Chiefs and great Men.” From the Words in Italicks, which are not to be found in the Original, may be inferred, what Brady indeed fupr pofes, that the Britains no longer lived under Monarchy, but had degenerated into a Populacy, or, as he exprefTes it, a Compound of Ariftocraey and Democracy. Whereas the Faft is, that the Britains, at that Time, lived under their Kings ; and the Hiflorian, within a few Pages of the Paflage cited,..fpeaks of King Cogidunus and Queen Voadieca. Brady, with fome others, feems to have been betrayed into this Mifconflrudtion, by taking the Words Reglibus and Principes as oppofed to each other: Whereas thef Oppofition is between the Words Parebant and Fa Clio nibus trahuntur. See the Annotator on the Amjler-dam Edition of Tacitus.—It is obfervable that the learned Spelman has fallen into the fame Error: For, after quoting the above PafTage from Tacitus, he fays, “ Tides in hifee Conjiliis ncc Regis adeffe Prefentiam,

“ ncc Authoritatem.” An Inference by no Means deducihle from the Words of the Hiflorian. See Spe/m. GlolT. Voce Parliamentum.—Some, who have treated of this Subject, tell us that the Members of the Brit t'Jh Councils were their Edlns, who were of princely Race : Together with the Governors of DrftriiSts and Lords of Villages. But this Inquiry is involved in Arch Obfcurity, that perhaps it is not fafe to form any pofitive Conclufion.

t They are exprefsly named in the Wittanagemot held by Ethelwolf in the Year 855, when a Tenth was given to the Church by the King, cum Thanis> Baronibus, is popklo. They are again exprefsly named in the 8th Law of Edward the ConfclTor. And in the 35th Law, we find the AJjent of the People exnrcffcd as follows. Hoe enim faClutn fuit per Commune Confdium tS Assensum omnium Epifcoporitm, Pm.icipum, Proarum, Centiturn, tS omnium Sapientum Scniorum, & Popueorum totius Regni.

t I he holcmotc v/as of two Kinds; the Folcmote Comitatus, or Shiremote, and the Folcmote Civitatis vci Burgi, that is, the Burgmote. The former was an yearly Afiembly of the People of all Ranks, in the Nature cf an annual Parliament, and the Laity there took the Oath of Fealty, before the Bilhops: At

thefe

IX

PREFACE,

bore no mconiiderable Share in the Adminiftration of Government •, as many have, with good Reafon, contended -f.

We may neverthelefs venture to conclude, that the Authority of the Commons, however conftitutionally extenfive in Point of Right J, foon became ve ry inconfl-derable in Effedt. We may indeed judge of the Weaknefs of their Influence, by attending to the unequal Balance of Property among the Saxons; which is, perhaps, one of the furefl: Rules to determine the refpedtive Powers of the different Orders of the Conliitution ||. And indeed it appears to have been fofmall, that it is no wonder

thefe yearly Meetings likewife, they confulted for the common Safety, about Peace and JVar, and to promote the Public Good. Befides thefe annual Meetings, if any hidden Contingency happened, it was the Duty of the Aldermen cf Cities ancl Boroughs to ring the Bell called in Englijh Motbel, in order to bring the People together to the Burgmote, that, by their Common Counc'-l, they might provide for the Security of the Crown, and take Meafures to fupprej's the Infolence of Malefattors. See the 35th Law of Edward the Confeffor.— It is probable that the Refolutions taken at thefe annual Meetings were difeuffed and finally concluded at the Courts dc More, which, according to the Inflitution of Alfred, met at the three great Feltivals of Eafer, Whitfuntide and Chriftmas. Thefe Courts de More weTe fometimes called the Ealra TVlttanagemot, or Meeting of all the Wifemen. As to the Wittanagcmot, though it was compofed of the fame Orders in refpedl of Rank as the Ealra TVlttanagemot, yet it appears to have been only an oc-cafional Affembly of fome chofen Members, fummoned when any Emergency happened in the Intervals of the three great Feltivals.—Sir Hen. Spelman, Voce Gemote, faith, ct that the TVitianagemote differed little from the Folcmote, except that the latter was annual, and for the moll Part fummoned on certain Occafions ; whereas the former was called at the Will of the Prince, upon arduous Contingencies, and for the Sake of making Laws.” But a great Part of this Diftindtion vanilhes, fince we find from the Law above-mentioned, that the Folcmote alfo was fummoned on arduous Contingencies. Indeed Sir Henry does not feem to have treated this Subject with his ufual Accuracy and Perfpicuity : For after having obferved, that at the annual Folcmotes, the People confulted about the public Safety, about Peace and War, &c. he adds—“ Adhibetur praterea Folcmotum in repentino omni Difcrimine: Exigente etiam neceffitate fub Alderman-no (hoc eft. Comite) cujuftibet Comitatus.” Here we find that he erroneoufly makes the Folcmote on extraordinary Occafions, to be Jub Aldcrmanno Comitatus; whereas it appears from the Law above cited, that it was fub Aldermatmts in Civitatibus (J Bgrgis. But to enter into thefe Minutiae of the Saxon Conliitution, would require a Volume by itfelf.

f Elfyng, Petyt, Hackwell, Sadler, Harrington, Dugdale, Lombard, Lord Cole, and others. Lambara, Lord Coke, and many others, rely on the Authority of the old MSS. Modus tenendi Parliamentum, which is rejected as fpurious by Selden and Pryntie. £5“ There are feveral Copies of this MSS. Modus, among the Cottonian Manufcripts in the Britijh Muftnim, which materially differ from each other: And though there is good Ground to fuppofe that it is not fo aniient as its Title imports, yet fuppofing it to have been made even fo late as the Time of Ediv. 3, as Selden conjectures, yet it may ferve to exprefs the Senfe of thofe Times with refpecl to the Rights of the Commons, to which they were willing to add the Sanction of Antiquity.

X Dugdale and Lombard conclude very llrongly, that the Commons were reprefented among the Saxons j and the latter produceth a very cogent Reafon in fupport of this Opinion. For, faith he, many antient and long fince decayed Burroughs do fend Burgeffes to Parliament, though it cannot be fhewn that thofe Burroughs have been of any Reputation fince theConqueft, much lefs that they have obtained the Privilege by the Grant of any fucceeding King : So, on the contrary, they of antient Demefne do pre-feribe in not lending Burgeffes to the Parliament; which Prefcription proves that there were fome Burroughs before the Conqueil, which did fend Burgeffes. See Dugd. Orig. Jurid. and Lombard's Archaon> or Difcourfe on the High Courts of Juftice. The Reader will find the fame Arguments in Lord Coke's Preface to his 9th Report.—Upon the whole, there feems to be the ftrongell Reafon for concluding that the People had a Share in the Adminillration of the Saxon Government, though it is not eafy to afeertain the Forms in which they exercifed their Rights. It is not improbable that their Folcmote anfwered, in fome Refpefls, to our Houfe of Commons : That their Ealra TVlttanagemot bore Refemblance to the Houfe of Lords : And that their TVlttanagemot was fomewhat in the Nature of our Privy Council; But after all perhaps, it is more difereet to confefs our Ignorance in thefe Points, than to form uncertain Conclu-fions, or hazard vain Conjectures.

|J Under the Saxon Monarchy, the Poffeffions of the great Thanes were fo immenfe, that they were'not only called Reguli, cr petty Kings, but in Effcdt they exercifed a Kind of regal Authority within their

Vol. I.	b	'	feveral

X

R

E

P

FACE.

dcr we find the Traces of it for fome Time effaced by the Revolution effected under William the Norman.

While the feodal Syffem which he introduced, or rather, perhaps, extended *, was preferved in its full Vigour, we find no exprefs Mention of the Commons.

• But the great Oppolition the fucceeding Kings met with from the enormous Power of the Barons, and the Struggles between regal and ariftocratical Tyranny, occa-iionedthe Decline of that Syffem ; and, with other concurring Circurnffances^-j gradually made Way for the Rejloration of the Commons into the Great Council. As the greater Baronies elcheated, they were, in order to lelfen the Influence of the Nobility, portioned out into lefler Tenures, in Capitey; and thefe Tenants were called the Leffer Barons ; who had a Right of attending the Parliament. Their Number, according to Gilbert, was at one Time three thoufand: Their Attendance coniequently becoming inconvenient, if not impoflible, two Knights were at length fummoned from each County, in the Room of thefe Lefler Barons.

The firff Summons of thefe Knights, extant on Record, is the 49th of Henry III. J And it doth not appear that the Citizens and Burgefles, who were, at that time, the true Commons of the Realm, were regularly fummoned at-this Time. All we find is, that the Cities of York and Lincoln, and other Boroughs of England, were written to, and required to fend two of the mod difcreet Men, &c.

The firff regular Summons we meet with, directed to the Sheriff, for the EleElion of Citizens and Burgefles, is in the 23d of Edward I. ||. The Commons had by

this

feveral JurifdiCtions. The Saxon Policy likewife contributed to increafe and confirm the ariftocratical Power. For, if a Clown obtained a certain Portion of Land, that is, five Hides, he became a Thane; if a Merchant crofted the Sea thrice on his own Account, he rofe to the fame Honour. And if a Thane improved his Eftate to the Amount of an Earldom, then he became an Earl. Though Inftances of fuch Advancement might not probably be very frequent, yet, it is eafy to conceive, that, under a Government, where a certain Portion of Property alone, ftamped the Rank of Nobility on the Pof-feffor, the Influence of the Burgefles or Commons mull be extremely low. The fame Law, which gave Encouragement to Trade, proved injurious to Liberty, by its Tendency to increafe the Power of the Ariftocracy.

* See Wright1 s Tenures, where the Authorities concerning Introduction of feodal Tenures are candidly and accurately ftated.

4 The Frauds and Impofitions in collecting the Scutages and other feodal Revenues, was perhaps among the Caufes of reftoring the Commons, in order to procure their Affent to fuch Taxes as were propofed to be levied on them.

•J- This Policy is generally attributed to King Stephen.

4 It is well obferved by Brady, that it does not appear by the Writ, whether the Sheriffs, or the Counties, were to elect thefe Knights. The Mandate to the Sheriffs being only $htod venire faciant. It is ob-fervable likewife, that thefe Knights feem, for fome Time, to have been eonfidered as a diftinCi Order from the Commons; as maybe inferred from the 10 Ed. 3. where it is faid, “ The King hath perceived, “ at the Complaint of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and alfo at the Ihewing of the Knights of the Shires, “ and his Commons, &c.” Likewife in 6 Ed. 3. n. 6. the Prelates, Earls, Barons and Great Men by fhcmfelvcs, is les Chivalers des Countess id Gentz du Commune par Etix Mcfmcs, Stc. NY A may not be improper, however, to obferve of Brady, that though he difeovers great Learning and Acutenefs, yet he evidently wrote with the illiberal View of ferving a Party, rather than of inveftigating Truth. As an Author, therefore, he ought to be read with Caution : And as a Man, capable of proftituting his Talents to explain away the Rights of the People, lie ought to be remembered with Concern.

j| 7’his, however, was more properly the Revival, than the Commencement of their Right. Indeed there are the flrongeft prefumptive Proofs, that the Commons were a Part of the Parliament foon after the

Coriquellj

PREFACE.	xi

this Time obtained feme Share of Influence : But fuch was the little Regard paid to their Rights, that their Aflent -f was not, for a long Time after, held eflential to the enafting of Laws.

- Even the Barons themfdvcs were, for fome Time, confidered merely as Coun-fcllors, and, afpiring alfo to the Honours of the Chace, with the romantic Glory of Chivalry, they were glad to be relieved from the fpeculative Bufmefs of Legiflation, which they willingly committed to the King and his Judges J.

But as greater Refinement took Place, they not only afierted their Right of Aflent to Adts of Legiflation, but, while their Influence was predominant, they, in fadt, bid open Defiance to the Crown.

The Commons feem at firfl, among other Reafons, to have been oppofed as a Counterbalance to their exorbitant Power : And they naturally adhered to the Sovereign, from Averfion to the Barons, who were no lefs their Oppreflors, than Opponents to the Crown |[.

Conqueft ; or at leaft very early in the Reign of Hen, 3. For the 25th of Ed. 1. which confirms Magna Cbarta, fays, that it was made by the common Agent of all the Realm. And the 35th of Ed. 3. fpcaks more ftrongly, that Magna Cbarta was made par le Roy, fes Piers, & la Communalte de la Terre: And the Judgment of thofe early Times is more to be regarded than the partial Conftrudtion of modern Interpreters. Moreover, though the Summons of the 49 H. 3. is the firft on Record, which comes near to the Form fo long in Ufe, yet there are Inftruments on Record long before this Time, from whence it may be inferred that the Commons were called to the Great Council, as appears from Whitlocke’* Notes on the Rings Writ for chfing of Members of Parliament; a MSS. the Property of Dr. Moreton, who favoured the Editor with the Perufal of it. ^ Brady, however, with his ufual Subtlety, would perfuade us, that the Word Conmiunalty antiently meant the Barons only, and Tenants in Capite, or military Men : But though he has cited fome Inftances where the Word may be fo underftood, yet, in the 14 Ed. 3. Stat. 2. the Words Communalty and Commons are exprefsly ufed as fynonymous Terms : And there are fuch innumerable Inftances in the antient Records where the Words Commimitas and Gommunaute are deferiptive of the Connnons only, that no unprejudiced Writer could overlook or fupprefs them. But Brady, who refts his Arguments on mere verbal Niceties, would farther perfuade us that the Words Prcceres, Nobiles, Optimates, Magnates, &c. con-ftantly denote the Barons or Noblemen ; whereas, however they may be fo taken in a clafficai Senfe, yet, in the antient Records, they are often applied to diftinguifh the chief of the Commoners, that is, the reprefen-tative Body ; as in the Stat. de Afportatis Religioforum, 35 Ed. 1.—pofi eleliberationem, &c. cum Comitibus, Baronibus, Proceribus et aliis Nobilibus, ac Communltatibus Regni, where the Words Pro-ceribus, Nobilibus; ac Gommunitatibus, muft be deferiptive of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefles. And of this Opinion is Lord Coke, 2 Inft. 5S3. Nay, it would not be difficult to produce many Records, where the Word Barones, notwithstanding Brady ridicules the Notion, was antiently applied to denote the Commons, and particularly the Burgefles. Wlftthcke’s MSS. above cited.

f That their Affent was a Matter of Right, however it might be overruled by the arbitrary Practices of early Times, maybe inferred from the XV ords of the Writ of Summons, which are ad audiendmn cf faciendum (R consent iendum. It is obfervable that the Summons to the Bifhops and Barons was de archils Negotiis Regni tradtatari Co Confilium impenfuri. Yet there are many Inftances on Record which prove that the Commons alfo were confulted about important Affairs of State, fuch as Peace and War, Stc. For which fee Cotton. Pojlbum.	'	'

t We find in the Statute Code, fome Traces of this Prerogative exercifed by the King. The Statute of Gavelet, 10 Ed. 2. for Inftance, runs thus:	“	It is provided by our Lord the King and his

.“ fujlices. Step without any Mention either of Lords or Commons. That Laws in thefe early Times were made by the foie Authority of the King, without the Concurrence of any other legiflative Branch, is farther evident from the Mirroir clesffuflices, the Author of which complains, “ that Ordinances are only “ made by the King and his Clerks, and by Aliens and others, who dare not contradict the King, but ftudy “ to pleafe him. Whence,” he concludes, “ Laws are oftener dictated by Will, than founded on Right.”

}| If we confider the Influence the King had in Demefne Towns, he might as well have been abfolute with a Parliament as without; and the Parliament at firft, fo far as it coniifted of Commoners, was intended as a Support to Prerogative.

b 2	The

—»•

Xll

PREFACE.

The Commons were for a long Time, neverthelefs, fo far from being confidered as effential Branches of the Legiflature, that even after they were unqueftionably reflored to Parliament, yet we find that they were not conftantly and regularly fum-moned as a diftindl Order, the Sheriffs omitting them at Pleafure * •, and the King fometimes, in the Writ of Summons, exprefsly naming the Rep refen tatives which the Sheriffs were to return J-.

Their Attendance was, for a long Time, deemed a Burthen both to Reprefenta-tlves and Conflituents; J and though after Eledlion the Members gave Security for their Attendance, yet it is common to find the Parliament adjourned, becaufe many of the Commons were not come, nor the Writs returned ||.

In moll of the antient Statutes, they are not fo much as named : And in feveral, even where they are mentioned, they are diftinguifhed as Petitioners merely, the AJJ'ent of the Lords, being expreffed in Contradifiindlion to the Requefi § of the Commons.

One of the principal Caufes, however, of their being fummoned, which was to procure their Confent to the levying of Taxes, naturally contributed to extend and enlarge their Influence; for, after they had granted Supplies to the King, in which they were fometimes emuloufly and oflentatioufly liberal, they reafonably expedted fome Return for their Liberality. Accordingly, after having provided for the King’s Neceflities, they took Occaiion to prefent Petitions for the Redrefs of Grievances; from which Petitions, mofl of our early Statutes are framed -{.. This Method of framing the Adis, feems to have taken rife from near the Beginning of the Reign of Ed. III. For, till then, the Adts were drawn up in the Form of a Law, in the firfl Inftance; but, from that Time, the Petition, with the King’s An-fwer, was. entered on the Parliament Rolls, and from them, by Advice of the Judges, and others of the King’s Council, the Adi was framed, and for the mojl part entered in a Roll called the Statute Roll, and the Tenor thereof affixed to Proclamation Writs, diredted to the feveral Sheriffs to proclaim it as a Law in their refpedtive Counties *.

Many Adis, however, though undoubtedly valid, were not entered on the Statute Roll: For if the Bill did not demand Novel Ley, that is, if the Provifion re-

*	No Mention is made, of Knights or Burgeffes in the 23 Ed. 1. m. 8. dorfo; nor in 27 Ed. 1. m. 17. dorfo. We find the like Omiflion in feveral other Inftances. In one Summons of the 23 Ed. 1. the Barons only are mentioned. See likewife the Commons Petition, 13 Ed. 3. Cotton's Abridg. n. 23. Alfo 5 Rich. 2. Stat. 2. c. 4.

t See Cl. 45 Ed. 3. m, 2. DorJ.

X Patents of Exemption were antiently granted to particular Perfons and Boroughs. Prynne s Animad. on 4 Inft. p. 32. and Maddox's MSS. in the Britijl) Mufeeum, N° 13. Tit. Pari.

!| See Cotton’s Abr. pajfim.

§ Sec 10 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. c. 2. the Statutes of Rich. 2. throughout, the Statutes of Rich. 3. throughout. See alfo Hen. 7. where many Statutes are faid to be made by the Advice and AJJ'ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the Supplication of the Commons j at other Times at the ReqUcJl—fometimes the Prayer of the Commons.

4 Some of our antient Statutes run in the Form of Petition and Anfwer, fuch as Articuli Cleri 9 Ed. 2, Stat. 1.

*	See Hale’s Hift. of Common Law.

4

quired

R

E.

P

E F A

quired would Hand with the Laws in Force, and did not tend to change or alter any Statute then in being, in fuch Cafe the Law was compleat by the Royal Af-fent on the Parliament Roll, without any Entry on the Statute Roll: And fuch Bills were ufually termed Ordmances, being fuch as might at any Time be amended by the Parliament-without any Statute; whereas one Statute could not be altered but by. another : And. this. Diftindtion is clearly exprefled in the Rolls here-under cited -{•*.

When the Commons had obtained Anfwers to their Petitions £, fuch' as were granted'were framed into Adts, and frequently pafled, without their Concurrence or Infpedtion ||. • And their Afient, though an undoubted Right, was fo far from being indifputably dlablifhed in Practice, that we find it difputed in the moft eflen-tial Points, and arbitrarily over-ruled during the Reigns of Edward III. and Richard II: §•.

t Rot. Pari. 37 E. 3. nu. 38. “ As the Things granted in this Parliament were new, and not known “ before then, the King alked the Commons if they would have the Things fo granted, by way-of Or-“ dinance or Statute ?” And they anfwered, that, “■ It was good to have them by way of Ordinance, “ and not by Statute, to the end that if any Thing required Amendment, it might be amended at the “ next Parliament (1).” It may be collected from this Record, that, though the Law demanded was •new, yet if it'was fuch as might Hand with the old Laws, and did not alter any Statute then in force, it might pafs indifferently by way of Ordinance or Statute ; whereas if it changed any old Law, it muff have been by Statute: As is farther evident from the following Record. Rot. Pari. 22 E. 3. nu. 30. “ The “ King, by the Afient of the Lords, made Anfwer that Laws and Procefs heretofore ufed could not be “ changed, without making new StatutesBut after all, it muff be confeffed that whatever the Right was, yet fo irregular was the Practice, that a great Number'of printed A efts, as Prynne obferves, refute this Diilindtion. In fliort, Adis are, by the Legiflature, frequently called Ordinances; and Ordinances again are as frequently filled A£ts of Parliament.or Statutes: And fometimes the Words Aft and Ordinance are coupled together. Therefore perhaps the only Difference, if any, between them is, that Bills entered with the Royal Affent on the Parliament Roll, were called Ordinances, and when entered on the Statute Roll, were filled Statutes. In fhort, however they may be verbally diftinguifhed, their Operation was the fame.

t Their Petitions were fometimes flightly regarded, being frequently referred to the Confideration of the Council out of Parliament, or perhaps totally thrown alide. Sec Cotton s Abr. Tit. Petition, Coun-ce], &c. pajjitn.

|| The antient Records furnifh us with many Inflances of Complaints, made by the Commons on thofe Heads. In the 21 Ed. 3. they pray, that Petitions which be for the Common Profit may be anfwered in Parliament before them, fo as they may know the Indorfement, and have Remedy according to Ordinance of Parliament. See Rot. Pari. 21 E. 3. nu. 8.—In the 5th of Rich. 2. they pray that they might view the Ordinances before they were confirmed. See Rot. Pari. 5 R. 2. nu. 23.

§ In the 51 of Ed. 3. we find an Impofition laid without the Confent of the Commons; and the fame King, in the lafl Year of his Reign, tacitly referves a Right of taxing them without their Confent. For upon a Petition, praying, “ That the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Commons, Citizens and Burgeffes <c of England, be not thenceforth charged, &c. but by common Affent, £3V. the King anfwered, That “ he is not at all willing to do it, without great NeceJJity, and for Defence of the Realm, and where he “ may do it with ReafonRot. Pari. 51 E. 3. nu. 25.—In the firft Year of Rich. 2. Money was raifed without Affent of Parliament. Maddox's M. S. No. 14. Tit. Pari. Two Commiflions were granted for the fame Purpofe in the 2d of Hen. 4. without Affent of Parliament. See Cottons Abr. p. 406. nu. 22. In 21 R. 2. Affeffments were made upon Counties out of Parliament by the King’s Letters Patent

only.

xiii

(i) Among the Ordinances on this Roll, is-one for regulating Apparel: And it is obfervable that, “ the *c Chancellor, by the King’s Command, charged the Commons, at their Return into the Country, to “ fhew and publifh the Ordinance of Apparel, to the end that every one might wear Apparel agreeable “ thereto.” This ferves to explain in what Manner thofe Adis which were not entered on the Statute Roll, nor confequently proclaimed by the Sheriffs, were made known to the People.

Never-

xtv

P R

E	F A C	E

Neverthelefs the Commons, in the Reign of Rich. II. had gained a very confider-able Afcendancy; for, in the firft Year of the fucceeding King, they even attempted to ihare with the Lords in their judicial Capacity : But the Archbilhop of Can~ terbury, by the King’s Command, told them, that “ they were only Petitioners j “ and that all Judgments appertain to the King and to the Lords, • unless it were “ in Statutes, Grants, Sublidies, or fuch like j the which Order the King “ would have from that Time to be obferved.”

By this concluding Exception, we find the legiflative Right of the Commons exprefsly acknowledged in Terms, yet it was ftill fo little regarded in Practice, that it was again invaded the very next Year : And the 2d of Hen. IV. c. 1 5. was palled, though the Commons never alfented to it, but, on the contrary, difavowed it -f*. The Force of that A£t, neverthelefs, was felt till the Reigns of Hen. ViII. and Ed. VI. Nay, afterwards, in Mary’s,-=Time, till its final Repeal in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth. Inftances of this Kind probably gave Birth to the Petition in the 8 of Hen. IV. when “ it was enadted, at the Requeft of the Commons, that cer-“ tain of the Commons Houfe fhould be prefent at the engrafting of the Parliament “ Roll J.”

But, notwithftanding thefe Securities, Adts ftill continued to be pafled without the Commons Afient; and they were, from Time to Time, compelled to renew their Claim of Right in this Behalf, which they did in 2 Hen. V. in the following ftrong Terms.

cc Oure Soverain, your humble and trewe Leiges that ben come for the Comens £< of your Lond, by.feeckyn onto your rigt Wiflenefle. Tha fo o as hit hath evere “ be thair Libertie and Freedom, that thair fliould be no Statut no Lawe be made “ of lafle than they yaf thereto thair Afient, confideringe that the Coe || of your “ Lond, the whiche that is, arid evere hath be a Membre of your Parlement, ben “ as well AJj'entors as Peticioners : That fro this Tyme fore ward, by Compleynte <f of the C'omens of any Mifchief, axhinge Remedie by Mouthe of their Speker tc for the Comens, other elfe by Peticion vvriten, that ther nevere be no Lawe “ made thereuppon and engrofed as Statut and Lawe, nother by Addicions, nother “ by Dimunucions, by no Maner of Terme ne Termes, the whiche that fholde '<f chaunge the Sentence and the Intente axhed by the Speaker Mouthe, or the Pe-“ ticions bifore faid, yeven up yn Wrytyng, by the Manere forfaid, withoute Af-“ lent of the forefaid Comens, confyderinge oure Soverain Lord, that it is not in “ no wyfc the Entente of oure Comens, gif hit be fo that they axhe you by fpe-tc kyng or by writyng too Thynges or three, or as manye as theym luft, but that

only. Maddox M. S. No. 12. Tit. Pari.—As a Proof that Adis were often pafled without their Concurrence or Aflcnt, we find in 6 Rich. 2. an A£t, made in the laft Parliament, revoked, and the Caufe af-figned is, bccaufc the faid Statute was never affetited to, nor granted -by the Commons. It is obfervable, •neverthelefs, that the A6t of the 6th Rich. 2. was never printed, as Lord Coke affures us, and the Statute of the 5th, though pajfed without the AJJcnt of the Commons, was, as it is faid, put in Execution, and continued in Force till it v/as repealed by 1 Ed. 6. c. 12. and 1 Eliz. c. t. See Rot. Pari. 6 R. 2. nu. 52. And fee Cotton's Abr. p. 354. where there are feveral Inftances of Adis pafled without the Aflcnt of the Commons.

<<

E Sec Fox’s A£ts and Monaft. And4lnft. c. x. \ See Rot. Pari. S II. 4. nu. 65.

|| Sic in Orig.

evere

PREFACE.	'	xv

evere it fionde yn the Fredom of your high Regalie, to graunte which of thoo “ that you lufte, and to wernne * the Remanent.”

To this the King gave the following Anfwer. “ The Kyng, of his Grace efpe-«■< cial, graunteth yat fro hensforth nothing be enadfed.to the Peticions of his Com-“ mune, yat be contrarie of hir afkyng, wharby they fliuld be bounde ’without thair “ AjJ'ent, favyng alwey to our Leige Lord his reall Prerogatif, to graunte and de-“ nye what him lull of their Peticions and afkynges aforefaid -f-.”

Before this Petition, it was ufual, upon entering the Bill on the Statute Roll, to make Additions, Diminutions and Alterations whereby the A£t was made to vary materially from the Subftance of the Commons Petitions, and fometimes framed diredtly contrary to their Senfe and Meaning. Several Inftances of this Kind occur on the Rolls; but it will be iufiicient. to mention one, which is extremely remarkable, viz. the 36 Ed. III. fiat. 1. c. 15. providing that all Pleas fhall be pleaded in the Eng/ifiJ: Tongue, which is the Purport of the Petition on the Parliament Roll; but on the Statute Roll, we find thefe Words added—“ And that they be entered and “ inrolled in Latin fi &c. which Words are not on the Parliament Roll ||.

Neverthelefs this Bill of the 2 Hen. V. did not wholly remove the Evil j for many inconveniencies frill arofe, from the Method of extracting and drawing up the Statute, from the Petition and Anfwer on the Parliament Roll. To remedy which, about the End of Hen- VI. and the Beginning of Ed. IV. the Practice was introduced, or rather revived, of reducing the Petitions, even in the firft Inftance, into the full and compleat Form of Adts of arliament, which were commonly entered in this Form—Item Qua:dam Petitio exhibit a fuit in hoc Parliament 0 Formam Actus in fie continens §.

This Form prevailed many Years, but the Title at length was difufed, the Method, in other Relpedts, ftill continuing the fame as it is at prefent, the Bill being drawn up, in the firft Inftance, in the Form of an Adi, and brought to the Sovereign for his Alfent.

The Power of the Commons, however, in thefe and the fucceeding Reigns, was daily increafing; and the civil Wars between the Houfes of York and Lancafier, contributed to extend their Influence. For Competitions of this Nature, however fatal to Individuals, never fail of adding Weight to the Body of the People 4.. In

all

* Wernne is a Saxon Word, which fignifics to deny or refufe.

+ Rot. Pari. p. r. Mem. 3. N. 22.

J See Glanville’s Speech, in Rujhwortlfs Collection, Vol. I. p. 574. which perhaps is one of the moil nervous, fpirited, and mailcrly Pieces of Oratory in the Englijh Language.

|j Vid. Rat. Pari. 36 Ed. 3. nu. 38. For farther Inftances of this Kind, fee Maddox's MSS. in the Britifb Mufeum, entitled Expeditions Rillartm Antiquitas, which contains a very circumftantial Account of the antient Method of palling Bills: And, as the Editor is informed, will ihortly be made public.

§ See Hale's Hift. of Common Law.

4-	The Editor is aware that the celebrated Sidney has declared himfelf of a different Opinion. Speaking of the Quarrels begun upon perfo'nal Titles, .between Stephen and Maud; the Houfes of York and Lanca-thr, idc. he fays'the People get nothing by the Victory which way foever it fall. But in this he feems to

3	contradidl

xvi

PREFACE.

ffilcontefled Titles, they are courted by each Party, and whoever prevails, is diredled by Policy to have his Title recognized by them, and to fecure the Continuance of their Favour and Support, by fome Enlargement or Confirmation of their Privileges. Add to this, that the Power of the Nobility beginning to decline, they were glad to gain the Commons to their Party, which farther extended the Influence of the reprefentative Body.

During thefe Contefls, however, when civil Rights were fo far from being eAa-blifhed, that the primitive Rights of Juftice and Humanity were daily violated, the-Bufinefs of Legiflation was varioufly and irregularly conducted, both in Form and SubAance. And there feems to have been no fettled Precedent for penning the enadting Claufes *, till the 13th of Charles II. fiat. 2. c. 2. when the Form now in Ufe firA took Place.

Our Judgment, however, with regard to the antient Adis, ought to be guided by the PraSlice of thofe Times; and it would, with Submiffion, be very unreafonable to deny the Validity of any of the antient Statutes, upon the Principle laid down in the Books; that is, becaufe the Aflent of the Commons is not exprefled ; fince it is evident, that their Aflent, after it was allowed in Terms, was often over-ruled in Pradlice : That where we may fafely prefume their Aflent was given, it frequently was not exprejj'ed in the Adi: And that there was not any fettled Form of declaring the Concurrence of the feveral Ellates of the Kingdom.

T T remains now, in farther Support of the early Statutes, to take Notice of fome more extenfive Objections, which are not levelled againft the Authority of any particular Adi, but are calculated to overthrow the Statutes in general of feveral whole Reigns. Of this Nature arc the Principles maintained by the anonymous Author of a Treatife, intitled, “ The hereditary Right to the Crown of England aflerted,” who hath boldly objected to all the Laws pafled during the Reigns of thofe Kings, whom he ftiles Kings de fadlo, on pretence that they are voidable; And as an Inflance that they loft their Force for want of Confirmation, he hath cited 10 Hen. VI. which Ed. IV. refufed to confirm.

This flrange Reafoning has been contraverted by Mr. Cay-j-; but as that Gentleman, in the Courfe of his Animadverfions, has advanced fome Principles which are

at

contradidb the concurring Teftimony of Hiftorians. Stephen, in order to fecure his tottering Throne, granted a Charter, by which he endeavoured to conciliate the Favour of all Orders. To the Clergy, he undertook to fupply all vacant Benefices—To the Nobility, that they fhould not be profecuted for hunting in the Forefts—And to the People, that he would remit the Tax of Danegelt, and reftore the Laws of King Edward. Henry 4. likewife was obliged to court Popularity ; and the Commons, during his Reign, exercifed very large, and, til! then, unufual Powers: The Particulars of which may be feen in Cotton’s Abridgement. And Prynne, in a Note upon the Abridgement, takes notice, that the Commons young Speaker [Sir John TipioftJ took more upon him, at this Time, than .ever Speaker did before him. It is true, when thefe Candidates for Royalty are well fettled in their Thrones, they then apply themfelve's to abridge and refeind their Grants, and to lower that Power which has exalted their own: For to preferve the Liberties of a Nation, is a fpecies of Magnanimity, to which moll Heroes are unhappily Strangers.

* This loofe Method of penning the enae.ing Claufes prevailed even in the Reigns of Elizabeth, James, and Charles the Firft. See 13 Elios, c. 20.	18 Eliz. c. 11.	3 Jac. c. 16.	7 Jac. c. 6.	16 Car. 1.

c. 10. with many others of the like Form.

t The Editor takes this Opportunity of obferving, that, however he may fee Occafion to difient from Mr. Cay, yet h'c would be always underftood to exprefs bimfelf with the Regard fojuftly due to the Memory

P R

xv n

E F A C E.

at leaft contravertible, it may not be improper to re-confider the Subjedt, and to endeavour, at leaft, to throw fome additional Light on thole diiputable Points.

In Anfvver to the Inftance of the io of Hen. VI. cited in the Treatife above mentioned, Mr .'Cay argues as follows:

“ There does appear,” faith he, “ upon the Parliament Roll of the io Hen. VI. “ a Petition and Anlwer for the Purpofe of the Payment of the Judges Wages, “ which I fuppofe the learned Author would inlift was the Adt of Parliament that “ was refuted, to be confirmed. But it will be hard to draw any Inference of “ Weight'from hence: It is plain, that antiently Adts of Parliament had not the “ Royal Alfent compleat, till they had it under the Great Seal. The King’s An-“ fwer in Parliament was a full Warrant to the Lord Chancellor, to draw it up “ upon the Statute Roll, and put the Great Seal to it; but till that was done, it had “ not (antiently) the Force of a Law to bind the People. Many Bills are entered “ on the Parliament Roll, with the Anfwers to them, but with a Refpedinatur. alfo : “ And I think none of thefe are reputed to have the Force of a Law. Di/jimula-vimns “ Jicut opportuit, & dictum pretenfum Statutum Sigillari permifmus ilia vice, are the “	Words of King Ed. III.	15 Ed. III.	Stat. 2. See alfo 4 Hen. IV. c. 13. and 25

“	Hen. VIII. c. 20. § 2.;	and	Mayn.	Ed. II. fob 265. Now this Adi of io Hen.

“ VI. Stat. 2. never was drawn up into a Statute, nor fealed as fuch, but has a “ Refpedluatur entered againft it; fo that if King Henry had continued in Poffef-f<	lion of the Crown, this	Adt	would	have Rood in Need of a re-enabting Force,

“	even in his Reign, as well as	in the	Reign of Ed. IV.” So far Mr. Cay.

Now fhould we admit the general- Dodtrine here endeavoured to be eftablifhed, it would tend to invalidate the Force of fome old Statutes, which have, by great Authorities, been deemed unqueftionably binding. If we confult the Parliament Rolls, whereon the Petitions of the Commons are entered with the Kings Anfwers, we fhall find, that, to Petitions of a public Nature, the King’s AfTent is entered in thefe Words, Le Roy le voet. By fuch Anfwer, the Royal AfTent was compleatly given, and the Bill acquired the Force of a Law, before it paffed the Great Seal, and was entered on the Statute Roll. If the Diflindtion may be allowed, we might fay that the Parliament Roll contained the Subfiance, and the Statute Roll, the Form of the Law. When entered on the latter, the Tenor of it, as hath been obferved, was affixed to Proclamation Writs, which were diredted to the feveral Sheriffs, commanding them to proclaim the Adt as a Law in their re-fpebtive Counties : But the Adt, efpecially if it did not require Novel Ley, as above explained, was in all Refpedts valid, before fuch Entry and Proclamation; in the fame Manner as an Adt at this Day, after the Royal AfTent given, is a compleat Law, before it is printed: For Printing comes in Lieu of the antient Promulgation by the Sheriff. And fuch Method of Proclamation heretofore ufed, was, as Lord Chief Juftice Holt * obferves, but a mere Act of Grace. If an Offence, therefore, had been committed againft an Adt of Parliament, before Proclamation, the Offender had been at the King’s Mercy, and he could not have pleaded Ignorance of the Law : For this manifeft Reafon—Becaufe all Perfons are bound to take notice

moryof that very able Editor, and worthy Man, to whole Labours he acknowledged! himfelf greatly indebted.

* See the Caufeof the City of London verf. Var.acker, 1 Lord Raymond 501.

VOL. I.

of

xviii	P R E F A C E.

of Ads of Parliament, they being fuppofed to be prefent at the enacting of them, either in Perfon, or by their Reprefentatives -f\

The Point, however, concerning the Validity of an Aft, extant on the Parliament Roll only, and not entered on the Statute Roll, was very amply difcuffed at the Trial of the Earl of Macclesfield J. On that Occafion, the n Hen. IV. which was entered on the Parliament Roll only, was produced, and Rrongly infilled on by the Council againft his Lordfhip, in their Reply. Serjeant Pengelly, in particular, maintained that the Parliament Roll was the Original, as being the Warrant for the Statute Roll, and therefore of greater Authority. In which Principle he was, in Subftance, afterwards fupported by Mr. Wefl.

After much Litigation on this Head, a Queftion was propofed by Mr. Onflow, which decided the Matter in Controverfy. The Queftion was. Whether the King's Afl'ent was not entered on the Parliament Roll? To which Mr. Holmes, the Keeper of the Tower Records, and the Perfon then giving Evidence, anfwered,—That it was entered, in thefe Words,—“ Le Roy le voet which manifellly proved that the Royal Aflent was compleat, and that the Ad under Confideration had the full Force of a Law.

Upon this Occafion, the Point concerning the Refpedluatur alfo came under Debate : For the Earl, among other Objections to the 11 Hen. IV. would have inferred its Invalidity, from the Circumftance of its being entered with a Refpedhiatur pef Dominion Principcm & Concilium. But this Objection did not prevail, and it was inftfted that the Refpite given by thefe Words, did not deftroy its Operation ||.

Concerning the Authorities cited by Mr. Cay, it is to be obferved, that with re-fpeCt to the 25 of Hen. VIII. c. 20. though it is a Confirmation of the 23 Hen. VIII. concerning Reftraints of Payments of Annates, &c. yet this Confirmation was made

t This Doftrine was maintained very early; for in the Cafe of a Premunire 39 Ed. 3. upon the Statute of 27 Ed. 3. of Provifions againft the Bifhop of Cbichefter, Serjeant Cavendijh, ofCounfel with the Bifhop objefted two Things: Firft, that the Aft, whereupon the Writ was grounded, was no Statute ; Secondly, that if it were a Statute, it was never publifhed in the County. To whom Sir Robert Thorpe, Chief Juftice, anfwered, Although Proclamation be not made in the County, every one is bound to take "Notice of that which is done in Parliament; for, as foon as the Parliament hath concluded any Thing, the Law intends that every Perfon hath Notice thereof; for the Parliament reprefents the Body of the whole Realm, and therefore it is not requifite that any Proclamation be made, feeing the Statute took Ef-feft before. 3 Injl. 26.

X See State Trials, Vol. 6.

|| Lord Coke, who firft printed this Aft, gives us to underftand that the RefpcPtmtur in the Margin, was

entered by the Prince---“ A ftrange Prefumption,” fays he, ‘e ivitbout Warrant -of the King his Father

“ and of the Parliament, to caufe fuch a Refpehluatur to be made to an Act of Parliament.”-—-His Lordfhip adds,, that the Prince, “ did the like to another Aft in the fame Parliament, concerning; Attornies, “ the liie whereof was never done in any former or latter Parliaments.” KT The Aft which his Lordfhip here fpeaks of, is the 11 PJ. 4. nu. 63. for reducing the Number of Attornies, &e. which was thought fo grievous, that, in the thirteenth Year of the fame Reign, they prayed that it might bz modified in the prefent Parliament. See Rot. Pari. 13 H. 4. nu. 49. ’ But if they had not confidered it as a valid Act, notwithftanding the RefpeHuatur, it would have been unncceftary for them to have petitioned the King in Parlianie?it, for a Modification of the Bill. Befidcs if a RefpeSluatur, entered by we know not whom, had the Power of fufpending the Operation of a Law, which had folemnly received the Royal Aficnt, it would in Fact defeat the Purpofc of the Lcgiflaturc, and amount to a clifpenfing Power.— Bifhop Nichclfon likewife fpeaks of the Lntry of this Refpefiuattir, as one of the Prince’s Frolicks. SeeNichofm’s Hiftorical Libraries.

in

PREFACE.

in Purfuance of a Power fpecially given by a Claufe in the faid Adi, of the 23d, enabling the King, within a limited Time, to declare, by his Letters Patent, whether it fhould take Effedl as an Adi, or not*.

As to the Words of Ed. III. Hifjimulavhnus, &c. they ought to be buried in Oblivion and in Truth it is manifeft, from the foregoing Obfervations, that no conclufive Argument can be deduced from this Confefiion, fo inglorious to Majefty.

Concerning the 4 of Hen. 4. c. 13. which confirmeth the r, 18, and 25 of Ed. Ilf. nothing can be inferred from thence, that thofe Statutes had not the Force of a Law, before their Confirmation : For it is well known, that, according to the fimple Policy of antient Times, when Laws were not duly obferved, they could de-vile no better Expedient of enforcing them, than by re-enadling them with Claufes of Confirmation. But fuch Confirmations are no Evidence that the Adis, till then, had not the Force of a Law. The Great Charter hath been confirmed more than thirty Times, yet no one will infer from thence, that it was not a compleat Act in the firll Inflance. In Truth, the Confirmation of an Adi did not add to its legal Efficacy, but, by bringing it more recently to Memory, under the Authority of the Legillature, was thought to make the Dread of Non-Obfervance the greater.

In the Year-Book of Mayn. Ed. II. it mull be confefled that an Objection is there made to the Expojitions of the Statute of Gloucefer, becaufe they were not under the Great Seal. But this appears to have been an Objedtion obiter, and nothing was determined on that Point. If any Determination, however, had been made, re-fpedting its Invalidity, yet, it would not have fufficient Weight to overthrow fubfe-quent Authorities.

With regard, however, to the, principal Queflion arifing on this Adi of 10 H. VI. the Premiffes on which the Author of the Treatife above named refteth his Argument, do not warrant his Conclufions. The Denial of Confirmation, faith he, was equivalent to annulling or declaring it void. But this Inference by no Means follows. For an Adi once valid, •f* can only be made void, by an exprefs Repeal: And a bare Refufal of Confirmation, only leaves the Adi in the State wherein it flood before.

* The Reafon of giving this Power, was that the Operation of the Adi might be fufpended, in order to afford Opportunity of inducing the Pope, by perfuafive Means, to redrefs the Grievance of thofe Ex-adtions: And it appears by the Preamble to the Adi of the 25th, that the Pope had been adlually made acquainted with the Contents of the former Adi, and that gentle Means had been ufed to prevail on his Holinefs to reform the Abufe complained of; which proving ineffedtual, the King ratified the Adi, in Purfuance of the fpecial Power given fo him by the Claufe above recited, gj? Note, The Adi of the 23 d. is not printed in any of the Statute Books, but will be inferted in the Appendix to this Edition.

t It is obfervable that this Writer does not attempt to impeach the Validity of this Adi on any other Principle, than the Defedl, as he conceives it, of the Sovereign Title : And to this it may be objedted, that the very Diltindtion itfclf of a King (le Fatto and cle jfure, is nugatory ; for every King in the adlual Adminiftration of Government, whole Authority is recognized by the other Branches of the Legillature, is a King de Jure. A parliamentary Settlement, doth unqueftionably give as firm a Title to Sovereignty, as any hereditary Succeflion whatever : And the flavilh Arguments urged by the Advocates of hereditary Succeflion, tend to preclude Men from their natural and unalienable Right of R.efiftance againll Tyranny and Oppreffion. '

C 2

H A V IN G-

•XX	PREFACE,

TTAVING thus endeavoured to obviate the Objections which have been made to ■*- the Validity of feveral Adis printed in former Collections, and continued in this, it may be proper to take Notice of a Complaint, frequently made concerning the vaft Multiplicity of our Statute Laws, which has been deemed the Occafion of fuch Confufion and Perplexity, that a Propofal to reduce their Bulk, was long fince recommended to the Parliament from the Throne itfelf •f-, at a Time when the Statute Laws of this Kingdom, were not an Eighth Part fo voluminous as they are at prefen t.

It hath been obferved %, that in early Times former Laws were confidered no longer in Force, than as they were preferved in the laffc Publication ; and by this Means, it is faid, the Laws were kept within narrower Bounds, until they were greatly enlarged, both in Number and artificial Conftrudtion, by King Edward I. ||.

This Method, it may be allowed, was well adapted to prevent the Statute Code from fwelling to an inconvenient Size; but it may be worth while to confider, whether, had this Practice been continued, it might not, in fome Refpedts, have proved of Prejudice to Pofterity.

If, upon the Promulgation of a new Law, all former Laws thereby fuperfeded, had been configned to Oblivion, how many curious and ufeful Pieces of Antiquity would have been loft; and how many Lights to Jurifprudence would have been utterly extinquifhed ! If all the Laws which have been altered or repealed by fubfe-quent ACts, or which, being grown old by the Introduction of new Habits and Cuftoras, do not agree with the prefent State of the Ernies, were to be left out of our Statute Books, how greatly would Pofterity be at a Lofs to account for feveral Infti-tutions, which are only to be explained by Reference to thofe venerable ReliCts of Antiquity!

It may be*a Question therefore, whether an Attempt to contract the Bulk of our Statute Code by fuch Expedients, might not prove an Innovation more dangerous than ufeful; there being many repealed and obfolete Adts, which though they do not govern, are yet very proper to guide; as they frequently contain Matter of

•f King James I. in one of his Speeches to Parliament, exprefieth himfelf in the following Terms.

“ There be in the Common Law clivers contrary Reports and Precedents; and this Corruption doth like-

wife concern the Statutes and Adis of Parliament, in refpedt that there are divers crofs and cuffing Sta-“ tutes, and fome fo penned, as they may be taken in divers, yea, contrary Senfes: And therefore would “ I wifh both thofe Statutes and Reports, as well in the Parliament as Common Law, to be once ma-l< turely reviewed and reconciled, and that not only all Contrarieties fhould be feraped out of our Books,

“ but even that fuch Penal Statutes as were made but for the Ufe of the Time (from Breach whereof no “ Man can be free) which do not now agree with the Condition of this our Time, ought likewife to bzleft out “ of our Books, which, under a tyrannous or avaritious King, could not be endured; and this Reforma-“ tion might, methinks, be made a worthy Work, and well deferves a Parliament to be fat of Purpofe for “ it.” See Lord Coke’s Remarks on this Speech, in his Pref. to 4 Report.—The fame Propofal was made in a Speech by Sir Francis Bacon, Lord Keeper in Queen Elizabeth’s Time—And again, in an Ad-drefs to the long Parliament.

X See Mr. Cay's Preface,'—and Mr. Serjeant Hawkins, upon the Statute of 44 H. 3. Vol. 7. fol. 622. Appendix, No. 1.

|| I he narrow Bounds of the Statutes, in thofe early Times, were not perhaps altogether owing to the Means here fpoken of, but to the low State of Trade and Commerce, and the little Attention paid to the Rights of public Liberty.

curious

PREFACE.	xxi

curious Learning, and may often ferve the Purpofe of hiftorical Proof and II-luftration.

It is indeed to be lamented, that our Penal Laws are fo numerous; but perhaps this is an Inconvenience unavoidably refulting from the wide'and extenfive Concerns of a commercial Kingdom:	Though a State confined within a narrow Sphere

of Adtion, may be very vicious, yet the Modes of Vice will not there be greatly diverfified : Offences will multiply, as the Purfuits and Occupations of Mankind grow more various and diffufive : And in a Kingdom fo jealous of its Liberty, as to leave as little as pofiible to diferetionary Power, every Offence muft be precifely de-feribed; therefore it is well obferved by Montefquieu, that the Multiplicity of our Laws is a Price we pay for our Freedom *.

On this Occafion, however, it may not be improper to obferve, that our Statute Laws, with refpedt to criminal Offences, feem to breathe too much the Spirit of Draco’s; all Degrees of Offence being confounded, and all Proportion of Punifh-ment deftroyed : Whence many Delinquents are, with cruel Precipitancy, hurried out of the World for flight Tranfgreflions, who, by prudent and adequate Correction, might be made ufeful to themfelves and to Society.

Men bewildered in the Maze of Stoic Sophiftry, may revolt againfl the obvious Principles of Nature, and contend for the Necefllty of commutative Juftice ;

But Reafon evidently declares, that Punifhments fhould, as nearly as poffible, bear Proportion to the Offences committed : And though this Rule cannot, in fome Cafes, be ftridtly adhered to, yet it ought, in general, to be the guiding Principle.

■---------------------  Adjit

Rcgnla, peccatis quee pcenas irroget ceqnas :

Nec fcutica dignum, horribili fell ere Jlagello.

Experience fufficiently evinces, that extraordinary Severity has never produced any lafting Effedt. It has indeed been fometimes found to check the Evil for a Time, but then, as Montefquieu obferves, it has returned with the fame Violence as before. To render the intended Effects permanent, the Laws fhould be adapted to the Genius of the People, and the Nature of the Conftitution : And it would be a Talk well worthy the Wifdom of the Legiflature, fo to model them that they may better anfwer the true Ends of Government, which are to "prevent, rather than to puniih Crimes -f-

* They who exclaim againft the Multiplicity of our Laws, are fond of quoting the Paflage in Tacitus, where he fays, CorruptiJJhna Re/'publica, plurbnes Leges; but they fhould confiJer that the Hiftorian does not throw this out as a general Reflection, but as applicable to the particular Circumftances of Rot;? during the licentious Authority of the Tribunes; when, in Contravention to the Laws of the twelve Tables, particular and partial Laws were made by the Influence of private Men : The twelve Tables provided that no Laws fhould be made by private Perfons, and that no capital Punifhments fhould be adjudged, but at the Comitia Centuriata. The frequent Revolutions however among the Romans, rendered thefe Provifions ineffectual; for whenever the lawlefs Attempts of an ambitious Leader prevailed, the Ufurper inftantly commenced Legiflator: And confequently in this corrupt State of the Commonwealth, the Laws, as Ta~ chits obferveth, were very numerous. See Cicero pro Sextio—And Id. pro Domo fua.

f Perhaps it might be fhewn, that the prefent unequal Syftem of our Criminal Laws, is not calculated even to anfwer the End of deterring Offenders: But this would open into a Field of Argument, too wide to find Place here, and may well demand a Treatife of itfelf.

Per-

xxii	PREFACE.

Perhaps many other Amendments might likewife be made by legiflative Authority : And many Irregularities in the Frame of our Statutes might be corrected without any Hazard of Inconvenience. Several Laws enlarged, explained, continued or revived by fubfequent Statutes, might be reduced into one Adt •f': And where various Matters, in no wife relative to each other, are comprized in the fame Statute, they might be digefted and clafied under their proper Heads.

IN the present Edition, fome Attempts have been made, which may, perhaps, in no fmall Degree, obviate the abovementioned Inconveniencies, refult-mg from the confufed and irregular State of our Statute Law.

With a View to this End, great Care has been taken to corredt the Errors, and fupply the Defedts in former Colledtions, by rectifying many miifaken and imperfedt References £, and by fpecifying the Operation of the Adis referred to; that is, by diftinguifhing whether they repeal, enforce, explain, amend, continue, or revive-the Adt under Confideration. Moreover, where the Statute referred to contains Matter relative to Subjedts of different Natures, the Reader is diredted to the very Sedtion which regards the Objedt of his Inquiry : And for the Sake of greater Accuracy, particular Attention hath been paid to place the Adt referred to, where it hath been found pradticable, diredtly oppofite to the Cl aufe-affected by the Reference. Many thoufand new References likewile are added in this Edition, which are brought down to the prefent Time, in a progreflive Chain ; and alfo traced upwards in Chronological Order, by which Means the Reader will have the Statute-Law relative to the Subjedt of his Purfuit, under his immediate Infpedtion ||..

Such a connedted View will obviate the Fatigue and Difficulty of tedious and intricate Searches. By this ready Method of comparing fubfequent Statutes with thole preceding, the Reader may fee how the Law flood at fucceffive Periods, may perceive wherein it was ineffectual, and, by attending to the progreffive Alterations and Amendments which have been made, he will be more ealily led to the true Meaning and Defigmof the Adts under his Confideration.

It is to this End likewife that many Statutes, though obfolete or expired, are, in-this Edition, inferted at length, in their proper Order of Time, which are only abridged in the later Editions. Of this Kind are the iff of Rich. III. c. i. concerning Adts of Cejlui que life-, the 34 and 35 Hen. VIII. refpedting Bankrupts; and alfo-the 39 Eliz. c. 3. relative to the Poor Laws, with feveral others which feem to be of Ufe to give the Reader a connedtive Idea of the fucceffive Provifions of Law on thefe material Heads. By having the Statute at large before him, he has the Benefit of the Preamble, which, as Lord Coke obferves, is a good Guide to dilcover the Meaning of the Adt, or rather a Key which opens to the Knowledge of it : and it is a Rule of Law, that the Preamble muff be taken for Truth. The Preamble generally fets forth the Mifchief intended to be remedied, and, by having the

+ See Preface to TFood's Inftitutes.

X By imperfedt References is to be undcrftood, thofe which refer the Reaoer to the Year of'the King’s-Reign, and the Chapter, but do not fpccify the particular Statute: And, as it fometitnes happens, that-;here arefive or fix Statutes in the fame Year, the Omiflion often occafions great Perplexity and Trouble.

| Many additional References likewife will be made to the Report Books,

Chain

PREFACE.	xxiii

Chain of Ads under his Eye, the Reader may perceive how the Remedy operated, and how it was counteracted, by which Means he will be better able to judge of the full End and Scope of the Legiflature, with refpeCt to the Subjedt of his Inquiry.

It has been thought proper likewife to infert at length, in its proper Order, the ACt of the 13 Eliz. for making the River Lee navigable; as alfo the 12 Geo. II. for improving its Navigation, a great deal of Property being fecured and governed by thofe ACts.

In this Volume neverthelefs,,the Reader will obferve, that, of fome antient Statutes, which are printed at length in the laft Edition, the prefent Editor hath inferted the Titles only, referring to the Appendix or additional Volume, where the Statute will be given at large. As the Ads thus referred to, contain Matter moftly of Curio-fity, which can be of Service only to the learned Refearchers into Antiquity, it was judged proper to referve them for the Appendix, in order to relieve thofe who read folely with a View to Information in the pradical Part of the Profeffion, from the Incumbrance of antiquated Materials, totally ufelefs with relation to their Pur-fuits. Such therefore may, either take or leave the additional Volume, as their Inclination fhail dired them.

Concerning the Statutes in general which are repealed, obfolete, or expired, they will be carefully diffinguiffied by particular Marks; feveral obfolete Terms likewife will be explained : And as many repealed and obfolete * Ads, as hath been obferved, contain Matter of curious Information, and frequently ferve to explain and illuftrate obfcurc and difficult Pafiages in Hiflory; therefore all fuch as appear molt ufeful in thefe Rcfpeds, will be printed in the Appendix; except they are in their Nature connected with fome material Head of Inquiry, fuch as the Ad of Cejiui que life,

I	R. III. c. 1. and others above mentioned, in which Cafe, they will be inferted in their proper Order of Time.

With refped to the Turnpike Ads, the Plan purfued in former Editions will be followed in this. With regard to the Land-tax Ads, a different Method will be obferved : For, in former Editions, even of the firff Ad of this Kind, the Title only is printed, though it governs the fubfequent Ads, and though Affeffinents are made from it. But in the prefent Edition, the firff Ad will be given at large, and of the fubfequent Statutes of the fame Kind, Abffrads only will be made except where any Claufc occurs, which varieth in Subffance from the prior Ads : In which Cafe, fuch Claufe will be inferted at length. The fame Flan will be purfued with relped to the Malt-Tax, and other annual, Ads.

* The Words, Repealed and Obfolete"are often confounded, and indifcriminately ufed. But an Aft repealed, feems to imply a Statute which has loft its Force, by virtue of a fubfequent Act, which directly orders itsEffeft to ceafe, over that Subjeft upon which it was made to operate, leaving the Subjeft itfelf ftill in being : Whereas what is ufually, and perhaps improperly, called an obfolete Aft, is that which lofes its Effeft confequentially, by the Annihilation of the Subjeft itfelf, on which alone its Power could operate.

Of this Kind are all the Afts concerning feodal Tenures, they being rendered obfolete by 12 Car. 2. which abolifhes the Tenures themfelves. The fame may be faid of the Statutes concerning religious Houfes, in like Manner rendered obfolete by 31 Hen. 8. for the Diffolution of Monafteries, &c. In thefe In-ftances, the Statutes of Charles the Second, and Henry the Eighth, do not formally repeal the Feodal and Monaftic Laws, but render them obfolete by deftroying' the Subjefts .themfelves, over which alone their Force could extend. Where the Subjeft is deftroyed, the Adjunct drops of Courfe. It may be proper to obferve, however, that though the Editor has retained the Word Obfolete, which has been ufed in all former Editions, yet he apprehends that it would be more accurate to fay that thefe Laws were Superfeded ■, fince no Law, in our Conftitution, can be properly^termcti Obfolete.

3

With

PREFACE.

With regard to the Order of Time in which the Adis are printed, the Editor hath adhered to the Plan of former Editions, though perhaps, in many Inftances, the Years of the King’s Reigns are not rightly ftiled. The Statute de Confpirato-ribus, for Example, is printed not only in Serjeant Hawkins s and Mr. Cay s, but in all the old Editions*', as the 31 Ed. I. Neverthelefs it hath been faid, by great Authorities, to have been made in the 21ft -j~. Many Statutes likewife palled in a Seffions which began one Year, and continued to another, are ftiled Adis of both Years, which in Stridlnefs perhaps ftiould have been ftiled Adis of the firft Year only. All Statutes refer to the firft Day of the Seffion, unlefs it is otherwife provided by the Adi J. Upon this Principle, it hath been held by the Court, with refpedt to the 22 and 23 Car. II. c. 20. that the printed Statute is falfe, and that it was an Adi of the 22d Car. II. For though the Seffion extended into both Years, jet it commenced the 24th October, 22A Car. II. confequently was an Adi of that Year §. The Editor, however, has rather chofen to adhere to the Stile which has been fo long in Ufe, that it may be deemed communis error, than take upon himfelf the Charge of redlifying fuch Inaccuracies.

In a Colledlion of this Extent and Importance, an enlarged, perfpicuous and cor-redl Table, is one of the moft eflential Requifites ; therefore the Editor propofes to make a new Table or Index, alphabetically arranged. In this Table, which will be annexed to the End of the VUIth Volume, many general Heads, omitted in former Editions, will be fupplied : Many particular Articles likewife will be added, which are not taken Notice of, under the general Heads inferted in prior Editions; and Endeavours will be ufed to arrange the whole with fuch Order and Perfpicuity, that the Reader may be enabled to find all the Laws at one View, on whatever Subjedl he may have Occafion to turn his Attention.

Here it may not be improper to take Notice, that many Statutes printed in former Editions, and continued in this, have been held, by Writers of great Name, not to be of Record. Of thefe, the Reader will find a long Lift in Coke’s 4 Inft. c. 1. Lord Hale’s Hift. of the Common Law, and the Table to Cotton s Abridgment. Moft of them however have, by the Diligence of later Inquirers, been found to be upon Record.

With refpedl to thofe mentioned by Lord Coke ||, Prynne obferves, that all of them,

* It is fo printed in Berthelef s Edit. 1543—Likewife in Rajlall’s Abr. 1583—Alfo in Pulton’s Kalendar, 1617—And laftly, in Rajlell’s Statutes at Large, 1618.

4 See 2 Inft. 562.—and Holt’s Argument. Savil verf. Roberts, 1 Ld Raymond 378.

| See 4 Inft. 25.

§ It may not be improper to add that the Courts at Wcjhninjler, are bound to take Notice of the Beginning of all Parliaments. But they take no Notice of Adjournments, though heretofore Adjournments and Prorogations were confidered as the fame Thing : And it was faid by Treby Chief Juftice, in the Cafe of Birt and Rothwell, that the Word Prorogation was not found upon the Rolls, till the Time of Edward the Fourth (1). Their Effects however are, at this Day, eftentially different. See Bin. qui tarn verf. Roticell. 1 Lord Raytn. 210 and 343.

I) 20 Ed. 3. (N. B. It is printed as the 18. in the Stat. Books.) 27 Ed. 3. c. 4, 5, 6, 7 £5' 8. (N. B. Colton fays nothing of the 4th Cap.) 37 Ed. 3. c. 7 & 19.	2 R. 2. Stat. 1. c. 5.	2 R. 2. Stat. 2. c. 3.

7 R. 2.

(1)	In this Point, the learned Judge appears to have concluded too haftily ; for we meet with the Word Prorogation on the Rolls of the eighth of Hen. 6. Sec Rot. Pari. 8 Hen. 6. nu. 16.

excepting

P R E F A

C

E.

xxv

excepting the firft concerning the Judges Oath, though not to be found on the Par~ liament Rolls of the refpedtive Kings, are yet to be feen at large on the Statute Rolls of thefe Years: And indeed they are all, except the Judges Oath, printed in Mr. Cay’s Edition, Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond. Concerning the Judges Oath, Pryhne remarks farther, that it was not printed in but before the Parliament : And from feveral fubfequent Statutes, which take Notice of this Oath, he prefumes, not without Reafon, that it was of Record, though not now to be found.

As to the Adts mentioned by Lord Hale, his Lord/hip faith, with his ufual Candour and Caution, that they are not of Record, that he knows of: And, from the Note underneath J~, the Reader will perceive, that the learned Judge had good Reafon to fpeak with Diffidence. Neverthelefs, as his Lordihip and others have obferved, it is no Impeachment of the Validity of an antient Statute, that it is not to be found upon Record : And it has been held, that nul tiel Record cannot be pleaded to the Allegation of any fuch Statute : For an Adi of Parliament made within Time of Memory, lofeth not its Force, becaufe not extant on Record : Since, of general Adts of Parliament, the Courts of Common Law are bound to take notice without pleading of them ; and fuch Adis fhall never be put to be tried by the. Record, upon an Iffue of nul tiel Record, but they /hall be tried by the Court, who are to ufe, for their Information, antient Copies, Tranfcripts, Books, Pleadings, and Memorials : For, if the Authority of a public Statute, could not be maintained without the Original Record, it would be in the Power of any one, who could de-ftroy /rich Record, in Effedl to repeal the Statute itfelf. Therefore fuch Defedts. are falved by traditional and universal Reception.

As there are fome Statutes however in Print, which are not to be found upon Record, fo there are feveral upon Record, which have never yet been printed. Lord Coke has enumerated many of this Kind J, but the Reader will meet with

7 R. 2. c. 15. 19 R. 2. c. 3. (N.B. Cotton adds c. 4 & 5.) 11 R. 2. c. 4, 5 Is 6. 13 R. 2. Stat. i„

t.	11, 15, 19 iA 20. 14 R. 2. c. 7. 17 R. 2. c. 8 & 9. 27 H. 6. c. 3. fh" Moft of the Adts in this Lift are to be found in the T able to Cottons Abr. But Cotton mentions farther 15 R. 2. c. 9 & 12. 16 R. 2. c. 1. (And, according to him, c. 5. concerning Praemunire, does not agree with the Record.) 8 H. 6. ■c. 28 is 29. and 18 H. 6. c. 3. But thefe likewife are of Record, and are printed Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond.

•f The Statutes of Merton, Marlbridge, Wef. I. Explanatio Statuti Gloucefria, De Cbampertio, De Vifu Eranhplegii, De Pane itf Cervifia, Articuli Inquifitionis fuper Stat. de Winton, Circumfpecle agatis, De Dijlriflione Scaccarii, De Confpirationibus, De Vocatis ad Warrant’, Statut. de Carliol, De Prerogativa Regis, De Modofaciendi Homag’, De Wardls & Releviis, Dies Communes in Banco, Stat. de Bigamis, Dies Communes in Banco in Cafu Confimili, Stat, Hibernia, De quo Warranto, De Effoin calumpniand’, 'Judicium Collijirigii, Defrangentibus, Prifonar’, De Malefactoribus in Parcis, De Co?tfultatio?iibus, De Of-' ficio Coronatoris, De ProteSiionibus, Sententia lata fuper Chart as. Modus levandi Fines, Statut. de Gavelet, De Militibus, De Vafo, De Amo Biffextili, De Appcllatis, De Extenta Manerii, Compofitio Menfearum, Vel Computatio Menfarum, Stat. de quo Warranto, Ordinatio de Inauifitionibus, Ordinatio de Forefta, De Admenfura Terra (1), De Dimiflione Denarior’, Stat. de quo Warranto Novum, Ne Redtor Profternat Ar-bores in Ccemeterio, Confuetudines & Affifa de Forcfa, Compofitio de Pondcrilus, DeTallagio, DeVifuTer-rse & Servitio Regis, Compofitio UlnarumiA Perticarum, De Terris amortizandis, Dictum de Kenelworth,' ipc. ttT The Adts diftinguifned by Capitals, are printed Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond.—Thofe in Italicks, Ex Cotton MS.—The reft are from old MSS.

J 11 Ed. 3. for the Creation of the Duke of Cornwall, by Authority of Parliament. (The Parliament Rolls of this Tear are lof, but this was held to be a Statute in the Prince’s Cafe, 8 Rep.) — 3 R. 2. nu. 39.

concerning

(1)	The Adt De Admenfura Terras has been held to be a Stat. See 2 Inft. 737.	1	Lord	Raym.	638.

But fee Crohc James 602. contra.

Vol. I. '*	d

feveral

xxvi

PREFACE.

feveral in the Appendix to this Edition, not taken Notice of by his Lordfhip, or to the Editor’s Knowlege, by any other Perfon whatever 5 of which fome contain Matter of great Ufe, as well as Curiofity.

It now remains to fay fomething with regard to the Tranflation. It has been ob-ferved by Mr. Serjeant Hawkins, that the old Tranflation hath obtained a kind of prefcriptive Authority : And, he adds, that it is eafy for the Reader to corredt the Miftakes in it, by the Help of the Original. But, with Deference to the’Serjeant’s Sentiment in this Refpedt, it muft be obferved, that the Tranflation is intended for the Benefit of thofe who are not qualified to refort to the Original; therefore the Editor hath ventured to corredt fuch Miftakes as were moft obvious in the old Tranflation, and hath endeavoured throughout to make it more conformable to the Original. In the early Statutes, the Errors of the Verfion are exceedingly numerous, more particularly in the Statute de Officio Coronatoris. In many others likewife, the Reader will perceive frequent, and very material Miftakes. Never-thelefs, as it might juftly be deemed Prefumption to alter the old Tranflation, which, by long Ufe, hath acquired a kind of prefcriptive Authority, it hath been judged proper to leave the Text, as it ftands in former Editions, and to infert the propofed Amendment in the Margin, whereby the learned Reader will be able to determine for himfelf, and may either adopt or rejedt the Marginal Alteration, as his better Judgment {hall diredt him.

The Editor hath obferved the fame Method throughout; having every where left the Text, as it is printed in the laft Edition, and inferted in the Margin fuch Alterations and Additions as he hath thought proper to make, which are diftin-guifhed by an Italick Type. He rather chofe to adopt this Plan, that the Errors and Inaccuracies, which may have efcaped from his Pen, may be more open to De-tedlion. The Reader, therefore, is apprized, that, for every Word printed in Italicks, the prefent Editor ftands accountable.

Middle-Temple.

1762.

OWEN RUFFHEAD.

concerning Juft ices of the Peace. (N. B. There being no fuch Number, this is probably intended for 1 R.

2.	nu. 62. for allowing Fees to JuJlices of the Peace ; which Conjecture is the more probable, fince his Lord-J,hip adds that the A£t he mentions was a profitable Law for the JuJlices.) 8 R. 2. nu. 31. of the Jurii'diiEtiou of Conftable and Marfhall. (N.B. This hath been fince printed.)—20 R. 2. nu. 29. for legitimating the Children of John Duke of Lancajler.—5 H. 4. nu. 24. for Muftering of Men. (N. B. This hath been fince printed.)—8 Hi 4. nu. 36. exempting Clergy from muftering Men.—11 H. 4. nu. 28. againft Bribery and Brocage in great Officers, Judges, tAc.—11 H. 4. nu. 63. concerning Attornies.—6 H. 6. nu. 27. that no Man lhall marry any Queen of England, without the King’s Licence. (N. B. The Bijhoj.s gave a conditional AJJent to this Bill, i. e. fo far as the fame did not f verve from the Law of Gocl, and fo as the fame ion-ported no deadly Sin)—9 H. 6. nu. 24. concerning Fees of King’s Council and other head Officers, Lfc,

A TABLE

A

T A B L E

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS from Magna Chart a in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Henry III. King of England\ &c. to the End of the Reign of King Henry VI.

Anno g Henrici 3.

MAGNA CHARTA, or the Great Charter, containing Thirty-feven Chapters.

Cbarta Forcjles, or the Charter of the Foreft, containing Sixteen Chapters.

Anno 14 Henrici 3.

T HE Statute of Ireland.

Anno 20 Henrici 3.

THE Statutes made at Merton, containing Eleven Chapters.

Anno 21 Henrici 3.

T HE Statute of the Leap Year.

v	Anno	38 Henrici 3.

QEntentia lata fuper Chartas.

Anno 51 Henrici 3.	_

THE Statute of Bread and Ale.

The Statute concerning common Days inTank.

The Statute concerning common days in a Writ of Dower. The Statute of Diftrefles in the Exchequer.

The Statute of the Exchequer.

The Statute of the Pillory and Tumbrel.

Anno 52 Henrici 3.

THE Award made between the King and his Commons at Kenclworth.

The Statutes made at Marlelerge, or Marlborough, containing Twenty-nine Chapters.

The Sentence of Curfe given by the Bilhops, againft the Breakers of the Great Charter.

Anno 3 Edwardi.

THE Statute of IVeJlminJlcr the firft, containing Fifty-one Chapters.

Anno 4 Edwardi.

AStatute for the Extent of a Manor.

A Statute touching the Office of Coroners.

The Statute of Bigamy, containing Six Chapters.

,	Anno	6 Edwardi.

THE Statutes made at Gloucefter, containing Fifteen Chapters.

An Expofition upon the Statute of Gloucejler.

Statute of Jhio JVarranto, the Firft.

Anno 7 Edwardi.

AStatute forbidding bearing of Armour,

The Statute of Mortmain.

Anno g Edwardi.

A Corre£tion of the Twelfth Chapter of the Statute of Gloucejler, touching calling Foreigns to Warranty in London.

Anno 10 Edwardi.

A New Statute of the Exchequer, called the Statute of

Rutland.

Anno ir Edwardi.

T HE Statute of Adton Burnell.

Anno 12 Edwardi.

QTATUTE of Wales.

Anno 13 Edwardi.

THE Statute of Wejhninjler the Second, containing Fifty Chapters.

The Statute of IFincheJlcr, containing Six Chapters.

The Statute of Merchants. •

The Statute of Circumfpedte agatis.

A Statute for the City of London.

The Form of Grants, and of Exemplification of Charters.

Anno 14 Edwardi.

THE Statute of Exeter.

Articles of the Statute of Exeter. d 2

Anno

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Anno 17 Edward).

ORdinatio pro Jiatu Hibernia, containing Eight Chapters.

Anno 18 Edward!.

THE Statute of Wejlminjier the Third, viz. Quia emptores terrarum, containing Three Chapters.

The Statute upon the Writ of Quo Warranto.

The new Statute of Quo Warranto.

The Manner of levying Fines.

Anno i Edwardi II.

A Statute of Knights.

The Statute of Breakers of Prifon.

Anno 3 Edwardi z.

A Statute made at Staundford, being a of 28 Edw. I.

Dc Statuto pro Clero inviolabiliier obfervando.

r

Confirmation

Anno zo Edwardi.

THE Statute of Vouchers.

A Statute of Wafte.

The Statute De defcnfione juris.

The Statute of Money.

The little Statute of Money.

Articles of Money.

Anno zi jEdwardi.

THE Statute of Perfons to be put in Affifcs,

The Statute of Trefpaffers in Parks.

Anno 24 Edwardi.

/■J^HE Statute upon the Writ of Confultation.

Anno 25 Edwardi.

A Confirmation of the Charters of the Liberties of England, and of the Foreft, containing Seven Chapters. The Sentence of the Clergy, given againft the Breakers of the Articles above written.

Anno 27 Edwardi.

THE Statute of Fines levied, containingFourChapters." An Ordinance of purchafing Liberties.

Stat. de Fcil/a Moneta.

Anno 28 Edwardi.

A Statute of Wards, and Reliefs".

A Statute for Perfons appealed by Approvers. Articles upon the Charters, containing Twenty Chapters.

Anno 29 Edivardi,

A Statute of Efcheators.

Anno 31 Edwardi.

AN Ordinance of Meafures.

Anno 33 Edwardi.

T'HE Statute of Protections.

A Definition of Confpiratorsj The Statute of Champerty.

An Ordinance for Inquefts.

An Ordinance of the Foreft.

An Ordinance of meafuring of Land.

Anno 34 Edwardi.

THE Statute of Joint-tenants.

Articles oflnquifition upon the Statute of JVinchefler. A Statute of Amortihng Lands.

A Statute de Tnllagio non conccdendo, containing Six Chapters. Ordinatio Forefta, containing Six Chapters.

The Oath of the Sheriff.

Anno 3 5 Edwardi.

STatutum de Apportis Rcligioforum, containing Four Chap-ters.

Stat. ne ReAor profiernat arbores in catmeieritf.

Anno 7 Edivardi 2.

A Statute, that none fhall be impeached for the Return of Peter de Gavejion.

A Statute that none fhall be impeached for the Taking and Death of Peter de Gavejion.

Anno 9 Edwardi 2.

ARTICLES for the Clergy, containing Sixteen Chapters.

A Statute for Sheriffs, made at Lincoln.

Anno 10 Edwardi 2.

Statute of Gavelet' in London.

Anno 12 Edwardi 2.

THE Statute of York, containing Six Chapters.

The- Statute-of Effoins.

Anno 14 Edwardi 2.

Statute of Sheriffs, and the Green Wax.

Anno 15 Edwardi 2.

THE Statute of Carlijle, concerning Fines levied.

AStatuterevokingthePardongranted to the Defpenfers* A Statute, that none mall be impeached for Eelonies or Trefpaffes In the Profecution of Hugh le Defpenfer, Gfc. The Form of the Charters thereon.

A Statute revoking the Pardon granted to the Profecutors of Hugh le Dcfpinfer, &c.

Anno 16 Edwardi 2.

A Statute revoking an Eftablifhment of the Houfhold.

A Statute of Eftreats.

Anno 17 Edwardi 2.

THE King’s Prerogative, containing Sixteen Chapter's* The Manner of doing Homage and Fealty.

Statutum de Terris Templariorum.

Anno 18 Edwardi 2.

A Statute for View of Frankpledge.

Temporibus incertis.

ARTICLES againft the King’s Prohibition.

An Ordinance for Bakers and Brewers and other Victuallers; and for Ells, Bufhels, and Foreftallers, containing Ten Chapters.

The Statute called Ragman, of Tuftices afligned.

The Cuftoms and Affife of the Foreft, or the Articles of Attachments of the Foreft.

The Statute of Arms at Tornaments.

A Statute of View of Land, andEffoinof the King’s Service. A Statute of Juftices afligned.

A Compofition of Ells and Perches.

A Statute of the Writ of Inquiry to be granted of Lands to be put in Mortmain.

The

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

The Statute of Jewry. .

A Statute of the’ Chatties of Felons.

The Statute for Tenants by the Curtefy of England. Prohibition on the Articiili Cler'i. .

Articles'and'Oaths'of the'King’s Mirilfters in Eyre. Of the Great Affife, and Battle.

Of the Divifion of Pence.

Anno i Edwardi III.

1.	\ N Aft, that none be grieved for the Purfuit of

King Edw. II.

.	2. A Confirmation of the Ertile of Sir Hitgh

Spencer and his Son,

3.	An Adnullation of Fines levied to the Spencers.-

4.	An Aft of Trial of an Averment in Writs of falfe • Judgement.

5.	An Aft touching Averment again!! Returns of Bailiffs of Franchifes.

6.	An Aft concerning Attaint, as well upon the Principal, as upon Damages in Trefpaffcs.

7.	An Aft again!! Gaolers, that compel Prifoners to make Appeals.

,8. An Aft'again!! Offenders in Forcfts.

Other Statutes tnade at another Parliament in the fame Tear.

*. A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Fore!!.

2.	How every Perfon may ufc his Woods within the Fo-reft; feizing of the Temporalties of Bifhops.

3.	A Confirmation of King Edward the Second’s Pardon to the Jews, and all others.

4.	An Aft for ordering the Kind’s Debts.

5.	An Aft limiting how far the Subjefts fhall be bound to go to the Wars.

6.	An Aft for the Tax of the Aid granted to the King.

7.	An Aft for Wages to be given to Soldiers.

8.	An Aft that no Money be taken for fair Pleading.

9.	A Confirmation of Liberties of Cities and Boroughs.

10.	There fhall be no more Grants of Corodies at the King’s Requeft, byBifhops, Abbots, (Ac.

11.	An Aft, that no Suits be made again!! Indiftors in Spiritual Courts.

12.	No Forfeiture but a Fine fhall be made for Alienation of Lands holden of the King.

13.	Purchafing of Lands holden of the King as of fome Honour.

14.	- An Aft again!! Maintainers of Quarrels.

15.	None fhall be bound by writing to come armed to the King.

16.	- Who fhall be Juftices of the Peace.

17.	- Indictments to be by.Indenture in Sheriffs Turns.

Anno z Edwardi 3.

1.	A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Char-jt\ ter of the Fore!!.

2.	In what Cafes only Pardon of Felony fhall be granted : Who fhall be Juftices of Affife.

3.	No Man fhall come before the Juftices, or go or ride ’ armed.

4.	A Confirmation of the Statute of Lincoln, for Sheriffs.

5.	An Aft for Delivery of Writs to Sheriffs to be executed.1

6.	A Confirmation of the Statute of Winchejler, and for affigning Power to Juftices of the Peace.

7.	An Aft for Punifhment of Felons and Murderers.

8.	An Aft that Right be not delayed to the Subjefts.

9.	An Aft that all Staples fhall ceafe.

10.	The King’s Pardon of Fines forfeited.

if. The Common Bench fhall not be removed without Warning by Adjournment.

12. Hundreds and Wapentakes fhall be annexed to Counties, aqd not let to farm, rj. Ah Aft for Procefs in Trefpafs done in: the Time of King Edward the Second. ,

14.	For the meafuring and Affife of Clpth.

15.	An Aft for Fairs to be holden in their ufual Time.

16.	An Aft for Nifi prius to be granted as well at the Tenant’s Suit, as at the Demandant’s.

17.	An Aft touching' Writs of Deceipt given in a Scire facias in a Plea of Land,

Anno 4 Edwardi 3.

1.	A. Confirmation of the Great Charter, the Charter of Jr\ the Foreft, and of all Statutes not repealed.

2.	The Authority of Juftices of Affife, Gaol-delivery, ahd of the Peace.

3.	An Aft touching Purveyance of the King and Queen’s Houfes.

4.	A Confirmation of the Statute of 28 Ed. i.flat.3. c. 2, touching Purveyors.

5.	The King’s Pardon of certain Fines.

6.	A Confirmation of the Statute of Carlijte.-

7.	Executors fhall have an Aftion of Trefpafs for a Wrong, done to the Teftator.

8.	An Aft touching the Paftage over the Seas at Dover.

9.	Sheriffs and Bailiffs fhall have fufficient in the County, to. Sheriffs and Gaolers fhall receive Offenders without'

taking any Thing.

11.	Juftices of Affife fhall inquire of Maintenance, Confpi-racy, and Champerty.

12.	An Aft for the Sale of Wines.

13.	A Confirmation of the Statute of Northampton, made 2 Edw. 3. for granting of Pardon;

14.	An Aft for a Parliament to be holden once every Year.

15.	An Aft for Wapentakes and Hundreds to be letten at the old Farm.

Anno 5 Edwardi 3. t. A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Char-JX ter of the Foreft.

2.	An Aft again!! the King’s Purveyors.

3.	A Confirmation of the Statute of Carlifle, touching Religious Houfes.

4.	An Aft that Sheriffs and other Officers fhall have fufficient in the County.

5.	The Penalty if any do fell Ware at a Fair after it is ended.

6.	Nifi prius fhall be granted in Attaint, but no Efloin or Protection: Days given.

7.	Attaint fhall be granted in Trefpafs, if the Damage pafs 401.

8.	The Marfhals of the King’s Bench fhall not bail Felons.

9.	An Aft that none be attached or judged, .nor outed of his Lands or Goods, contrary to the Great Charter.

ic. An Aft for Punifhment of Jurors that take Money to give their Verdift.

11.	Procefs again!! thofe that be appealed, indifted, or-outlawed in one County, and remain in another.

12.	An Aft for Allowance of Charters of Pardon-in;Outr-lawries at the Suit of the Party.

13.	An Aft touching the avoiding Outlawries by Imprifon-ment.

14.	An Aft for arrefting of fufpefted Perfons and Night-walkers,

Anno 9 Edwardi 3. i> A N Aft that Merchant Strangers may freeely fell all £\ manner of Merchandizes to whom they will without Difturbancc.

%. An

The TITLES of

2.	An Aft that no Man fhall lofc his Land bccaufe of

Notiplevin.

5.	A11 A<£t limiting what Efloins fhall be allowed to Executors being fued for the Debt of the Teftator.

4.	An Act for Trial of Deeds, dated where the King’s Writ runneth not.

5.	An Aft that Juftices of Affife, idc. fhall fend their Records to the Exchequer.

■ Other Statutes made in Parliament the fame Ninth Year.

1.	A. N Aft that no Sterling Money nor Plate be carried J~Sl out of the Realm.

2.	An Aft that no falfe Money be brought into the Realm.

3.	An Aft that no Sterling Halfpence nor Farthings be molten by Goldfmiths.

4.	An Aft whereby Black Money is prohibited to be current.

5.	For Puiraliment of the Offenders of this Statute.

6.	An Oath of Merchants and Shipmafters, that they fhall not offend this Statute.

7.	An Aft for Tables of Exchange.

8.	An Aft for Paflage of Pilgrims at Dover only.

9.	An Aft: for Search, that no Money or Plate be carried out of the Realm, nor falfe Money brought in.

10.	An Aft: for the Wages of Searchers, and their Punifh-ment.

11.	An Aft that Hoftlersin every Port be fworn to fearch their Guefts.

Anno 10 Edwardi 3. Stat. 1.

1.	A Confirmation of the Great Charter, the Charter of /I the Forcft, and of all Statutes not repealed.

2.	An Aft that no Pardon be granted againft the Statute made at Northampton, Anno 2 Ed. 3. c. 2.

3.	They that have Charters of Pardon, fhall -find Surety for their good abearing.

Statutes of Purveyors made the fame Tenth Year. Stat. z.

1.	'Tp'HfNGS purveyed for the King’s Houfc fhall be

JL praifed, and Tallies made thereof.

2.	The Sheriff'fhall make Purveyance for the King’s Horfes.

3.	Certain Pprfons fhall be appointed to hear the Offences of the Keepers of the King’s Horfes.

Articles fent to the feveral Sheriffs for preferving the Peace of the Kingdom till the Meeting of .the next Parliament, annexed to the preceding Statute.

Stat. 3,

ffTatutum de Cihariis utendis, editum apud Nottingham.

Anno 11 Edwardi 3.

1.	A N Aft againft Carriage of Woolls-out of the Realm.

. Jt\. z. An Aft againft wearing of outlandifh Cloth.

3.	An Aft againft bringing of foreign Cloths into the Realm.

4.	An Aft concerning the wearing of Furs.

5.	An Aft licencing Clothworkers of ftrange Lands to come and dwell in England, and other the King’s Dominions.

Anno »4 Edwardi 3.

■1. A Confirmation of Liberties of the Church, and the f\ Great Charter.

2 Q 3. An Aft of the King’s Pardon.

4.	An Aft whereby Prefentment of Englefchrie is abolifhed.

5.	An Aft for Redrcfs of Delays, in Judgments in the King’s Courts.

fj. An Aft for Amendment of Records.

7.	How long Sheriff's fhall tarry in their Offices.

8.	An Aft concerning F.fchcators and Coroners.

5.	An Aft concerning Bailiffs errant, and againft letting to Farm of Hundreds and Wapentakes.

the STATUTES.

10.	Sheriffs fhall have the keeping of Gaols.

11.	The Clerk of the Statutes fhall be refident upon his Office.

12.	An Aft for true Weights and Meafures.

13.	An Aft touching Wafte done by Efcheators in Wards Lands.

14.	An Aft for Writs of Search.

1;. An Aft againft granting of‘Pardon to Felons.

16.	An Aft touching the granting of Nift prius before any Juftices.

17.	An Aft touching a Juris Utrum, and other Writs maintainable for Parfons, Vicars, Provofts, (Ac.

18.	A.n Aft againft vouching to Warranty a dead Perfon.

19.	An Aft: againft Purveyors.

20.	An Aft: of Subfidy and Fifteen.

21.	An Aft of Subfidy of Woolls, and Cuftom for the fame.

Other Statutes made in the fame Fourteenth Year. Stat. 2.

1.	a N Aft touching the Subfidy.

f \ 2. An Aft that all Merchants Strangers may have fafe Conduft.	.	j

Statute concerning the Clergy made in the fame Fourteenth Year. Stat. 3.

A Statute made at JVeJlminfler, April 16. Anno \yEdix).

3.	Stat. 3. reeiting fome former Grants, and limiting the Cuftom on Wooll, Plate, is'e.

Stat. 4.

1.	AN A.ft that fpiritual Perfons Goods be not taken by il the King’s 'I'akers.

2.	An Aft touching Prefentments to Churches made by the King in another’s Right.

3.	An Aft againft feizing the Bifhops Temporalties into the King’s Hands,

4	id 5. Afts againft Wafte done by Efcheators in Bifhops Temporalties,- and who fhall have them during the Vacation.

Stat. 3.

AN Aft that the Subjefts of England fhall be out of Subjection of the Kings of France.

Anno 15 Edwardi 3.	1

1.	A N Aft for the Maintenance of the Great Charter and jT\_ of other Charters.

2.	An Aft concerning Trial by Peers.	-	■

3.	The Chancellor and other great Officers to fvvear to keep the Laws.

4.	An Aft for Offices to be feized into the King’s Hands in Time of Parliament.

5.	An Aft appointing who fhall punifh Ufury.

6.	Adinifters of the Church fhall not anfwer before the King’s Juftices for Things done touching the Jurifdiftion of the Church.

Another Statute made the fame Fifteenth Year. Stat. 2. A Revocation of the faid former Statute, made 15 Ed. 3.

Another Statute made the fame Year. Stat. 3.

AN Aft for a Subfidy of Woolls, and other Things concerning Woolls, containing Seven Chapters.

Anno 17 Edwardi 3.

^^N Aft for the Searching of Money.

Anno 18 Edwardi 3.'

A Statute for Declaration of Exigents.

Anno

The TITLES of

Anno 13 Edwardi 3. St at. 2.

(, A N Aft for ceafing of Commiffions of new Inquiries,

2.	An Afb touching Juftices of the Peace.

3.	An Aft for Porting and buying of Woolls.'

4.	An Aft to repeal Commiffions for Eflay of Weights and Meafures.

5.	An Aft touching Exigents in Trcfpafs.

6.	An Aft for the new Money and the Exchanges.

7.	When the King’s Wages to Soldiers fhall begin and end.

Other Statutes the fame 18 th Year for the Clergy. Stat. 3.

1.	A Triennial Difme granted to the King by the Clergy. J~\. towards his War in France.

2.	An Act for Trial of Bigamy.

3.	Againft purchafing Lands in Mortmain.

4.	Confirmation of the Statute of Purveyors.

5.	Touching Prohibitions.

6.	Temporal Juftices fhall not make Commiffions, to inquire of Procefs made by Spiritual Judges.

7.	Touching Scire facias for Difmes.

Stat. 4.

'"J“'HE Oath of Juftices.

Stat. 5.

T HE Oath of the Clerks of the Chancery,

Anno 20 Edwardi 3.

1.	AN Aft that Right be done by Juftices to all Men.

2.	Jfx. An Aft that Right be done by the Barons of the Exchequer.

3.	An Aft for the'Oath of the Juftices of Affifes and Gaol-Delivery.

4.	None fhall maintain any Quarrels but their own.

5.	Lords and great Men fhall put fuch out of their Service which are Maintained of Quarrels.

6.	Juftices of Affife fhall inquire of the Demeanour of Sheriffs, and other Officers.

Statutes of Labourers, Anno 23 Edwardi 3.

1.	trT7HAT Perfons fhall be compelled to labour.

2.	VV An Aft that labourers retained depart not within their Term.

3.	4, id 5. For Labourers Wages.

6.	For Viftuallers.

7.	For Beggars.

8.	For Artificers.	x	y>

The Statute of Labourers, made Anno 25 Edw. 3. r, 2, \ X7 HAT Wages Labourers and others fhall take. id 3. W 4. For Cordwainers, and other Artificers.

5.	For Punifhment of the Offenders of this Statute.

6.	An Aft againft Extortions by Sheriffs, idc.

7.	An Aft for holding of Scflions, and againft unlawful Departure of Servants. 1

Another Statute made the fame 25 th Year. Stat. 2. ^P^N Aft touching fuch as be born beyond the Seas.

A Statute for the Clergy, made the fame 25//; Year. Stat. 3.

I.	A Confirmation of all Liberties granted to the Clergy., Jfy. 2. An Aft for Repeal of an Aft made 14 Ed. 3. cap. 2. touching the King’s Prefentment to a Church of another’s Right.

3.	An Aft that the King’s Title fhall be examined when he. prefents to a Benefice.

4.	For Clerks convift of Treafons and Felonies,

the STATUTES.

3.	Clerks fhall be arraigned of all their Offences.

6.	Touching feizing of Temporalties, and taking Fines of Bifhops for Contempts.

7.	The Incumbent may plead againft the King in a Square Imp edit.

8.	For Cognizance of Matters pertaining to the Church.

9.	Touching Indiflments of Extortions of Ordinaries.

A Statute for Clothes made in the fame 25 th Year. Stat. 4.

1.	a, N Aft for meafuring of Clothes.

2.	An Aft for Viftual and other Merchandizes to be fold by Merchants Strangers without Interruption.

3.	An Aft againft foreftalling of Wines.

4.	An Aft for pulling down of new Wears.

A Statute of Purveyors made in the fame z^th Year. Stat. 5.

I.	A N Aft touching Purveyors for the King’s Houfe. f\ 2. An Aft for Declaration of Treafons.

3.	No Indiftor fhall be put upon the Inqueft of the Party indifted.

4.	An Aft that no Man be condemned by Suggeftion, without lawful Prefentment.

5.	An Act touching Aftions brought by. Executors of Executors.

6.	An Aft againft Takers of Wood or Timber for the King.

7.	An Aft for the gathering of the Forefters.

8.	None fhall be conftrained to find Men of Arms.

9.	Auncel Weight abolifhed.

10.	An Aft for true Meafures.

II.	For reafonable Aid to make the King’s Son Knight, or to marry his Daughter.

12.	An Aft for Exchange of Gold and Silver.

13.	An Aft againft impairing of Money.

14.	What Procefs fhall be awarded againft Men indifted of Felony.

13. Againft Purveyors taking more Sheep than be needful.

16.	Exception of Nontenure of Parcel fhall not abate the v/hole Writ.

17.	Touching Procefs of Outlawry in Aftions of Debt, Detinue, and Replevin.

18.	Touching Villenage.

19.	Touching Proteftions granted by the King.

20.	For Plate to be received into the Mint by Weight, and returned in Money by Weight.

21.	For taking Wines by the King’s Butler.

22.	Againft Provifors to the Court of Rome.

23.	Againft Lombards that efcape out of the Realm being in Debt.

Other Statutes made in the fame 2 <yth Year. Stat. 6,

A Statute of Provifors.

Stat. 7.

A Statute of the Form of levying of the Fifteen.

Anno 27 Edwardi 3.

1.	A GAINST Provifors to the Court of Rome.

<\ 2. Touching Charters of Pardon for.Felonies.

3.	For Commiffions to be awarded to redrefs Viftuallers, and Dearth of Viftuals.

4.	For Aulnage and Affife of Clothes, and a Subfidy granted upon every Cloth. -

3.	Foreftalling of Gafcoigne Wines, Felony.

6.	For Merchants of Gafcoigne lately to bring their Wines.

7.	That it fhall be Felony to fojourn in Gafcoigne, and buy Wines there by Englijh Merchants,

8.	For gauging of Wines,

’	'	m

The TITLES of

The Statute of the Staple, made the fame 27 th Tear.

I.	\T7 HERE the Staple fliall be kept.

VV 2. All Merchants may freely fell all their Merchandizes in the Staple.

3.	Merchants may buy Woolls, Leather, Fells, and Lead in England, fo that they be carried to the Staple.

4.	That none going to the Staple be difturbed by the Purveyors.

5.	The King’s Juftices fliall have no Cognizance of that which pertaineth to the Staple.

6.	That no Marflial or other Minifter meddle with the Staple.

7.	Touching Licence of Pallage of Woolls, Leather, Fells, or Lead.

S.	The Jurifdidlion of the Staple.

9.	For Recognizance of Statutes of the Staple.

10.	For Weights and Meafures of the Staple.

II.	Againft foreftalling of Merchandizes coming to the Staple.

12.	That no Woolls, Fells, Leather, nor Lead, be carried into Scotland.

13.	Touching Goods robbed upon the Sea coming into the Realm.

14.	For bringing of Bullion into the King’s Exchanges.

15.	Concerning Indentures to be made between Carriers of Merchandizes to the Staple by fre/li Rivers, and the Bailiffs of the Towns where they be Shipped.

16.	For the Rent of Places in the Staple where Woolls and other Merchandizes fliall be fet.

17.	That no Merchant Stranger be impeached for others Debt.

18.	Merchants of Ireland and IValcs may bring their Merchandizes to the Staples in England.

19.	That none lofe his Goods by Forfeit of his Servants.

20.	Merchant Strangers taken into the King’s Prcteclion.

21.	The Authority of the Major and Conftables of the Staple.

22.	For Correctors of Strangers and Denizens to be in the Staple.’

23.	For a certain Number of Porters, and other Officers, to be in the Staple.

24.	For Affociation to the Major of the Staple, where any Alien is Party.

23. Nothing to be done in,Prejudice of the Staple.

26.	Credence to be given to the Letters or Oaths of the Owners of Merchandizes coming into the Realm, tefti-fying the true Value of them.

27.	The Penalty of them that be convidt for fliipping of Woolls.'

28.	Confirmation of Privileges and Cuftoms of the Staple.

29.	The Fees of the Mayors and Conftables of the Staple.

Anno 28 Edward,» 3.

1.	/confirmation of all Statutes not repealed.

3.	V> The Lords Marchers in Wake fliall be attendant to the Crown of England, and not to the Principality of Wales.

3.	None to be diffeifed or imprifoned, without due Pro-ccfs of the Law.

4.	How Efcheators and other Officers fliall anfwer the King the Profits of Lands coming to him by the Death of his Tenants.

5.	No Iron fliall be font out of the Realm.

C. For the Election of Coroners.

7.	How long Sheriffs fliall abide in their Offices.

8.	An Attaint fliall be granted as well upon a Bill as upon a Writ of Trefpafs.

9.	No Writ fha.il be directed to a Sheriff to charge an In-queff to Indidi any.

the STATUTES.

* .. ^ *

10.	For Redrefs of Errors, and Mifpriflons in Government in the City of London.

11.	FrefhSuit Ihall be made after Robbers from Country to Country.

12.	Within what Time Purveyances made for the King’s Houfe fliall be paid for.

13.	The Warrant of packing of Woolls fliall be put out, and Inquefts fliall be De medlctate lingua, where an Alien

• is Party.

14.	For fhewing of Woolls every Day at the Staple, except Sunday.

13. An Adi declaring the Bounds of the Staple.

Anno 31 Edward't 3.

1.	/confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter V>i of the Foreft.

2.	Againft the abating of the Prices of Woolls.

3.	For Difcharge of the Eftreats in the Exchequer.

4.	Againft Extortion in Bifhops Officers for Probates of Wills.

5.	The Contents of a Tun of Wine, and the true gauging' of the fame.

6.	Touching Fines and Amerciaments of Labourers.

7.	Juftices fliall enquire of the Offenders of the Laws of the Staple.

8.	What Refufe fliall be made of Wooll. All Woolls fliall be brought to the Staple.

9.	The Chancellor and Treasurer upon Caufe may defer the Paffage of Woolls.

10.	For the Rule and Reformation of the'Victuallers of. London.

11.	To whom the Ordinary may commit Adminiftration, where a Man dieth inteftate, and the Adminiftrators t9 have Actions, as Executors ftiould.

12.	The Chancellor and Treafurer Ihall reform and exa- . mine Errors in the Exchequer.

13.	The King’s Pardon. .

14.	For levying of Efcapes.

15.	At what Time the Sheriff fliall hold his Turn.

The Statute of Herrings, made in the fame One and thirtieth Tear. St at. 2.

]. Ouching Herring, and the Manner of felling thereof.

2.	JL Concerning the Sale of Herrings at Tarmouth.

3.	For Stockfifh.

Other Statutes made the fame 31ft Tear. Stat. 3.

1.	T? OR Fifli coming within the Haven of Blackney.

2.	Ordinances for Fifli.

Stat. 4.

QRdinatio fa A a pro Statu terra Hibernia, containing 19 Chapters.

Anno 34 Edward! 3.

1.	Y? OR Juftices of Peace.

2	£5’ 3. JP For Purveyors.

4.	For making of Panells, and who fliall be impanelled upon Juries.

5.	Auncel Weight abolifhed.

6.	For Weights and Meafures.

7.	Attaint fliall lie as well in Plea real as pcrfonal.

8.	Againft Jurors taking Money for giving their Verdidl.

9.	10, 11. P or Labourers.

12.	There fliall be no Forfeiture of Lands for Treafon of dead Perfons not attainted.

13.	How Efcheators /hall take thejr Inquefts.

14.	For Traverfe of Offices.

15.	Con->

The

TITLES of

the STATUTES.

13. Confirmation of Alienations made by the Tenants of •King Henry the Third, iAc.

16.	Nonclaim of Fines fhall be no Bar.

17.	Merchants, Aliens, or Denizens may come into Ireland.

18.	For them that have Pofleflions in Ireland.

19.	No Cuftom to be paid for Canvafles to pack WooIIs in.

20.	For Paffage of Corn to Callice.

21.	For PaiTage of Woolls.

22.	For Havvks found.

Anno 35 Edwardl 3.

AN Ordinance touching Herrings coming to Yarmouth, and the Hoftellers there.

Anno 36 Edwardl 3.

1.	/confirmation of the Great Charter, the Charter of the Foreft, and of all Statutes not repealed. ■

2,	3, 4, 3, 6. Adis againfl Purveyors.

7.	Of what Things the Major and Conflables of the Staple fhall have Cognizance.

8.	For the Wages of Parifh Priefls.

9.	For Punifhment of the Offenders of the faid Statutes.

10.	A Parliament fhall be holden once every Year,

11.	No Subfidy fhall be impofed upon Woolls without Af-fent of Parliament.

12.	For the Quarter Seflions of the Peace.

13.	Concerning Efcheators.

14.	Fines and Amerciaments of Labourers fhall be to the Ufe. of the Commons.

13. Pleadings fhall be in the Englifj Tongue, and entred in Latin.

36 Edwardi 3. St at. 2.

’QCHE King’s general Pardon.

Anno 37 Edwardl 3.

1.	/confirmation of the Great Charter, the Charter of the Foreft, and all Statutes before made.’

2.	For Writs of Idemptitate nominis.

3.	For the Price of Poultry.

4.	For Clerks of the Exchequer.

5.	Againfl ingrofing of Merchandizes.

6.	For Handicraftfmen to hold them in one Occupation.'

7.	How Goldfiniths fhall make their Silver Veffels.

8,9, 10, 11, rz, 13, 14, 15. Ads for Apparel.

16.	An Ad for Wines.

17.	In what Cafe a Writ fhall not be abated by Exception of Cognizance of Villenage.

18.	How Sugg'eftions are to be purfued, which are made to the King.

19.	Concerning Hawks found.

Anno 38 Edwardi 3.

1.	/confirmation of the Great Charter, the Charter of \_j the Foreff, and all Statutes not repealed.

2.	An Ad licencing all Merchants to buy any Merchandizes.

3.	Fines fhall be taken in the Prefence of the Pledges.

4.	Certain penal Bonds in the Third Perfon fhall be void.

5,	Touching waging of Law in London againfl Papers.

6.	The Penalty of Death put out for carrying Woolls over the Sea.

7.	The Staple to be in England.

8.	Ships not to be loft for a little Thing therein not cu-, domed.

9.	For Punifhment of them that make Complaints to the King, and cannot prove them true, to Lf 11. For feeking Wines in Gafcoigne.

12. Againfl: Jurors, and Imbracers of juries.

Other Statutes made in the fame 38 th Year. Stat. 2,

ST ATUTES made againfl Provifors, containing Four Chapters.

Anno 42 Edvjardi 3.

x.	/confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft.

2.	Confirmation of a Pardon.

3.	None to be put to anfwer, without Prefentment or other Thing of Record.

4.	To whom Commifllons of Inquiry fhall be granted.

5.	Concerning Efcheators.

0.	Confirmation of the Statute of Labourers.

7. That they London fell Vidual at Retail, and none other.

8.	That no Englijh Merchanas go to feek. Wines in Gafcoigne.

9.	For levying of the Green Wax'and Eflreats.

10.	Children born beyond the Sea within the King’s Do-minions fhall inherit Lands in England.

11.	For arraying of Panels of Inquefts.

Anno 43 Edwardi 3.

1.	¥7 OR the Staple to be removed into England.

2.	!/ An Ad licenfmg Englifj, Irijh, and Weljhmen, being . not Artificers, to buy Wines in Gafcoigne, notwithstanding the Statute of 42 Ed. 3. c. 8.

3.	Againfl taking of Wines by the King’s Butler.

4.	Tne King’s Pardon.

Anno 4j Edwardi 3.

1.	/confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft.

2.	For pulling down of Wears, Mills, and Kiddles.

3.	A'Prohibition fhall be granted where a Suit is commenced in the Ecclefiaftical Court for Sylva ccedua.

4.	No Impofition fhall be laid upon Woolls and Leather, other than the Cuftom and Subfidy.

Rotulus Parliament'!, Anno 46 Edvjardi 3.

Anno 47 Edwardi 3.

1.	Tf7 OR Length and.Breadth of Cloths.

JO 2. The Scottijh Groat current for Three Pence.

Anno 50 Edwardi 3. r. /confirmation of the Liberties of Holy Church.

1 > 2. Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft. .

3.	The King’s Pardon in his Year of Jubilee.

4.	After Confultation, no Prohibition fhall be awarded.

5.	That no Minifter of Holy Church be arrefted at Divine Service.

6.	Gifts of Lands or Goods to defraud Creditors fhall be void.

7.	That Woollen Cloths be not carried out of the Realm till they be fulled.

8.	That no Subfidy, nor Aulnage be levied of Irijh Freeze.

Anno 1 Richardi II.

1.	A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, the /■% Great Charter, the Charter of the Foreft, and

of all Statutes not repealed.

2.	Peace fhall be kept, and Juftice indifferently done to all

Men.	)

3.	All Statutes of Purveyors confirmed.

4.	Againfl: Maintenance of Quarrels.

Vol. I.

c

5. Con-

The TITLES of

5.	Confirmation of the Statutes concerning the Exchequer; Puniihmcnt of a Clerk, of the Exchequer making P10-cefs for a Debt paid.

6.	Againft Villains that withdraw their Services.

7.	Againft giving of Liveries for Maintenance.

8.	Touching Protections cum claufula Volumus.

9.	Gifts of Lands or Goods for Maintenance fhall be void, and Affifes fhall lie againft the Pernor of the Profits.

10.	Confirmation of a Pardon granted in the Fiftieth Year of Edward the Third.

11.	None that hath been Sheriff- fhall be Sheriff within Three Years after.

12.	Touching Prifoners of the Fleet fuffered to go at large.

13.	Obligations made by Spiritual Me n to do contrary to the Laws of the"Church fhall be void.

14.	Concerning Tithes.

15.	That no fpiritual Perfon be arrefted during Divine Service.

Anno 2 Ricbardi 2.

1.	rT"'HAT Merchants Strangers may fafely bring any

JL Merchandizes into this Realm.

2.	Againft forcftalling of Wines.

3.	For Merchants and others towards the Weft Parts.

4.	Againft Mariners flying out of the King’s Service without Licence.

5.	Againft Raifers of falfe News or feditious Rumours.

6.	Againft JVelJhmem taking away Women and Maids out of England, and other Abufes.

7.	Urban was duly chofen Pope, and fo ought to be accepted and obeyed. ■

2.	Confirmation of the Statutes of Labourers.

Other Statutes made the fame Second Tear. Stat. 2.

1.	/^Onfirmation of the Liberties of the Church, the

Great Charter, Charter of the Foreft, and of all Statutes.

2.	Repeal of fo much of the A£b made the laft Parliament, as_ toucheth unlawful Afl’emblies in Wales.

3.	For Procefs to be made againft them, which after Gifts made of their Lands and Goods by Collufion, fly to Sanctuary.

Anno 3 Ricbardi 2.

1.	f^Onfirmation of all Liberties and Statutes.

2.	The Penalty of the Aulnager for fealing faulty Cloth.

3.	Againft farming of Benefices of Aliens.

Anno 4 Ricbardi 2.

i.	T70R the gauging of Wines, Oils, and Honey.

A/ 2. The King’s Pardon.

Anno 5 Ricbardi z.

1.	^confirmation of the Liberties of Holy Church, the \j> Great Charter, the Charter of the Foreft, and all other Statutes not repealed.

2.	Againft tranfporting Gold and Silver out of the Realm ; and againft Departure of the King’s Subjects out of the Realm without Licence.

3.	Againft importing or tranfporting of Merchandizes, but only in Englijh Ships.

4.	Concerning the Prices of Wines to be fold in the Realm.

'5. Sweet Wines and Claret not to be fold by Retail in England after the Nativity of Saint John.

6.	The King’s Pardon to thofc that reprefled the late Rebellion.

7.	Manumiflions made by Menace at the late Infurreflion fhall be void.

5.	Againft entering into Lands where it is not lawful.

9.	’I ouching Deeds deftroyed in the late Infurre&ion.

4

the STATUTE S.

10.	Touching Difcharges of Debts and Accompts in the Exchequer.

11.	The Covenants of them that {hall ferve the King in his Wars or Embaffages to be put in Writing, and returned into the Exchequer.

t2. That Accompts in the Exchequer be ftrortly heard,

13.	For two Clerks to be alllgned to make Parcels of Accompts in the Exchequer.

14.	That Accounts of Nichil be put out of the Exchequer.

15.	Concerning the Clerk of the Pipe, and the Two Remembrancers for the Entry of Writs of the Great and Privy Seal, and to make Schedules and Certificates.

16.	Upon a Judgement of Livery, the Remembrancer fhall

caufe the Suit to ceafe.	•	....

17.	The Fees of the Clerks of the Exchequer for making" a Commiflion or Record of Nifi prices.

Other Statutes made the fame Fifth Tear. Stat. 2.

l.TT' OR the well intreating of Merchants Strangers.

If z. For pafling of Woolls, Leather, and Fells.

3.	A Subftdy granted to the King, fo that it may be wholly imployed upon the fafe keeping of the Seas.

4.	For coming to the Parliament.

5.	Againft Preachers of Herefies.

Anno 6 Ricbardi 2.

1.	/confirmation of all Liberties of the Church,. Magnet

Charta, Charta Forejla:, with all Statutes not repealed.

2.	For Actions to be purfued in their proper Counties.

3.	In what Courts Writs of Nufances called Vicontiels, fhall be purfued.

4.	Touching Deeds inrolled that were deftroyed in the laft Infurrecftion.

5.	For Seffions to be holden by Juftices of Affife and Gaol-delivery in the principal Towns.

6.	Againft Ravifhing of Women.

7.	For Prices of fweet Wines by Retail.

8.	For Qualification of the A£l: touching the Navy, made 5 Rich. 2. cap. 3.

9.	Victuallers to bearnoOffice in Towns where they dwell.

10.	Aliens bringing Victuals into the Realm may fell the fame in grofs or by retail.

11.	That Hofts ufe no more foreftallingof Victuals.

rz. Mayors to be fworn to keep the Ordinances of Fifh-mongers and Victuallers.

13. The King’s Pardon touching the late Rebellion.

At another Parliament holden the fame Sixth Tear.

1.	A Statute enlarging the fame Pardon.

/]l z. Confirmation of the Statutes of Purveyors.

3.	Releafc of fuch from Actions of Trefpafs as can prove they were compelled to the late Infurrection.

4.	Actions of Trefpafs to be brought within a limited Time^

5.	The Number of Witneffes to prove the Compulfion.

Anno 7 Richard.i 2.

1.	/confirmation of the Liberties of the Church.

V>i 2. Confirmation of Magna Charta, the Charter of the Foreft, and all Statutes not repealed.

3.	For calling of Jurors within Forefts.

4.	Touching Imprifonment by Officers of the Forefts. Touching Night-walkers, Rogues, and Vagabonds.

6.	Proclamation to be made Four Times yearly, by the Sheriffs, of the Statute of Winchejler.

7.	That Nift prius be granted at the Suit of any of the Jurors, if the Parties, after the Diftrefs Three Times ierved, do refufe it.

8.	For Purveyors.

9.	Againft;

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

9.	Againft Deceit of Cloths.

10.	Touching Affife for Rent going out of Lands lying in two Counties.

n. The Statute of Victuallers, Fifth and Sixth of King Richard, repealed.

12.	No Alien fhall occupy any Benefice of the Church.

•23. Againft riding in Harnefs.

14. Concerning Attorneys of Defendants in Writs of Pra-munire facias.

1 j. Againft Champerty and Maintenance.

16.	Againft fending Armour or Victual into ■Scotland.

17.	For Mainpernors to fatisfy the- Plaintiff for his Delay, where the Defendant kcepeth not his Day.

Anno 8 Richard! 2.

1.	^“^Onfirmation of the Liberties of the Church, Great

Charter, the Charter of the Foreft, and all Statutes.

2.	That no Man of Law be Juftice of Affife or Gaol-deli-very in his own Country.

3.	Neither the King’s Juftices, nor Barons of the Exchequer, fhall take Fee or Reward, but of the King.

4.	Againft falfe entering of Pleas, rafing of Rolls, and changing of Verditfts.

5.	Of the Jurifdidfion of the Conftable and Marfhal.

Anna 9 Richardi z.

1.	(/confirmation of all Statutes not repealed, faving of a V-* Statute made 8 R. 2. cap. 3.

2.	Touching Villains flying to Cities and Boroughs.

3.	For Writs of Attaint and Error for them in the Rever-fion.

4.	Trial whether a Prior be dative and removeable, or perpetual.

5.	For Fees of Priefts taken in the Marfhalfey of the King’s Houfe.

Anno 10 Richard,I 2.

AN Add for the good Governance of the Realm.

Anno 11 Richardi 2.

1.	r pHE Archbifhop of York and others attainted of

jL High Treafon.

2.	Claufe to prevent fraudulent Conveyances of their Eftates.

3.	The Eftates of the Bifhop of Chichejler and others alfo forfeited.

4.	The Penalty of concealing any Part of the faid Eftates.

5.	Blues in Tail, and Jointures of Women excepted.

6.	Penalty of petitioning the King for any Grant of the faid Eftates during the War.

.7. All Merchants Aliens and Denizens may buy and fell without Interruption.

8.	Certain Annuities granted by the King, made void.

9.	Thatnonew Impofitions be put upon Woolls, Leather, &c.

10.	That no Letters from the King under the Signet or Privy Seal be fent in Difturbance of the Law.

st. For keeping Affifesand Seffionsin chiefTowns.

Anno 12 Richardi 2.

1/ /fC Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, the Great Charter, the Charter of the Foreft, and of all ' Statutes not repealed.

2.	Touching elefting of Officers.

3.	Confirmation of all Statutes for Labourers and Victuallers, and for Stocks to be in every Town, for Demeanour of Labourers.

46? 5. For Wages for Labourers, and.how they (hall behave themfelves.

6.	Concerning Weapons not to be worn by Artificers, and • againft unlawful Games to be ufed by them.

7.	For Beggars.

8.	Concerning fuch as pretend themfelves to have been captive or maimed in foreign Countries.

9.	Touching Vagabonds, and concerning Artificers and Labourers.

10.	How many Juftices of the Peace fhall be in every County, and for holding of their Seffions.

u.	The Punifhment of him thattelleth Lies of the Peers or Great Officers of the Realm.

12.	In what Cafes the Lords and Spiritual Perfons fhall be contributary to the Expences of the Knights of Parliament.

13.	For avoiding of Annoyances by calling of Dung or Carrion into Ditches and other Places.

14.	For the Meafure of Cloths.

15.	That none pafs out of the Realm to obtain any Benefice of Holy Church.

16.	For removing the Staple from Mlddleborough to Calais,

Anno 13 Richardi 2.

1.	^	HE-King’s Prefentee fhall not be received into a

JL Church full of an Incumbent, till he hath recovered it by Law.

2.	Touching the Jurifdidlion of the Conftableof England.

3.	The Jurifdidtion of the Steward and Marfhals Court fhall not exceed Twelve Mile from the King’s Lodging.

4.	Concerning the Duty of the Clerk of the Market of the King’s Houfe.

C. Touching the Jurifdidlion of the Admiral.

6.	Touching Serjeants at Arms and their Office.

7.	Touching the Office of Juftices of Peace.

8.	Touching Servants and Labourers, and for the Price of Victuals and Horfe Bread.

9.	Touching Packing, and for true Weights and Meafures.

10.	The Length and Breadth of Cog-ware and Kendal Cloths.

u. Touching Cloths made in the Counties of Somerfety Gloucejlcr, Dorfet, and Briftol.

12.	Touching Tanners and Cordwainers.

13.	The Ability of fuch as fhall be permitted to hunt.

14.	Touching Recognizances and double Bonds in the Exchequer.

15.	Rejoining of Caftles and Goals to the Counties.

16.	Touching Protections."

17.	Where he in Reverfion may be received in a Suit com^ menced againft the particular Tenant.

18.	Touching Attaints in Lincoln.

19.	For the Prefervation of Fifh.

20.	At what Ports Pilgrims fhall pafs out of the Realm.

Other Statutes made the fame Thirteenth Year,

I.	f a^Ouching Charters of Pardon.

JL 2^3. TouchingProvifors.

An Ordinance to prevent Difturbance in judicial Proceed-ings.

Anno 14 Richardi 2.

1.	XT'O R removing the Staple from Calais to England.

2.	J? Touching Exchanges to the Court of Rome.

3.	The Mayor and Officers of the Staple fhall be fworn to the King.

4.	Againft regrating of Woolls.

5.	Touching the carrying of Wooll and Lead out of the Realm by Strangers.

6.	For the freighting of Englijh Ships.

7.	For the/hipping of Tin only at Dartmouth.	.

8.	Touching gauging of Rbenijh Wine.

9.	That Merchant Strangers be well intreated.	>

10.	No Cuftomer nor Comptroller fhall have Ship 01 his own, nor fhall hold his Office but at the King’s Pleafure.

e 2	11.	For

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

14.	Concerning Livery and Retainers.

15.	The Manner of the Election of Knights of Shires for the Parliament.

1S.	Touching Payment of Annuities granted to the King’s Servants.

17.	For taking of Apprentices.

18.	An Indemnity for the fupprefling the late Riots.

Anno 9 Henrici 4.

1.	/'"'Onfirmation of Liberties and Statutes not repealed.

'	2.	Touching	the	Sealing of Kendal Cloth.

3.	1'ouching Felonies in South IVales.

4.	Touching Difclaimer in Felonies in Wales.

5.	Remedy where Lords of antient Demefnes, or Mayor or Bailiffs of Liberties, be named Dijfeifers, to take away their Fianchife.

6.	Repeal of a Statute made 7 Hen. 4. cap. 10. touching the Length and Breadth of Cloths.

7.	Goods {hall be chargeable for the Payment of the §>uin-■zime, where they were at the Time when the fame was

granted.

8.	For free Eledlions, and againft Tranfportation of Money.

9.	Elections to Spiritual Promotions fhall be free, and not interrupted by the Pope or the King.

10.	A Pardon granted by the King to all that have pur-

. chafed Provifrons or Tranflations to Archbifhopricks,

Bifhopricks, (Ac.

Anno 11 Henrici 4.

1.	'"TT”' HE Penalty on a Sheriff for making an untrue Re-JL turn of the Election of the Knights of Parliament.

z. No common Hoftler fhall be Cuftomer, Comptroller, or Searcher.

3.	Touching Amendment of Records after Judgment.

4.	Againft Labourers ufing unlawful Games.

5.	For the abolifhing of Galley Halfpence.

6.	Touching the Aulnage of Cloths.

7.	Merchant Strangers fhall pay Cuftom for Cloths cut in fmall Pieces.

5.	Touching Exchanges of Money by Merchants.

9.	Againft taking Inquefts not returned by the Sheriff.

Anno 13 Henrici 4.

1.	/'"confirmation of Liberties and Statutes not repealed.

2.	v_> Touching Juftices of Aflife and Gaol-delivery.

3.	Confirmation of Statutes made againft Liveries and Retainers.

4.	Confirmation of Statutes touching Aulnage andMeafur-ing of Cloths.

c. Cuftomers and other Officers to be refident upon their Offices. _

6.	Abolifhing of Galley Halfpence.

7.	Juftices of the Peace and Sheriffs to arreft fuch as commit Riots or Routs, and to inquire of them and record their Offences.

Anno x Henrici V.

r. TCOR Elcdfion of Knights and Burgefles of the Par-ri liament.

2.	■** Confirmation of former Statutes made for pulling down of Wears and Kiddels, (Ac.

3.	Againft Forgers of falfe Deeds.

4 To prevent Extortions of Sheriffs and their Bailiffs.

For Addition to be given, in cafe where Proccfs of Outlawry lieth.

0. Englijh Mens Punifhment of Mifdemeanors in Wales fhall not be revenged.

7.	Touching French Men beneficed in England.

8.	To prevent the Repair of 7/7/7;.Men into England.

9.	Revocation of certain Grants of Lands and Offices in

Calais.

ro. By what Meafure Purveyors fhall take Corn, v

Anno 2 Henrici 5.

1.	LOWER given to Ordinaries to inquire of the Go-11 vernment of Hofpitals.

2.	Touching Writs of Certiorari and Corpus cum caufa, granted for Perfons in Execution.

3.	For granting a Copy of a Libel in the Spiritual Court.

4.	Touching Labourers, and of the Office of ajuftice.ef the Peace.

5.	Procefs againft Felons dwelling in Tindale and Examjhire.

6.	Concerning the Obfervation of Truce and Safe Conducts.

7.	For Reformation of Herefy and Lollardy.

8.	For Suppreffing of Riots, Routs, and unlawful Affem-blies.

9.	Touching Procefs againft Rioters that flee into Woods.

Other Statutes made the fatne Second Year.

HAT Perfons fhall be Juftices of Peace.

For Wages of Priefts.

3.	For the Sufficiency of Jurors.

4.	Touching Goldfmiths and Gilding of Silver Ware,

y.	To prevent Rebellions of Weljh Men.

6.	For Shipping of Staple Ware.

Anno 3 Henrici 5.

FOR abolifhing of Galley Halfpence, Sufkins, and Dot-kins.

Other Statutes made in the fame Third Year.

1.	/^Onfirmation of Liberties and Franchifes, and Sta-V> tutes not repealed.

2.	Touching Abbots and Priors being Suitors to Courts Baron m Yorkjhire and Lancajhire.

3.	Britons not made Denizens fhall depart the Realm.

4.	All Provifions, Licences, and Pardons, touching Bene- ' fices full of an Incumbent, fhall be void.

5.	Touching Attaints upon a falfe Verdidt given in the City of Lincoln.

6 (A 7. Againft the clipping, waffling, and filing of Money.

8.	Touching Fees for Probates of 1 eftaments.

Anno 4 Henrici 5.

1.	/Confirmation of the Great Charter, the Charter of the V> Foreft, and of Statutes not repealed.

2.	For Sheriffs to have Allowance of certain Eftreats upon their Accounts.

3.	Touching Patten-makers.

4.	Againft taking of exceffive Wages of Servants of Huf-bandry.

5.	Confirmation of the Statutes made y H. 4. cap. 7. (A cap.

9.	for Hofts to be affigned to Merchant Strangers.

6.	Touching Benefices granted to Irifhmen.

7.	In what Cafes Letters of Marque may be granted.

8.	The King’s Pardon.

Anno 5 Henrici 5.

ABBOTS and others may make Attornies until the' next Parliament.

Anno 7 Henrici 5.

FOR appealing and indicating Men of Lancajhire, (Ac. -Proccfs againft Makers, (Ac. of falfe Deeds.

Anno

The TITLES of

Anno 8 Henrici 3.

1.	AT	in	the	King’s	Abfence	in	France the Tejle of

JL the Writs be in the Name of the Lieutenant.

2.	For Bullion to be brought to the Mint by Merchants of ■ the Weft.

3.	Touching Gilding and Silvering of divers Things.

Anno 9 Henrici 3.

1.	'"y'Ouching Appeals and Indictments.

2.	JL Touching Exigents againft any in Lancafhirc.

3.	Touching Protections for l’uch as ferved the King in Norjnandy.

4.	Touching the amending of Records.

3. For making of Sheriffs and Efcheators.

6.	Touching the Mint and Coinage at Calais.

7.	Againft the Men of Riddefdale offending in Northumberland, and other Places.

8.	Againft Scholars of Oxford hunting by; Night.

9.	Abbots and other Religious Perfons difcharged of Collection of Difnes out of the County where they dwell.

10.	Touching the Meafure of Keels to carry Sea-Coals from Neiucajlle.

11.	Againft Wafhers and Clippers of Money.

12.	Touching Rochejler Bridge.

Other Statutes made in the fame Ninth Tear.

1.	/confirmation of all Statutes not repealed concerning V_> Gold and Silver.

2.	Concerning the Exchanges in London.

3.	Touching the Payment of Exchange.

4.	For bringing of the Money received for the Exchange to the Tower.

5.	Touching the Mint at Calais.

6.	For good Allay in the Monies.

7.	For the Weight of Nobles, Half Nobles, and Farthings of Gold.

8.	For Commiflloners to inquire of Counterfeiters and Makers of falfe Weights.

9.	Touching Exchange to the Court of Rome.

to. For Relief of the Collectors of Difnes and fhdnzifnes.

ii.	Certain Roads about Abingdon fh.all be repaired.

Anno 1 Henrici VI.

1.	r p Ouching the Mints at York and Brijlol.

2.	I That the Sheriff make Proclamation of the Sta-■*" tutes of Purveyors.

3.	Againft Riots by Irijhmen.

4.	Touching the Mint and Exchanges.

5.	For the Gains of the Wars to be dedudted for the Wages of fuch as were retained to ferve the King.

6.	The Statute of 9 H. 5. cap. 9. touching Security for Exchanges to be made by Merchants of the Court of Rome, revived.

Anno 2 Henrici 6,

1.	/ ^Onfirmation of Liberties granted to holy Churchy V_> and to Cities and Boroughs.

2.	Touching the Privileges of the Hofpital of St. Leonard in York.

3.	That John Duke of Bedford, being in the King’s Wars in France, be received by his Attorney to" defend his Right in any Adtion.

4.	For the Staple at Calais.

3. Concerning Shipping of Woolls, Ifc.

6.	Againft carrying of Gold and Silver out of the Realm.

7.	Againft Cordwainers tifing the Myftery of Tanners.

8.	For expelling Irijhmen.

9.	For abolifbing the Money called Blanks,

the STATUTES.

A Penalty on deceitful Workers of Gold 2nd Silver Embroidery.

Concerning the Reverfal of Outlawries againft Perfons in the King’s Service.

The Juftices to remove Nufances in the Thames,

10.	For Officers in the King’s Courts.

11.	For the Meafure of Velfels of Wine, ftfc.

12.	The Mint Mafter fhall keep the Allay of White Money according to the Indenture.

13.	For the Price of Silver Plate, and for the Increafe of-White Money.

14.	Touching Goldfmiths felling Harnefs of Silver.

For Punilhment of Servants, &c. taking unreafonabifc Wages.

15.	Againft Nets and Engines in the Thames, and other Rivers.

16.	Remedy for thofe in Reverfion, where the particular Tenants have loft by Default.

17.	Perfons indidted of High Treafon, efcaping out-of Prifon, fhall be adjudged Traitors.-

Anno 3 Henrici 6.

1.	A Gainft Chapiters and Congregations of Mafons.

2.	Jf\. Againft the carrying of Sheep into Flanders, and other Places beyond the Seas.

3.	Againft concealing of the King’s Cuftoms.

4.	Touching the Tranfportation of Butter and Cheefe.

3. Touching the River Lee running from Ware to Thamesc- •

Anno 4 Henrici 6.

1.	/"^Oncerning the Duty of Sheriffs, and againft the im*

bezilling of Writs.

2.	For Protections of fuch as ferved in the King’s Wars

in Normandy.

3.	Confirmation of an Adt, 9 H. 5. cap. 4, for Amendments of Records.

4.	Suits and Writs againft certain Knights newly made, fhall not abate.

5.	Confirmation of the Statute 17 R. 2. cap. 7. touching Tranfportation of Corn.

Anno -6 Henrici 6..

1.	’ J 'Ouching Procefs upon Indidtments in the King’s

A Bench.

2.	How long Time Panells in Affifes fhall be delivered ter the Parties before the Seflions of the Juftices.

3.	Touching Wages of Hufbandmen, and Punifhment of Labourers taking more.

4.	Concerning the Eledtion of Knights ana Burgeffes of the Parliament.

5.	Concerning Sewers, with the Form of the Commilfion.-

6.	For flopping of Goods at Mclcombe Regis, and conveying them to Calais.

Anno 8 Henrici 6.

1.	T7 0R the Liberties of the Clergy coming to the Con-JP vocation.

2.	For the Staple of Denmark.

3.	Touching Sewers..

4.	Againft Retainers, and giving of Liveries.

3. For a common Balance and Weight to be in every City% Borough, and Market Town, and againft the buying of’ Woollen Yarn.

6.	Againft carting of feditious and threatening Bills in tar

Mens Houfes.	^

7.	Concerning the Elections of Knights of the Parliament.

8.	Touching the Wages of Labourers and'Servants.

9.	An Adi to reprefs forcible Entries.

10.	Concerning Procefs upon Indidlments and Appeal's of. Perfons dwelling in foreign Counties.

ri. For

The TITLES of

11.	For taking of Apprentices by the Citizens of London.

12.	For amending of Records, and againil imbezilling them.

13.	Touching Protections for l'uch as lhall go over Sea with the King.

14.	Again!! Felons and Murderers tliat hide themfelves in

Woods.

15.	For Amendment of Records.

16.	Touching Inquifiticns taken by Efcheators.

17.	Concerning the Staple at Calais.

18.	For Prioes of Staple Wares, and for the Mint at Calais.

19.	A.gainft the privy Conveyance of Merchandizes out of the Realm.

20.	Touching the Inhabitants of Calais, ufing to buy Staple Wares.

zi. Repeal of all Licences granted to Men of NevjcaJlle and Berivick for (hipping to other Places than Calais.

22.	Againil clacking and forcing of Woolls.

23.	Againil cutting of Woollen Threads, and fending them beyond Sea for Thrums.

24.	Againil Payments in Gold made to Merchants Aliens.

25.	For the Continuance of the Mayor of the Staple in his Office for two Years.

26.	For the Punilhment of fuch Defendants, as in Affifes or any perfonal Adlions make default, to put any Lords, Mayors, (Ac. from their jurifdidlion.

27.	For the free Paffage of Trows and other Veffels through the River of Severn by the Inhabitants of Teutkjbury.

28.	For erecling Two Bridges upon the Waters of Burford and Cidhamford, in the Highway betwixt Abington and Dorchejler.

29.	p'or Inquells between Aliens and Denizens.

Anno 9 Henrici 6.

1.	A CT for the Adjournment of Affifes and Nifiprius il during the Parliament.

2.	Englijls Merchants may fell their Merchandifes to Aliens, at Six Months Credit.

3.	Confirmation of the Attainder of Chven Glendour.

4.	An Idemptitate nominis lhall be maintainable by Executors.

5.	All Men may have free Paffage in the River of Severn.

6.	Concerning the Weights of the Borough of Dorchejler.

7.	Againil the Extortion of the Sheriffs of the County of

Hereford.

8.	A Weigh of Cheefe lhall weigh Thirty-two Cloves, and every Clove Eight Pound.

9.	For the cleaning and fcouring of the River of Lee.

10.	Confirmation of the Statute 3 IL. ;. cap. 2. concerning Attornies in Courts Baron for Abbots and religious Per-fons.

11.	Before a Writ of Ballardy lhall be awarded. Proclamations thereof lhall be made in Chancery, (Ac.

Anno 10 Henrici (1.

*. ’IJ'OR the Validity of Recognizances of Debts taken JLp before the Mayor of Calais.

2.	Touching the Eledlion of the Knights of the Parliament.

3.	P'or Reprifal of Goods taken by them of Denmark.

4.	For the true Entry of Appearances by Pliilizers and Exigenters.

5.	P'or Reparation of the Banks and Beacons at Calais.

6.	Touching Procefs upon Indictments and Appeals removed into the King’s Bench.

7.	Againil the Ihipping of Staple Ware to other Places than to Calais.

Anno 10 Henrici 6. St at. 2.

OR the Wages of the Judges, King’s Serjeant, (Ac.

the STATUTES.

Anno 11 Henrici 6.

1.	A CT againil Stewholders in Southwark, and prohi-

biting them'to be impanelled upon Juries.

2.	Againil naming Sf Sheriffs Diffeifors in Affife.

3.	An Affife or other Action lhall be maintainable againil the Pernours of the Profits.

4.	Plaintiffs in Writs of Attaint lhall recover Coils and Damages.

5.	Pie in the Reverfion may have Wafte againil the Per-

- nours of the Profits.

6.	No Suit before Juitices or Commiffioners lhall be dif-continued by a new Commiffion.

7.	Continuation of an A£t 9 H. 6. cap. 7. againil the Extortion of Sheriffs of Herefordjhire.

8.	Confirmation of the Statutes for true Weights and Mea-fures.

9.	The Length and Breadth of Cloths called Streits.

ro. He which fueth to defeat Execution of a Statute removed by Corpus oum caufa, lhall find Surety to fatisfy both the King and the Party.

11.	Againil Aflaults made upon Lords or others coming to the Parliament.

12 Concerning Wax Chandlers.

13.	Confirmation of a Statute 8 H. 6. concerning the Staple, and for felling Wares for ready Money.

14.	Againil Ihipping of Staple Merchandizes in Creeks.

15.	For Punilhment of Cuilomers which will not difeharge the Merchant that hath paid his Cullom.

16.	Againil Cuilomers making blank Cockets to Merchants.

Anno 14 Henrici 6.

1.	| "'HAT Jullices of Niji prius may give Judgment, JL as well where Traitors and Felons be acquitted, as

where they be convicted.

2.	Againil Licences for Ihipping of Woolls.

3.	The Affifes for the County of Cumberland lhall be holden at CarliJIe.

4.	Jullices of Peace in Middle [ex may keep their Seffions but twice in the Year.

j. For Ihipping of Merchandizes only to the Staple.

6.	P'or Aliens to fell Victuals in Grofs or Retail.

7.	Concerning taking of Prizes upon the Seas.

8.	The Statute againil the breaking of Safe Condudls and Truces, fufpended.

Anno 15 Henrici 6.

1. /“^Oncerning Suits before the Steward and Marlhal of the King’s Houfe.

z.	For carrying of Corn over the Seas.

3.	t he Claufc Vidimus lhall not be put in Safe Conduces.

4.	None lhall fue forth a Subpoena, until lie find Surety to fatisfy the Defendant’s Colts and Damages, if he do not verify his Bill.

3. Touching the Sufficiency of Jurors returned in-Writs of Attaint.

6.	Againil unlawful Orders made by Guilds and Fraternities.

7.	Touching the Wapentakes of Sandcliffe and- Frendlcs in the County of York, and that religious Perfons may make Attornies in the Courts holden for thefe Places, and in all other fuch Places.

8.	Againil Carriage of Staple Ware not cullomed.

Anno 18 Henrici 6.

1. Y ETTERS Patents lhall bear the Date of-the De-. livery of the King’s Warrant into the Chancery,

z. Such as have Gavelkind Lands to the Value of Twenty Pounds per Annum, may be returned for Jurors in Attaints.

.	3.	For

3

Tiie TITLES of

3.	For the Tranfportation of Butter and Cheefe to other Places than Calais. ■

4.	Touching Merchandizes • foreign bought'and foreign fold, artd the Duty of the Hoils of Merchants Strangers.

5.	Touching Collectors of Difmes and Fifteens. -

6.	No Lands fhall be granted by Letters Patents, before the King’s Title be found.

7.	For returning of Offices by Efcheators.

8.	What Things are requifite to make the King’s Safe Conduct good.

9.	Touching Entries by Philizers and Exigenters.

10.	Commiffions of Sewers fhall be awarded during Ten Years.

11.	None fhall be Juftices of Peace, unlefs he hath Lands to the yearly Value of Twenty Pound.

12.	Appeals or Indictments fuppofed in a Place where there is none fuch, fhall be void.

13.	No Man outlawed in Lancajhire fhall1 forfeit any other Lands or Goods, but fuch as he hath in the fame Shire.

14.	Concerning the making of Arrays and Panells of In-quefts.

13.	Againft the Carriage of Woolls to other Places than to Calais.

16.	There fhall be one Meafure of Cloth through the Realm.

17.	Touching the gauging of VelTels of Wine, Oil, and Honey.

18.	Concerning Captains abating Soldiers Wages.

19.	Touching Soldiers departing without Licence from their Captains.

Anna 20 Henrici 6.

1.	T?OR the Inrollment of Safe Conducts,

2.	JP. Touching Outlawries in the County of Lancajlcr.

3.	For- Punifhment of Weljlo Men for Robberies in the Counties adjoining. .

4.	Cuflems fhall be paid by Perfons made Denizens as Merchants Aliens.

5.	No Cuftomer, Comptroller, &c. fhall have any Ship, ufe Merchandize, keep a Wharf or an Inn, or be FaCtor.

6.	Touching Shipping of Corn over the Sea.

7.	Concerning not cufloming Goods brought firft into Wales, and from thence into England.

g.	The King’s Purveyors taking Cattle to the Value of Forty Shillings or under, and not making prefent Payment, may be refilled.

9.	The Order of Trial of Counteffes, by their Peers.

10.	For making of Worfleds in Norwich.

11.	For taking; away the Pain of Treafon in cafe of breaking of Safe ConduCts.

12.	For Reformation of Partition of Woolls by the Mayor of the Staple of Calais.

Anno 23 Henrici 6.

1.	*T'' OUCITING Purveyors.

2.	I Concerning the fhipping of Woollen Thrums out of this Realm.

3.	For the true making of Worfteds in Norfolk.

4.	For taking Outlaws in Wales reforting into Herefordjhire.

5.	Confirmation of the Statute 15 H. 6. cap. z. for conveying of Corn over the Sea.

6.	Againft gathering of Head-pence by the Sheriff of Northumberland.

7.	None fhall be Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Sheriff’s Clerk, above One Year, except the City of London.

8.	Concerning Commiffions of Sewers.

9.	Againft Extortion of Sheriffs..

You I.

the STATUTE S'.

10.	Forlevyingof Knights Wages for the Parliament,

11.	Touching the Trial of new foreign Pleas; pleaded after. Iffue joined.

12.	Concerning Wages for Servants of Hufbandry and'Labourers.

13.	Againft Purveyors.

14.	Touching Election of Knights for the Parliament.

15.	Touching Payment of Gauge-pence, and the Office of Gaugers.

16.	Concerning Inquefts to be taken by Efcheators, and their Fees.

17.	No new Impofitions fhall be laid upon them which buy. Wines in Gafcoigne and Guien.

Anno 25 Henrici 6.

^^Gainft Weljh Men.

Anno 27 Henrici 6.

1.	"O Eftraint of Importation of the Produce of Brabant^ IV &c.

z. Confirmation of the Liberties of the Staple.

3.	No Gold or Silver fhall be carried out of the Realm by-Merchants Aliens.

4.	An ACt againft Weljh Men confirmed.

5.	Againft holdingFairs upon Feftival Days and Sundays,

6.	The King’s Pardon to the Clergy.

Anno 28 Henrici 6.

1 ■ jT^ Eftraint of Importation of the Produce of Brabants

2.	Concerning Purveyors.

3.	The King’s Pardon to Sheriffs for occupying above s. Year.

4.	Touching Weljh Men and Lancajhire Men taking Goods ■ and Cattle under Colour of Diftrefs.

5.	Againft Extortions by Searchers and Cuftomers.

Anno 29 Henrici 6.

1. A Ttainder of Jack Cade.

2- Touching Procefs againft Breakers of Truce, For repealing of Letters Patents made to Citizens of

York.

Anno 31 Henrici 6.

1. /confirmation of the Attainder of Jack Cade.

V>i 2. Againft Rioters diibbeying Privy Seals and the King’s Proclamation.

3.	Touching Attachments made by the Wardens of the Marches towards Scotland.

4.	By what Means he fhall obtain Remedy, who having a-Safe Conduct, is robbed upon the Sea.

5.	No Cuftomer, Comptroller, Aulnager, &c. fhall have any Eftate certain iff his Office.

6.	For the making perpetual the Statute of 20 H. 6. cap. 2, touching the Forfeiture of thofe which be outlawed in Lancajhire.

7.	Exceptions out of the general Refumption.

8.	An Aft qualifying a Subfidy before granted to the King of Woolls, Fells, and Cloth tranfported.

9.	A Remedy for a Woman which is forced againft her- Will1 to be bound by Statute or Obligation.

Anno 33 Henrici 6.

1. A Remedy for Executors againft Servants, which'im-\ bezzel their Mafters Goods after his Death, z. Repeal of an Aft 31 H. 6. cap. 6. for Outlawries iff Lan~ cajbire.

*	f	Againft'7

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

3.	Againft Extortions of the Officers of the Exchequer.  4.	Concerning Brewers in Kent.  5.	Touching Silk-women.  0. Concerning the Abbot of Fountaine in York fire.  7. Touching the Number of Attorneys in Norfolk, Suffolk and Norwich.	Anno 39 Henri cl 6.  1. T) Evocation of a Parliament holden at Coventry 20 die XV Novembris, Anno 37 H. 6. z. Women of the Age of 14 Years, at the Death of their Anceftors, fhall have Livery of their Lands.

THE

THE

STATUTES at Large, ®c.

MA G NA	C

The GREAT CHARTER,

* >

Made in the Ninth Year of King Henry the Yhird, and confirmed by King Edward the Firjl'in the Five and twentieth Year of His Reign.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 39, 40.

El) WARD US Dei gratia Rex Angl’Do-minus Hibernie & Dux Aquit’ Omnibus ad quos prefentes littere pervenerint falutem. Infpeximus Magnam Cartam domini H. quondam regis Angl’ patris noftri de Libertatibus Angl’ in hec verba. Henricus Dei gratia Rex Ang’ Do-minus Hibern’ Dux Norman’ Aquit’ & Comes Andegav’ Archiepis’ Epis’Abbatibus Prioribus Co-mitibus Baronibus Vicecomitibus Prepolitis Mini-ftris-& omnibus ballivis & fidelibus fuis prefentem cartam infpeftur’ falutem. Sciatis quod nos intuitu Dei & pro falute anime noftre & animarum ante-ceflorum & fuccelTorum noftrorum ad exaltationem fantfte ecclefie h emendationem regni noftri fpon-tanea & bona voluntate noftra dedimus & concefii-mus Archiepifcopis Epis’ Abbatibus Prioribus Co-niitibus Baronibus & omnibus de regno noftro has libertates fubfcriptas tenendas in regno noftro Angl’ imperpetuum.

,	28	Ed.	3.	c. 1.	31 EJ. 3. flat. 1. c. 1.

50 Ed. 3. c. 2.	1	Rich. 2. c i. 2 Rich, 2. fiat. 2.

^	~	-	i	Hen.	4. c. 1,	2 Hen. 4. c. 1.	4 Hen.

fiat. r. c. 1 c. 1.	50	Eu.	3.

12 Rich. 1. c. 1.

EDWARD by the grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, to all *Archbijhops, Bijhops, &c. We have feen the Great Charter of the Lord Henry, fometimes King of England, our father, of the Liberties of England, in thefe words Henry by the grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and Guyan, and Earl of Anjou, to all Arch-bifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Sheriffs, Provofts, Officers, and to all Bailiffs and other our faithful Subjerfts, which fhall fee this prefent Charter, Greeting. Know ye that we, unto the Honour of Almighty God, and for the falvation of the fouls of our progenitors and fuccefiors + Kings of England, to the ^advancement of holy Church, and amendment of our Realm, of our meer and free will, have given and

franted to all Archbiihops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors, iarls, Barons, and to all free-inen of this our realm, thefe liberties following, to be kept in our kingdom of England for ever.

36 Ed. 3.fiat. 1. c. 1.	37 Ed. 3. c. 1.	38	Ed.	3, flat. 1. c. j.

c. 1.	5	Rich 2. fiat. 1. c, I. 6 Rich. 2. fiat. 1. c. 1.	7 Rich. 2.

4. c. x. 7 Hen. 4. c. 1.	9	Hen.	4.	c.	z.	13	Hen.	4.	c* 1. 4 Hen.

* Orig, To whom thefe Prefent sfhall come, Greeting.

Co. Lit. 81. Statutes of Confirmation*

52 H. 3. c. S.

25 Ed. I.gat. I. c. I, 2, 3,tc 4. 28 EJ. 1. flat. 3. c. 1.

1	Ed. 3. Rat. 2. c. 1.

•f* Not in Orig.

2	Ed. 3.C. 1.

4	Ed. 3. c. 1.

5	Ed. 3. c. j, 9. 10 Ed. 3. flat. 1, c. i,

14 Ed. 3. flat. I. c. 1.

42 Ed-. 3. c. 1. 1. c. 2.	8 Rich.

5.c. 1.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of Liberties.

IN primis conceflimus Deo & hac prefenti carta noftra confirmavimus pro nobis & heredibus noftris imperpetuum quod ecclefia Anglicana libera fit & habeat omnia jura fua integra & libertates fuas illefas. Conceflimus etiam’ & dedimus omnibus

FIRST, We have granted to God, and by this 2 iBft.

our prefent Charter have confirmed, for us and our Heirs for ever. That the Church of England fhall be free, and fhall have all her whole rights and liberties inviolable. • (2) We have granted alfo, and

1 pefunt 1 & dedimus'’ in Record* Dunelmenfi.

VOL.1.

B

C. 2-—4».

■3

Anno nono Henrici III.	A.D.	1225.

Confirmed by ‘ given to all the free-men of our realm, for us and our 52 H. 3. c. ,5.	<	jjeirs for ever, thefe liberties underwritten, to have

and 42 Ed. 3. C'i-1 ancj t0 }j0]j to them and their Heirs,, of us and our ‘ Heirs for ever.’

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond. liberis hominibus regni noftri pro nobis & here-dibus noftris imperpetuum has libertates fubfcriptas habendas St tenendas eis St heredibus fuis de nobis St heredibus noftris “imperpetuum,

CAP. II.

The Relief of the King’s Tenant of full Age.

7 Co. 33.

9 Co. 124.

40 Ed. 3, f. 9, Co. Lie. 76. a, S3, b. 106. a.

2, Inft. 5.

3 Bulftr. 325., Brail. S4. a.

Rendered cbfo-Itieby 12 Car. 2.

F any of our Earls or Barons, or any other, which J. hold of Us in chief by- Knights fervjce, die, and at the time of his death his heir be of full age, and oweth * to us Relief, he {hall have his inheritance by the old ‘ Relief; that is to fay, the heir or heirs of an Earl;

for a whole Earldom, by one hundred pound ; the ‘ heir or heirs of a Baron, for an whole Barony, by one ‘ hundred marks; the heir or heirs of a Knight, for ‘ one whole Knights fee, one hundred {hillings at the ‘ moft ; and he that hath lefs, fhall give lefs,.according ‘ to the old cuftom of the fees.’ c. 24. which takes away Knight's ftpuia, &c.

SI quis Comitum vel Baronuna noftrorum five aliorum tenendum de nobis in capite per fervi-tium militare mortuus fuerit Sc cum decedent heres-ejus plene etatis fuerit & relevium debeat habeat hcreditatem fuam per antiquum relevium fcilicet heres vel heredes Gomitis de h Gomitatu integro per centum libras heres vel heredes Baronis de Baronia integra per Centum c marcas heres vel heredes mi-litis de feodo Militis integro per Centum folidos ad, plus St qui minus d habuerit minus det fecundum,< antiquam coafuetudinem feodorum..

e A P: III:

The Wardship of an Heir within Age. The Heir a,Knight.

ftob. 46.	*-	T>U T if the heir of any fuch be within age, his

Eitz. Gard.	‘	Lord fhall not have the ward of him, nor of his

356,142,156. < land,, before, that he hath taken of him homage. Piowd" f 267°’ 4’ (2) And after that fuch an heir hath , been in ward. 6 Co, 73. 7" (when he is come to full age) that is to fay, to the S Co. 173.	‘	age of one and twenty years, he Hi all have his inheri-

2 lnft. 10.	*	tance without Relief, and ■ without Fine ; fo that if

12 Co. 81,	c	fuch an heir, being within age, be made Knight, yet

F N 3 fo. ->6q. * neverthelefs his land {hall remain in the keeping of his clf. hy.iz.Car.'c Lord unto the term aforefiiid.’

2. c. 24. ivh'.cbjakes away tVardfhip, 65by.rcajon of’Tenure.

SI autem heres alicujus talium infra ctatem fuerit: dominus ejus non habeat cuftodiam ejus nec terre fue antequam homagium ejus ceperit St poft- -quam talis heres fuerit in cuftodia cum ad etaterrs. pervenerit fcilicet viginti St unius anni habeat here-ditatem fuam fine relevlo St fine fine Ita tamen quod fi ipfe dum infra etatem fuerit fiat Miles nichilo-minus terra remaneat in cuftodia dominorum fuo-rum ufque ad terminum predidtum,.

C A P. IV.

No Wafte Ihall be made by a Guardian in Wards Lands.:

Raft, pi, 693. IFitz. Waft. 13,

146.

Co.'Lit. 54. a. 12 H. 4. f. 53. 2 Inft.12,

* No: \n Orjg.

En forced by 6 Ed, i. c. 5, And fee 2,3 Ed. I, flat. 3, c. |3, 14 Ed. 3. fiat. 1, Cbf. by 12 Car. 2, ft 24,

THE keeper of the land of fuch an heir, being^ within age, fliall not take of the lands of the heir, but reafonable iflues,. reafonable cuftoms, and reafonable fervices, and that without deftrudliori and. wafte of his men and his goods., (z) And if we commit the cuftody of any fuch land to the Sheriff-.or to any other, which is anfwerable unto us for the iflues of the fame land,.and he make deftrudfion or wafte of thofe things that he hath in cuftody, we will take of him amends * and reannpence therefore^ (■$) and the land {hall be committed to two lawful and difereet men of that, fee, which {hall anfwer unto us for the iflues of the fame land, or unto him whom we will aflign. (4) And if we give or fell to any man.the cuftodv of any fuch land, and he therein do make deftrudfion or wafte, he {hall lofe the fame cuftody.; and it {hall be afligned to two lawful and difereet men of that fee, which alfo in like manner fhall-be anfwerable to us, as afore is faid.’

C. 13.	36	Ed.	3,	fiat.	I,	c.	13.	The	three lajl Statutes refraining Eftbcalors fromWafie,

CUftos terre hujufmodi heredis qui infra eta--tem fuerit non capiat de terra heredis nift, rationabiles e.xitus St rationabiles confuetudines & rationabilia fervicia St hoc fine deftrudtione St vafto ■ hominum S: rerum. Et fi nos commiferimus cuftodiam alicujus talis terre vicecomiti vel alicui alii, qui de exitibus terre illius nobis debeat refpondere St ille de cuftodia deftrudtionem. vel. vallum fecerit. nos ab eo capiemus emendam St terra committatur -duobus legalibus St. diferetis hominibus de feodo illo qui de exitibus terre illius nobis refpondeant. vel illi cui illos affignaverimus. Et.fi dederimus vel vendiderimus alicui cuftodiam alicujus talis . terre St ille inde deftrucUonem fecerit vel vaftum . amittat illam cuftodiam St tradatur duobus legalibus , St diferetis hominibus de feodo illo qui fimiliter. nobis refpondeant ficut predidtum eft.,

C A P.

1 Dceft ‘ imperpetuum,’ ib.

b Baronia comitis integra,’ ib.

c ‘ Libras,' ib,

' Debucrit,’ ib. .

Anno nono Henrici III.

C. 5—8.

cap. v.

Guardians fhall maintain the Inheritance of their Wards: and of Bilhopricks, &c.

Ex Rot. inTurr. Lond.

CtTftos autem quamdiu cuftodiam terre 1 hu-jufmodi habuerit fuftentet domes parcos b vivaria ftagna Molendina Sc cetera ad terrain illam pertinentia de exitibus terre ejufdam & reddat he-redi cum ad plenam etatem pervenerit terram fuam totam inftauratam de carucis Sc de omnibus aliis rebus ad minus c- ficut illam recepit. Hec omnia obferventur de cuftodiis Archiepifcopatuum Epif-copatuum Abbathiarum Prioratuum ecclefiarum & dignitatum vacantium que ad nos pertinent ex-cepto quod cuftodie hujufmodi vendi non debent.

Obf by 12 Car. 2. C. 24.

4 'T'HE keeper, fo long as he hath the cuftody ofioH. 7. f. 36,

4 J. the land of fuch an heir, fhall keep up the2lnft-»4-4 houfes, parks, warrens, * ponds, + mills, and other * Add Ffi.

4 things pertaining to the feme land, with the t Add Pooh.

4 Hlues of the faid land; and he Ihall deliver to the Waite lhail 4 Heir, when he cometh to his full age, all his land 4 ftored with ploughs, and all other things-, at the leaft	an

4 as he received it. All thefe things {hall be obferved Enforced by 4 i'n the cuftodies of Archbifhopricks, Bifhopricks, 3 Ed. 1. c. 21.

4 Abbeys, Priories, Churches, and Dignities vacant, 5ef36Ed'3-ci3<> 4 which appertain to us j except this, that fuch cuftody rfra,mnz Ef-4 fhall not be fold,’

fo fisr as it relates to }frardjhips by reafon of ‘Tenure> a’r.d by 31 H, c, 13. as to Abbeys, &C0

CAP. VL Heirs fhall be married without Disparagement-. jT j^Eredes maritentur abfque difparagatione. j1 J jTirs fhall be married without Difparagemeht,’

CAP. VII.

A Widow fhall have her Marriage, Inheritance, and Quarentine. The King’s Widow, &ct

Co. Lit. So. 2 Inft. 15."' E>forced by 20 H. 3. c,

Idua poll mortem mariti fui ftatim Sc fine dif-ficultate aliqua habeat maritagium fuum Sc hereditatem fuam nec aliquid det pro dote fuad nec pro maritagio fuo vel pro hereditate fua quam hereditatem maritus fuus Sr ipfa tenueruntc fimul die obitus ipfius maritif fui Sc maneat in capitali Me-fuagio mariti fui pet quadraginta dies poll obitum mariti fui infra quos dies affignetur ei dos fua.nifi prius fuerit ei aflignata vel nifi domus ilia fit Caf-trum Sc fi de caftro receflerit domus ei competens ftatim proyideatur in qua poffit holiefte morari quoufque dos fua ei affignetur s fecundum quod prediftum eft Sc habeat rationabile eftoverium fuum interim de comttiuni Affignetur autem ei pro dote fua tertia pars totius terre mariti fui que fua fuit in vita fua nifi de minori fuerit dotata ad Hoftium ecclefie. Nulla vidua diftringatur ad fe maritan-dam dum voluerit vivere fine marito Ita tamcn quod fecuritatem faciat quod fe non maritabit fine afienfu noftro fi de nobis tenuerit vel fine aflenfu domini fui fi de alio tenuerit.

4 A Widow, after the death of her hufband, incon-4 XX. tinent, and without any Difficulty, fhall have 4 her marriage., and her inheritance, (2) and fhall give Hobart ijj.'

4 nothing for her dower, her marriage, or her inheritance,

4 which her hufband and fhe held the day of the death 4 of her hufband, (3) and fhe fhall tarry -in the-'chief Dyer, f. 76.

4 houfe of her hufband by forty days after the death ofplow* 32-4 her hufband, within which days her dower fhall be Bro-Dower'I01’ 4 affigned her (if it were not affigned her before) or 4 that the houfe be a caflle ; (4) and if fhe depart from Regift, fol. 175, 4 the caftle, then a competent houfe fhall be forthwith Co. Lit. 32. b.

4 provided for her, i'n the which fhe may hsneftly dwell, 2 4 until her dower be to her affigned, as it is aforefaid ;19 -6‘ ■ !4'

4 and fhe fhall have in the mean time her reafonable s«I7Ed.2.c.4. 4 eftovers of the common ; (5) and for her dower fhall fir thtOatb of 4 be affigned unto her the third part of all the Lands Ipdoioiwhobold 4 of her hufhand, which were his during coverture, ex- CaT,,e< nof “

4 cept fhe were endowed of lefs at the Church-door.	’

4 (6) No widow fhall be diftrained to marry herfelf: * » Add WbiUfio 4 neverthelels fhe fhall find furety, that fhe fhall not cboofis to live 4 marry without our licence and aflent (if fhe hold of/'!?*’

4 us) nor without the afleht of the Lord, if fhe hold Fltz' DVer'

‘ of another.’	^

'nded by 20 Hen, 3. c, j. •which gives Damages to the WHsnns tebo are d forced of their Dowerse

CAP. VIII.

How Sureties fhall be charged to the King.

[ OS vero vel Ballivi noftri non feifiemus ter-_ ram aliquam h vel redditum pro debito ali-quo quamdiu catalla debitoris prefentia fufficiunt ad debitum reddend’ Sc ipfe debitor paratus fit inde fatisfacere. Nec plegii ipfius debitoris diftringantur quam diu ipfe capitalis debitor fufficiat ad folutio-nem * ipfius debiti Sc fi capitalis debitor defecerit in folutione debiti non habens unde reddat aut reddere

4 TT 7Eor our Bailiffs fhall not feile any land or rent PWd. 443 4 VV for any debt, as long as the prefent Goods and 2 lnlt-‘ Chattels of the debtor do fuffice to pay the debt, and 4 the debtor himfelf be ready to fatisfy therefore. (2),

4 Neither fhall the pledges of the debtor be diftrained,

‘ as long as the-principal debtor is fufficient for the 4 payment of the debt. (3) And if the principal debt-fail in - payment of the debt, having nothing

or

tt Deeft * hujufmodi,* ib, S * fwut/ ib; h < jicc/ ib,

b Deeft 1 vivaria,* ib, * D?eft * ipfius/ ibi

« # fecund am quod/ ib.

^ ‘ ve!,’ ib,

B 2

c D:cft * fimul,* ib,

r Deeft ‘ fui,’ ib;

* wherewith

C. g—r3.

Anno nono Henrici III.

A* D.

1225.



:u'f. lfi,

•* Orig. *Tiz debt. f Aid Principal.

Infra, c. 18. •Sf-JO. d'Jffivtd

wherewith to pay, or will not pay where he is able, ; the pledges {hall anfwer for the debt. (4) And if they will, they fhall have the lands and rents of the debtor, until they be fatisfied of * that which they before payed for him, except that the + debtor can fhew him-feif to be acquitted againft the faid fureties.’

3; K, 3. c. 39. for the KrtfSiior of a Court of Surveyors, and for the more cffcftval Recovery of the King s Debts j which Court vonshy iM, $eff[ Z a.tc annexed to the Ex.hcquer,

Ex Rot, in Tun, Lond. nolit cum poffit plegiii de debito refpondeant & ft voluerint habeant terras & redditus debitoris quouf-que fit eis fatisfactum de debito quod ante pro eo folverunt nifi capital’ debitor monftraverit (e inde elfe quietum verfus eofdem plegios.

CAP. IX.

The Liberties of London, and other Cities and'Towns confirmed.

* Head ehdr, Cro. Car. 251. f Net in Orig. 4< Ed. 3* f. c6. 5 H.7. t.io, 19. 11H, 7.f.si.

5 Co. 63.

S Co. 125.

2	Inft. 20.

3	Bulftr. 2. Mirror 311.

4 rT''FIE city of London fhall have all * the old liber-4 i. ties and cuftoms, t ‘which it hath been ufeito have. 4 Moreover we will and grant, that all other Cities, Bo-4 roughs. Towns, and the Barons of the Five Ports, 4 and all other Ports, fhall have all their liberties and 4 free cuftoms.’

CIvitas London’ habeat omnesb libertates fuas antiquas & confuetudines fuas. Preterea vo-lumus & concedimus quod omnes Civitates alie & Burgi & ville & Barones de quinque portubus & omnes portus habeant omnes libertates & liberas confuetudines fuas.

CAP. X.

None fhall diftrain for more Service than is due.

1	Roll 164.

2	Roll 182. to Co; so8. Fitz. Avowry, 96, 157, 2CO.

TO man fhall be diftrafned1 to do more fervice for * a Knight’s fee, nor any freehold, than there-4 fore is due.’

Plawd. 243.	14 Hen. 7. f. 14. Fitz. Brief, 661, 881, 8S2.

NUllus diftringatur ad faciendum majus fervi-tium de feodo Militis nec de alio libero te-

nemento quam inde debetur. Fitz Praerog. 28. V. N. B. f. 15. i Inft. 21.

Co. Lit. 7i, 2.

Plow. 241.

2 Inft. 21.

12 Co, 59. Regift. J87

CAP. XI.

Common Pleas fhall not follow the King’s Court.

e r^Ommon Pleas fhall not follow our Court, but I ^^Ommunia placita non fequantur Curiam nof-‘ O fhall he holden in fome place certain.’	|	V_> tramfet teneantur in aliquo loco certo.

Confirmed by 2S Ed. I, fiat. J. c. 4.	4 Inft. 99.	11	Co. 75.

1200.31,52. t 13 Co. 8.	t

Fitz.Aflize, 21.

* Read llrc, or ij 4 'lot be out, tc.c. * S Co. 57.	«

Fitz. Mortdanc. t

2I» 53* c 24 Ed. 3. f. 23.

1 Anrterfon *

CAP. XII.

Where and before whom Afiifes fhall be taken. Adjournment for Difficulty.

2 H. 4. f. a Inft. 24.

Regift. 197. Enforced and attended by 13

0. c

ASfifes of novel dijfeifin, and of Mortdancefler, fhall not be taken but in the (hires, and after this manner : * If we be out of this realm, our chief Jufti-cers fhall fend our Jufticers through every county once in the year, which, with the Knights of the (hires, fhall take the faid Affifes in thole counties ; (2) and thofe things that at the coming of our forefaid Jufticers, being fent to take thofe Affifes in the counties, cannot he determined, fhall be ended by them in fome other place in their circuit; (3) and thofe things, which for difficulty of fome articles cannot be determined by them, fhall be referred to our Juf-

REcognitiones de nova difleifina & de morte an* tecefloris non capiantur nifi in fuis Comitati-bus & hoc modo: Nos vel ft extra regnum fueri-mus capitalis Juftic’ nofter mittemus Juftic’c noftros per unumquemque Comitatum femel in anno qui-cum militibus Comitatuum capiant in Comitatibus affifas predidtas & ilia que in illo adventu fuo in Comitatus per Juftic’ noftros predictos ad didtas affifas capiendas miflos terminari non poflunt per eofdem terminentur alibi in itinere fuo & ea que per eofdem propter difficultatem aliquorum articulorum terminari non poflunt referantur ad Juftic’ noftros de Banco & ibj terminentur.

ticers of the Bench, and there fhall be ended.’

t'.i. 1. ftat. I. c. 30. Set 6 I itb. 2. fiat. I. c. j. ordaining that Jtifiiics of AJfixe Jhall hold tbeir Srjfions in principal Towns. And 11 Rich. 2. c. 11. providing that At Chancellor one Jufiitei final! have power to appoint where Affixes fhall be held.

CAP. XIII.

Afiifes of Darrein Preferment.

Rtpft. 30.	1 A Sfifcs of Darrein Prefentment fhall be alway taken /V Sfife de ultima prefentatione Temper capiantuc

s" 13 Ed. 1.	<	before	our Juftices of the Bench, and there fhall f \ coram Jufticiar’ de Banco & ibi terminentur.

4 be determined.’

that tbefe Affixes Jhall be determined in their own Shire. And ftc 51II, 3. c. 12. 31II. 8. r. 21. § 7* end 16 Car. I. c, 6. § 13.- what Days Jhall be given in AJfiaat ej Darrein PicfcntlEcm.

» ‘ Pro,’ ib.

k <

Antiquas libertates et liberas eonfuetudincs fuas,’ ib. < Deed 1 noftros,’ ib.

CAP.

Anno nono Henrici HI.

C. 14—18.

CAP. XIV.

How Men of all Sorts fhall be amerced, and by whom.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Liber homo non amercietur pro parvo delifto * nifi fecundum modum ipfius deli&i & pro magno delicto fecundum magnitudinem delicti falvo contenemento fuo & mercator eodem modo falva mercandifa fua & villanus alterius quam nofter eodem modo amercietur falvo wanagio fuo fi incident in manura noftram. Et nulla predi&arum mi-fericordiarum ponatur nifi per facramentum probo-rum & leg’ hominum de vifneto. Comites & Barones non amercientur nifi per pares fuos & non nifi fecundum modum delidti. Nulla ecclefiaftica perfo-na amercietur fecundum quantitatem beneficii fui ecclefiaftici fet fecundum laicum tenementum fuum & fecundum quantitatem dclidli.

34. Ed. 3. c. 1. ordaining, that Fines for FrtfpaffesJhall be reajortable 3 And likewife Grants of Fines before Conviblion,

‘ A Free-man fhall not be amerced for a fmall fault, Mirror 312.

*	1\. but after the manner of the fault; and for a Confirmed ly

*	great fault after the greatnefs thereof, faving to him 3Ed-6-‘ his contenement; (z) and a Merchant likewife, ,

‘ faving to him his merchandife; (3) and any other’s Er.AmcrcimL,^ ‘ villain than ours fhall be likewife amerced, faving his *, 25,3*. 33,53,

‘ wainage, if he fall into our mercy. (4) And none of 6S-‘ the faid amerciaments fhall be alTeifed, but by the 1°f'6° c oath of honeft and lawful men of the vicinage. (5) Ed.^.To!V...

‘ Earls and Barons fhall not be amerced but by their 2 BuiftrT’^o, *"

‘ Peers, and after the manner of their offence. (6) No 3 Bulftr. 279.'

‘ man of the Church fhall be amerced after the quantity M,rr°r 314-‘ of his fpiritual Benefice, but after his Lay-tenement, 3rcE	°'77'

*	and after the quantity of his offence.’	zlnft.Vy, St*

and 1 IV, & M. Sejf. i, c. 2.	11, declaring excejjive Fines and cruel Punijhments to be illegal.

CAP. XV.

Making of Bridges and Banks.

EC villa nec b Liber homo diftringaturfacere ■LN pontes ad riparias nifi qui c ab antiquo & de jure facered debent.

‘ V] O Town nor Freeman fhall Be' diftrained * to i Inft. *9.-c A.XI make Bridges nor Banks, but fuch as of old* To make

‘ time and of right have been accuftomed to make them in the time of King Henry our Grandfather.’	f	y	fo

a Matter of Doubtf whether this marginal Alteration is proper to be adopted: The Original appears to Jpeak of Banks as well as Bridges ; and if inflead of At) Riparias, •we read aut Riparias, as it is printed in 2 Inft. the Pajjage will be perfectly intelligible, and the cld Franjlation jujr.' It is true, in force Statutes, the Word Ripariae, as Lord Coke explains it, fgr.ifes the Water or River running between the Banks, and there Mr. Cay ’x Alteration appears to be very proper. But here, as bis L:rdjb\f> cbferves, if ferns to befynonymous with Ripas, and in this Senfc likewife it feems to be taken by the Author of the Mirroirs des Juftices. Bfdes, the Pbrafe of making ' Bridges at Rivers, may perhaps be deemed a Redundancy of ExpreJJion,

CAP. XVI.

Defending; of Banks.

O

NUlle riparie defendantur decetero nifi ille que ‘ fuerunt in defenfo tempore H. Regis Avi ‘ noftri per eadem loca & eofdem terminos ficut efie ‘ confueverunt tempore fuo.	*

CAP.

NO * Banks fhall be defended from henceforth,'! Inft. $y.

but fuch as were in defence in the time of King * Rivers. Henry our Grandfather, by the fame places, and the rpA'0,e,°'ie fame bounds, as they were wont to be in his time.’	coke'*'-

XVII.

Expedition of this ChapterP. 30: 1

Holding Pleas of the Crown.

NUll'us Vicecomes Conftabularius c Coronator vel alii Ballivi noftri teneant placita corone r.oftre.

‘ TV T O Sheriff, Conftable, Efcheator, Coroner, nor 2 inft. 30. -‘ JL >1 any other our Bailiffs, fhall hold Pleas of our Mirror 313. Crown.’

e a p. xvm.

The King’s Debtor dying, the King fhall be fkfl paid.

SI aliquis tenens de nobis laicum, feodum moriatur & Vicecomes vel Ballivus nofter oftendat litte-ras noftras patentes de fummonitione noftra de de-bito quod defundtus nobis debuit liceat Vicecomiti vel Ballivo noftro attachiare & imbreviare f omnia I bona & catalla defuncli inventa in laico feodo ad valentiam illius debiti per vifum legalium hominum Ita tamen quod nichil = inde amoveatur donee per-folvatur nobis debitum quod clarum fuerit & refi-duum relinquatur exccutoribus ad faciendum, tefta-mentum defundli & ft nichil nobis debcatur ab ipfo

‘ YF any that holdeth of us Lay-fee do die, and our Rafl.Bnr.f.jir.^ ‘ X Sheriff or Bailiff do (hew our Letters Patents of Co. Ent. f. 564-‘ of our fummon for Debt, which the dead man did Fltz-‘ owe to us ; it fhall be lawful to our Sheriff or Bailiff b,q. Vadon.

‘ to attach and inroll all the goods and chatties of the 5) 6.

‘ dead, being found in the faid f fee, to the Value of 2 inft. 32.

‘ the fame debt, by the fight J and tejlimony of lawful t Add Lay.

‘ men, fo that nothing thereof fhall be taken away, | orrg.

‘ until we be clearly paitfoff the debt; (z) and the re- Ui>ia’ *

‘ fidue fhall remain to the Executors to perform the tef-‘ tament of the dead; (3) and if nothing be owing

4 ‘ fet,’ ib. t> Deeft 1 ber, ib, c * ex,’ ib. d ‘ Debet,’ib. • ‘ Coioa.itore*,’ib. { DtJuiit ‘omnia tor.a, ib‘, S DeeS ‘ indc,’ ib.

‘ unto

c.

*9—23-

Anno nono Henrici 111.	A.	D.	1225.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

( unto us, all the chatties (hall go to the ufe of the tut 33 H7£.Cj39. c dead /favjng t0 his wife and children their reafonable f°:‘E	parts.}’

cf a Ccurt of Sur-

■vcjors, ami for th€<merc cffcElval Recovery of ike King's Debts j which Court 1

omnia catalla cedant defunclo falvis uxori ejus hi pueris ipfius rationabilibus partibus fuis.

IS, by 1 M. SeJJ~. Z. c. IO. dijfohed, and annexed V.i the Exchequer.

CAP. XIX.-Purveyance for a Caftle.

Mirrar 313. a Inft. 33.

Enforced by 3 Ed. 1. c. 7. altered by tlCii.z. ft»t, I,

c, 8,

t YcT O Conftable, nor his Bailiff, (hall take corn or 4 Tv other chatties of any man, if the man be not of c the Town where the Caftle is, but he (hall forthwith ‘ pay for the fame, unlefs that the will of the feller was * to refpite the payment; (2) and if he be of the fafne ‘ Town, the price (hall be paid unto him within forty 4 days.5

NUllus Conftabularius vel ejus ballivus capiat blada vel alia catalla alicujus qui non fit de Villa ubi caftrum fitum eft nifi ftatim reddat dena-rios inde aut refpe&um inde habere poflit de volun-tate venditoris Si autem de ipfa villa fuerit infra quadraginta dies precium reddat.

CAP. XX. Doing of Caftle-ward.

i XT O Conftable (hall diftrain any Knight for to 4 LN( give money for keeping of his Caftle, if he

*	himfelt will do it in his proper perfon, or caufe it to

*	be done by another fufficient man, if he may not do 4 it himfelf for a reafonable caufe. (z) And if we do

*	lead or fend him in an army,' he (hall be free from 4 Caftle-ward for the time that he (hall be with us in

€c. inft. 70.3. ‘ fee in our hoft, for the which he hath done fervice in Cinft. 34.	4	our wars.5

See 32 H. 8. c, 48. concerning Lt&ds holden of Dovcr-Caftlc,

Obf, by 12. Car, a.

NUllus Conftabularius diftringat aliquem Mili-tem ad dand’ denar’ pro cuftodia caftri ft ipfe earn facere voluerit in propria perfona fua vel per alium probum hominem a fac5 ft ipfe earn facere non poflit propter rationabilemcaufam. Et ft nos b ad-duxerimus vel miferimus eum in exercitum c fit quietus de cuftodia fecundum quantitatem tempo-ris quo per nos fuerit in exercitu de fcodo pro quo fecit fervicium in exercitu.

c. 14.

2lnft.34. 3 Bulftr. 4,

'Enforced by 34 Ed. 3.flat. 1. c. 19. and 25 Ed, 3. ftat. 5. c. 6. Altered by 13Car. 2. ftat. x, c. 8.

CAP. XXI.

Taking of Horfes, Carts, and Wood.

NO Sheriff nor Bailiff of ours, or any other, (hall take the Horfes or Carts of any man to make carriage, except he pay the old price limited, that is to fay, for carriage with two horfe, x. d. a day; for three horfe, xiv. d. a day. (2) No demefne Cart of any Spiritual perfon or Knight, or any Lord, (hall be taken by our Bailiffs; (3) nor we, nor our Bailiffs, nor any other, (hall take any man’s wood for our Caftles, or other our neceffaries to be done, but by the licence of him whofc the wood is.5

NUllus vicecomes vel ballivus nofter vel d ali-quis alius capiat equos vel carettas alicujus pro cariagio faciendo nift reddat liberationem anti-quitus ftatutam fcilicet pro c una caretta ad duos equos decern denar5 per diem & pro caretta ad tres equos quatuordecim denar’ per diem. Nulla caretta dominica alicujus ecclcftaftice perfone vel Militis vel alicujus domine per ballivos f noftros capiatur. Nec nos nec Ballivi noftri ncc alii capiemus bof-cum alienum ad caftra vel 5 ad alia agenda noftra nifi per voluntatem iiliuscujus bofeus file fuerit.

). giving Power f$

giving Power to chief Officers of bis Majcfiy's Carnages to provide Carts, &fr. by Warrant from the Green Cloth, And fee 13 £s? 14 Car* 2 CJpccrs of the Navy to prefs Carriagest &c.far the Ujc cf the Navy and Ordnance, See likewife the yearly Mutiny ARti

C A P. XXII.

How long Felons Lands (hall be holden by the King.

a Inft. 36. Miner 313.

‘ \ T 7 E will not hold the Lands of them that be con-‘ VV vi£t of Felony but one year and one day, and ‘ then thofe Lands (hall be delivered to the Lords of the ‘ fee.5

NOS non tenebimus terras illorum qui con-*-vidli fuerint de felonia nifi per unum annum & unum diem & tunc reddantur terre h ille dominis feodorum.

CAP. XXIII.

In what Places Wears (hall be put dotvn,

‘ A LL Wears from henceforth (hall be utterly put ‘	down	by	Thames	and	Medway, and through

‘ all England, but only by the Sca-coafts.5

jo Co. 13?.

.3 Cn. 35.

Confirmed and 4 mended by 1% Ed. 4. c. 7.

which infiiSlsPe- a Dccft * fac,’ ib, nalty on Offenders t 1 * Pracdiftct,’ ib, a Jnft.

OMnes kidelli deponantur decetero penitus per Tamifiam he Medeweyam & per totam Angl5 nifi per cofteram maris.

•> ' Dujcrimus,’ ib. e ‘ Qniclus dc cuftodia ciit,’ ib. t P. ‘ »d,’ ib. b p, 1

J Dccft ' alicu's,’ ib.

* Oceft * una,’ ib.

CAT.

Anno nono Henrici III.

C. 24—29,.

CAP. XXIV.

In what Cafe a Pr<ecipe in Capite is not grantabie.

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond.

BReve quod vocatur Praecipe decetero non fiat alicui dc aliquoa libero tenemento unde liber homo perdat Curiam fuam.

CAP.

THE Writ that is called Precipe in capite (hall 3a Ed. 3,f. Iv> be from heneeforthgranted to no perfon of any 13 Co. f. 4*; freehold, whereby any freeman meylofe his Court.’ f. n. B. fol. 5,

iz, 39. h.

XXV,-	v	.	s	Inft.	39,.

There lhall be but one Meafure throughout the Realm,

UNA Menfura vini fit per totum regnum nof-trum & una menfura cervifie & una menfura b'ladi fcilicet quarter’ London’ & una latitudo pannorum tin&orum Ruffettorum & haubergettorum fcilicet due ulne infra Liftas. De ponderibus vero fit b ficut dc menfuris.



c. 10. which infilBs Penalty on Offenders. Confirmed and farther amended by S H„6. t H. 3. flat. 11 31 Ed. 1. dc Ponderibus- Sc Menfuris. 31 Ed, $.fiat. 1, c. 2. 34 Ed« and 12 H. 7, c. 5.; with Regard to Weights and Meafurtt.

NE meafure of Wine fhall be through our Realm, and one meafure of Ale, and one meat fure of Corn, that is to fay, the Quarter of London ; and one breadth of dyed Cloth, Ruflets, and Haber-jedts, that is to fay, two Yards within the lifts, (z) and it fhall be of Weights as it is of Meafures.’

,5. n H. 7. c. 4. 16 Car, x. c. 19. and zz Car. z. c. 8 3. c, 5,. & 6.' 13 Rid. 2.1fiat. i,c. 9.. 15 Rid. zt c. 4.

Inft. 40.

Confirmed and amended by 14Ed. 3. flat. i>; c.

Amended by 27 Ed. 3. fiat. 7.-; See farther 26 Rkkt 2. ct 3.

C A P.. XXVIi Inquifition of Life and . Member..

TV’I Ichil decetero detur probrevi inquifitionis ab ‘	T Othing from henceforth fhall be given for a Writ

L\ eo qui inquifitionem petit de vita vel c de ‘' if\ of Inquifition,

membris fet gratia concedaVur & non negeturi.

13 Ed. I. flat. ], c. 19, « Atia..

Mirior'3i4. Rcgift. 133, 134.

Inft. 4/:

, nor taken of him that prayeth Amended by ‘ Inquifition of Life, or of Member, but it fhall be I Ed-c; l5;

« granted freely, and not denied.’	fpff. I J *

And fee 23 Ed. 3; c. 9. which takes away this Writ of Inquifitiony otberwife called the Writ de Qdia^

CAP. XXVII,

Tenure of the King in Socage,, and of another by Knights Service,. Petit Serjeanty.

SId aliqui teneant dc nobis per feodi firmam vel per focagium vel e burgagium & de alio teneant terram per fervicium militar’ nos non hahebimus cuftodiamheredis necterre f fue que eft de feodo'al-terius occafione illius feodi firmc vel focagiivel bur-gagii nec habebimus cuftodiam illius feodi firrae vel focagii vel Burgagii nifi. ipfa feodi firma debeat fervicium militare. Nos non habebimus cuftodiam heredis vel alicujus terre quam tenet de 8 aliquo alio per fervicium militare occafione alicujus parve h ferjantie quam tenet de nobis per fervicium red-dendi nobis cultellos vel fagittas vel hujufmodi.

CAP.

‘ TF any do hold of us byFee-ferm, or by Socage, or ‘ A Burgage, and he holdeth Lands of another by'

‘ Knights Service, we will not have the Cuftody of his ‘ heir, nor of his Land, which is holden of the Fee of ‘ another, by reafon of that Fee-ferm, Socage,-oi*Bur-Bro.T=nureM>9,-‘ gage. (2) Neither will we have the cuftody.of fuch Fltz- Gard-145.-‘ Fee-ferm, or Socage, or Burgage, except Knights 2 Inft-+5-‘ Service be due unto us out of the fame Fee-ferm.

‘ (3) We will not have the cuftody of the Heir, or of* Wbidbehdi-‘ any Land, * by occafion ofany Petit Serjeanty, that any	°f another by

‘ man holdeth of us by Service to pay a Knife, an Ar- 0lf. ThhTdiZ row, - Or the like. ■	.	betny	abolijbed	by	-

iz.'Car, 2. c, 24 >

XXVIII..

Wager of Law fhall not be without Witnefs. ■

NUllusBall'ivus decetero ponat aliquem ad legem manifeftam ‘ nec ad juramentum fim-plici loquela .fua fine teftibus fiddibus ad hoc in-duftis..

‘ TWTO Bailiff from henceforth fhall put any man toFi(z. Ley, 7?.’-e 1 \J his open Law, nor to an oath, upon his own Br01 IjC-v> 37-‘ bare faying, without faithful Witnefles brought in for 2 Inft. 44,

* the fame.’

C A P. • XXIX.

None fhall be condemned without Trial. Juflice fhall not be fold or deferred.

NUllus liber homo k capiatur vel imprifonetur aut difleifiatur de libero tenementofuo vel li-bvtatibus vel liberis confuetudinibus fuis aut utla-

‘ TO Freeman fhall betaken, or imprifoned, ore Co. 64.

‘ JL.N be diffelfed of his Freehold, or. Liberties, or 10 Co-74. * free Cuftoms, or be outlawed, or exiled, or anyother- j

a Dccflc libero,’ ib, b * Ut,’ ib. c D. * de,’ ib. 5 D, « ali^uo/.ib, h * Seijanterie3’ ib. * * Vel,' ib.

d < Allquis tencat,’ ib. c * Pc.r bnrga«ium/ ib, t' i Alicujus/ ib. k ■< Dc cctero capiatur aut,’ ib,

‘ wife--

C. 30—33-

$

Anno nono Henrici IJL

A. D. 1225.

Regift. 186.

.Mirror 314..

1	Anderf. 158.

2	Bulftr. 318.

3	Bulftr. 4.7.

Wood’s Inft.

€ 13, 674. Enforced by 2 Ed. 3, c, 37 Ed. 3.0 18 ftar-Cb&mher.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. getur aut exulet aut aliquo a modo deftruatur nec luper eum ibimus nec fuper eum mittemus nifi per legale judicium parium fuorum vel per legem terre. Nulli vendemus nulli negabimus aut differemus reftum vel juftitiam.

Confirmed and amended by 25 Ed. 3. Bat. 5. c, 4.	28 Ed. 3. c. 3.

(/ 16 ‘

wife deftroyed; nor will wo not pafs upon him, nor condemn him *, but by lawful Judgment of his Peers, or by the Law of the Land, (2) We will fell to no man, we will not deny or defer to any man either Juftice or Right.’

1i by 2 Ed. 3, c. 8. Confirmed by	5 Ed.	3. c. 9.	14. Ed. 3. fiat. t. c, 24.

42 Ed. 3. c. 3.	11 R. 2, c. 10.	See 4	H. 7. c. 12. giving DtrcElions to Jufiicet of the Peace, and 16 Car, I. c.	10. for taking away the

a Roll. 208,209,225.	12	Co. 50,63,93,

* The Wards, abovef marked in Italicks, do by no means exprefs the Senje of the Original. The two Verbs, Ibimus and Mittemus evidently fiand in ContradifiinSlion to each other, and	Are indeed much eafier expounded than trarfiated j therefore,	we cannot do belter than recur to Lord Coke'x

Expofirion, which is affollows :-c No	Man Jhall be condemned at the King's Suit, either before	the King in bis	Bench, where the Pleas are

• Corim Rege, (and jo are the Words nec fuper eum ibimus, to be underfood) nor before any other Commijfoner cr Judge whatever (and fo arc e the Words Nec fuper eura'-imttemus, to be underflood.*)

CAP. XXX.

Merchant Strangers coming into this Realm (hall be well ufed.

A’LL Merchants (if they-were not openly prohibited before) fhall have their fafe and fure Conduit to depart out of England, to come into England, to tarry in, and go through England, as well by Land as by water, to buy and fell without any manner of evil Tolts, by the old and rightful Cuftoms, except in time of War. (2) And if they be of aland making War againft us, and * be found in our Realm at the beginning of the Wars, they fhall be attached without harm of body or goods, until it be known unto us, or our Chief Juftice, how our Mer-chants be intreated there in the land making War afv.d. 3. flat. 4.4 againft us; (3) and if our Merchants be well in-c. 2.	‘	treated	there, theirs fhall be likewife with us.’

2 R. 2. flat. 1. c. i. ,1 R. a. c. 7. To tbcje may be added z Ed. 3. c. 9. nukxcb eonjirms this chap. 16Rich jReJlriltiais. 5 II 4. e. 7. 4 II. 5. c. 3. And 12 H. 7. c. 6. concerning Merchant Adventurers.

* Inft. 57.

■12 Co. 33.

2 Roll. u;. J Bulftr. 134.

'* Add Jutb.

Confirmed and amcmled by 9 Ed 3. Bit. a. c. 1.

OMiles mercatores nifi publice antca prohibiti fuerint habeant falvum Sc fecurum b con-duifum exire de Angl’ Sc venire in Angl’ Sc morari & ire per Angl’ tarn per terrain quam per aquam ad emend’ & vendend’ fine omnibus toltis malis per an-tiquas Sc rettas confuetudines preterquam in tempore guerre Sc fi fint de terra contra nos guerrina Sc c tales inveniantur in terra noftra in principle* guerre attachientur fine dampno corporum vel rerum donee feiatur a nobis vel a capitali Juftic’ noi-tro quomodo Mercatores terre noftre tra&entur qui tunc inveniuntur in terra ilia contra nos guerrina Sc fi noftri falvi fint ibi alii falvi fint in terra noftra.

2, ct i, which puts Merchant Strangers under fame

CAP. XXXI.

1 enure of a Barony coming into the King’s Hands by Efchete.

Bro. Livery, 58.

*	Add Lancafier, Bro. Tenures, 57, 61, 94, 99* 26 H.£. pi. 3.

*	Inft. 14.

•f- Add fueb. Re^ft. 184.

Enforced by

j Ed. 3. ft a l. 2. c. jy and 1EA.

IF any man hold of any Efehete, as of the honour of JVaUingford, Nottingham, Boloin, * or of * any other Efctietes which be in our hands, and 4 are Baronies, and die, his Heir fhall give none ‘ other Relief, nor do none other Service to Us, than 4 he fhould to the Baron, if it were in the Baron’s 4 hand. (2) And we in the fame wife fhall hold it as 4 the Baron held it; neither fhall we have, by occafion 4 of any f Barony or Efchete, any Efchete or keep-4 ing of any of our men, unlefs he that held the Barony ' .or Efchete otherwife held of us in chief.

SI quis tenuerit de aliqua efcaeta ficut de honore Wallingford’ Bolonie Nottingh’d Lancaftr’ vel aliis efcaetis que funt in manu noftra Sc fint Baronie Sc obierit heres ejus non det aliud relevium nec faciat nobis aliud fervicium quam faceret Baroni fi ilia eflet in manu Baronis Sc nos eodemmodo cam tenebimus quo Baro earn tenuit Nec nos occafione talis Baronie vel efcaete habebimus aliquam efcactam vel cuftodiam aliquorum noftrorum hominum nifi de nobis alibi tenuerit in capite ille qui tenuit baro-niam vel efcaetam.

6.c. 4. Rendered obf. by 12 Car. 2. c. 24, which-takes away Tenures in capite,

CAP. XXXII.

Lands fhall not be aliened to the Prejudice of the Lord’s Service.

C<», Lit. 43. a.

2 Inft. 65.

Altered by 12 Ed.

1.	ftat 1. c. 2. Obf by tz Car.

2.	C. 24.

4 O Freeman from henceforth fhall give or fell 4 1 Aj any more of his Land, but fo that ot the refidue 4 of the Lands the Lord of the Fee may have the Scr-4 vice due to him, which bclongeth to the Fee.’

UIlus liber homo det decetero amplius alicu1 vel vendat de terra fua quam ut de refiduo terre fue fufficienter poflit fieri domino feodi fervi-tium ei debitum quod pertinet ad feodum illud.

CAP. XXXIII.

Patrons of Abbies fhall have the Cuftody of them in the time of Vacation.

Qnfrmtdlt 4 A LL Pattons of Abbies, which have the King’s 2jEH. 3. (far.3. 4 j \ Charters of England of Advowfon, or have old c- '•	4	Tenure	or PofTeffion in the fame, fhall have the Cuf-

4 tody of them when they fall void, as it hath been ac-2 inft. hi. ‘ cuftomed, and as it is afore declared.’

‘J 31 U* ^' f* '3' for r^e biflhlution of Monajlcries and Abbeys.

* « Alio modo,’ ib, b D. ‘ conJuftum,’ ib. < « Si lilts,* ib. 4

OMnes patroni Abbathiarum qui habent cartas regum Anglic de advocatione vel antiquam tenuram vel pofleffioncm habeant carum cuftodiam cum vacaverint ficut habere debent Sc ficut * fupe-rius declaratum eft.

< Bolon. Laocaflr. vel aliis quae Cunt/ ib.

0 Supra,’ ib.

CAP.

A.D. 1225

Anno nono Henrici III.

C. 34—37

9

CAP. XXXIV;

In what only Cafe a Woman fhall have an Appeal of Death.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

• N° Man fhall be taken or imprifoned upon the Bro. Appeal, 5,

Ullus capiatur aut imprifonetur propter appel-

lum femine de morte alterius quam viri fui.

Appeal of a Woman for the Death of any other, '7. 6’» 63> io4j

‘ than of her Hufband.’	r

Rati. Ent. 43.

CAP. XXXV.

At what Time fhall be kept a County Court, Sheriff’s Turn, and a Leet.

N Ullus Comitatus decetero teneatur nifi de men-fe in menfem Sc ubi major terminus effe fole-bat major fit. Nec aliquis Vicecomes vel Ballivus ? fuus faciat tornum fuum per Hundredum nifi bis in anno & non nifi in loco debito Sc confueto videlicet femel poll Pafch’ Sc iterum poft feftum fandti Michaelis. Et vifiis de franco plegio tunc fiat ad ilium terminum fandti Michaelis fine occafione Ita fcilicet quod quilibethabeatlibertates fuas quas ha-buit b vel habere confuevit tempore H. Regis Avi noftri vel quas poftea perquifivit fiat autem vifus de franco plegio fic videlicet quod pax noftra teneatur Sc quod c theothinga teneatur integra ficut effe confuevit Sc quod Vicecomes non querat occafiones Sc quod contentus fit 11 de eo quod Vic’ habere confuevit de vifu fuo faciendo tempore H. Regis Avi noftri.

CAP.

O County Court from henceforth fhall beholden, Fin. Leet, it. _ . but from Month to Month; and where greater 8 B. 7. f. 4. time hath been ufed, there fhall be greater : (2) Nor.'201 • any Sheriff, or his Bailiff, fhall keep his Turn in die ,”’0~ 'Tij5’ Hundred but twice in the Year; and no where but in “ due place, and accuffomed ; that is to fay, once after Eajler, and again after the Feaft of Saint Michael.

(3)	And the View of Frankpledge fhall be likewife at the Feaft of Saint Michael without occafion; fo that every man may have his Liberties which he had, or ufed to have, in the time of King Henry our Grandfather, or which he hath purchafed fince.

(4)	* The View of Frankpledge fhall be fo done, * Aii But. that our Peace may be kept; (5) and that the Ty-

thing be wholly kept as it hath been accuftomed ;

(6) and that the Sheriff feek no Occafions, and that he be content with fo much as the Sheriff was Regia. 175,187. wont to have for his View-making in the time ofF-N,B-:6‘-King Henry our Grandfather.’	Enforced	a„d

0	amended by 31 fcd.

3. ftat, 1. c. 15.

XXXVI.

No Land fhail be given in Mortmain.

NEC

domui religiofe ita

liceat decetero alicui dare terram fuam quod illam refumat de eadem domo t-enendam. Nec liceat alicui domui religiofe terram alicujus fic accipere quod tradat illam illi a quo cam recepit tenendam. Si quis autem decetero terram fuam alicui domui religiofe fic dederit Sc fuper hocconvincatur donum fuum peni-tus caffetur & terra ilia domino f illius fcodi incur-rauir.

c. 3.] 27 Ed. 1. ft. 2. [18 Ed. i.flat, 3. c. 3.] 15 R. i c. 5. and • 21 Jac. 1. c. 1.	13	& 14 Car. 2. c. 12. for ere Sling Hof fit ah,

9 Geo, 2. c, 36, Refraining Gifts in Mortmain by Will.

‘ I T fliall not be lawful from henceforth to any Fitz. Mortm. 1,

‘ 1 to give his Lands to any Religious Houfe, and 3.

‘ to take the fame Land again to hold of the fame Ero- Mortm. 36.

‘ Houfe. Nor fhall it be lawful to any Houfe of Reli-2	74-

‘ gion to take the Lands of any, and to leafe the fame V 00 s nl '3CI'

‘ to him of whom he received it. If any from hence- Enforced and

1 forth give his Lands to any Religious houfe, and amended by 7 Ed,

‘ thereupon be convidt, the Gift fhall be utterly void, '•	*•13

* and the Land fhall accrue to the Lord of the Fee.’ I' eZh *' cf 3*’

[itEd.i.far.i.

; H. 8. c. 10. Altered by I & 2 Ph. & M. c. 8. •■permitting Gifts in Mortmain. 39 El. c. 5* 7 & %W, 3. c, 37. giving the Crown Power to grant Licences to alien in Mortmain. And

CAP. XXXVII.

A Subfidy in refpedt of this Charter, and the Charter of the Fore ft, granted to the King.

SCutagium decetero capiatur ficut capi ’ confuevit tempore H. Regis avi noftri. Etfalve fint Archiepis’ Epis’Abbatibus PrioribusTemplar’ Hof-pitelar’ Comitibus Baronibus & omnibus aliis tarn ecclefiafticis perfonis quam fecularibus " omnes li-bertates & libere coniuetudines quas prius habue-runt. Omnes autem confuetudines Sc libertates predidtas quas conceffimus in regno noftro tenendas' quantum ad nos pertinet erga nojlros Omnes de regno noftro tarn clerici quam laid obfervent quantum ad fe pertinet erga fnos. Pro hac autem dona-tione Sc conceffione libertatum iftarum & aliarum

‘ T? Scuage from henceforth fhall be taken like as it z in(L ‘ My was wont to be in the time of King Henry our ‘ Grandfather ; referving to all Archbifhops, Bifhops,

‘ Abbots, Priors, Templers, Hofpitallers, Earls, Ba-( ions, and all perfons, as well Spiritual as Temporal,

‘ all their free Liberties and free Cuftoms, which they * have had in time paffed. (2) And all thefe Cuftoms ‘ and Liberties aforefaid, which we have-granted to be ‘ holden within this our Realm, as much as appertain-‘ eth to us * and our Heirs, eve Jhall ohferve ; (3) and * For and our ‘ all Men of this our Realm, as well Spiritual as Tern- heirs, read v-ith ‘ poral (as much as in them is) fhall obferve the fame ri%a t0

. 3 D. ‘fuus,’ ib. h ‘Et.’ib. c ‘ Ticthinga integra tit ficut,’ ib. a D, ‘de/ib, t ‘ Solebat,’ ib.	b	Deeft, ‘ omnes,’ ib,

VOL.I.

e ‘ Non liceat,’ ib.

c

f ' Suo illius,' ib. ‘ againft

} For on the other c Part, read for us € find cur Mrs, c

f For again ft ail ‘ f againft all perfons in like wife. (4) And for this perfuns, read ‘ our Gift and Grant of thefe Liherties, and of other with refneft to ‘ contained in our Charter of Liberties of our Foreft, t',clrs‘	c	the A’rchbifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors, Earls,

‘ Barons, Knights, Freeholders, and other our Sub-‘ jeifts, have given unto us the Fifteenth Part of all their Moveables. (;) And we have granted unto them on the other part J, that neither we, nor our Heirs, {hall procure or do any thing whereby the Liberties in this Charter contained {hall be infringed or broken; (6) and if any thing be procured by any perfon contrary to the premifl'es, it fhall be had of no force nor efFedt. Thefe being Witnefies; Lord B. Archbifhop of Canterbury, E. Bifhop of London, J. Bifhop of Bathe, P. of Winchefhr, H. of Lincoln, R. of Salifury, TV. of Rochefter, TV. of TVorcefer, J. of Ely, H. of Hereford, R. of Chi chef er, TV. of Exeter, Bifhops ; the Abbot of St. Edmonds, the Abbot of St. Albans, the Abbot of Bello, the Abbot oF St. Aitguf ines in Canterbury, the Abbot of Eve-Jham, the Abbot of TVefminfer, the Abbot of Bourgh St. Peter, the Abbot of Reding, the Abbot of Abin-don, the Abbot of Malmjbury, the Abbot of TVmch-comb, the Abbot of Hyde, the Abbot of Certefey, the Abbot of Sberburn, the Abbot of Ccrne, the Abbot of Abbotebir, the Abbot of Middleton,. the Abbot of Seleby, the Abbot of Cirencefer; H. de Burgh Juftice, H. Earl of Chefer and Lincoln, TV. Earl of Salijbury, TV. Earl of TVarren, G. de Clare Earl of Gloucefer and Hereford §, TV. de Ferrars Earl of Derby, TV. de Mandeville Earl of EJJ'ex, H. de Bygod Earl of Norfolk, TV. Earl of Albemarle, H. Earl of Hereford, ■ y. Confable of Chefer, R. de Ros, R. Fitz.ivalter,. 4 R. de Vyponte, TV. de Bruer, R. de Muntefichet, ‘ P. Fitzherbert, TV. de Aubenie, F. Grefy, F. de Breus, ‘ J. de Monemue, J. Fitzal/en, II de Mortimer, TV. * AH, Given at ‘ de Beauchamp, TV. de St. John, P. de Mauly, Brian

§ For Hereford, trad Hertford,

Wefiminficr the 11 tb Day of February, in the qth Year of our Reign,

A Confirmation of the aforefaid Liberties made by K. Edzu. I,

For and if any * Article, t£c. read c although feme c Articlej in the fame Charter contained have not hi- * therto perhaps	6

been obferved.	;

I The llth Day of Oflchcr, in the twenty-fifth Year of cur Reign,

de Life, Thomas de Multon, R. de Argenteyn, G. de Nevil, TV. de Mauduit, J. de Balm, and others *. ‘ II. We, ratifying and approving thefe Gifts and Grants aforefaid, confirm and make flrong all the fame for 11s and our Heirs perpetually, and, by the Tenour of thefe Prefents, do renew the fame; willing and granting for us and our Heirs, that this Charter, and all and lingular his Articles, for ever {hall be fte'dfaftly, firmly, and inviolably obferved; 4 and if any Article in the fame Charter, contained, yet hitherto peradventure hath not been ke]L \ we will, and by Authority Royal command, from henceforth firmly they be obferved. In witnefs whereof we have caufed. thefe our Letters Patents to be made. T. Edward our Son at TVefminfer, J the Twenty-eighth Day of March, in the Tivtnty-eighth Tear of our Reign.'

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. contentarum in carta noftra de libertatibus forelte Archiepifcopi Epifcopi Abbates Priores Comites Barones Militcs libere tenentes & omnes de regno noftro dederunt nobis quintamdecimam partem omnium mobilium fuomm. Conceffimus etiam eif-dem pro nobis & heredibus noftris quod nec nos nec hereaes noflri aliquid perquiremus per quod liber-tates in hac carta contente infringantur vel infir-mentur. Et li ab aliquo contra hoc aliquid per-quifitum fuerit nichil valeat & pro nullo habeatur. Hiis teftibus domino S. Cantuar’ Archiep’o E. London’ Ep’o J. Bathon’ Ep’o P. Wynton’ H. Lincoln’ R. Sarum W. Roff ’ W.Wygorn’ J. Elien’ H. Hereforden’ R. Ci ceftr’ W. Exon Epifcopis. Abbate fandli Edmundi Abbate fandti Albani Ab-bate de Bello Abbate fanfti Aiiguftini Cantuar’ Abbate de Evefham Abbate de Weilm’ Abbate de Burgo fanfti Petri Abbate de Reding Abbate de Abyndon’ Abbate de Malmefbur’ Abbate de Wyn-checumbe Abbate de Hida Abbate de Certefeye Abbate de Shirburn’ Abbate de Cerne Abbate de Abbotebir’ Abbate de Middilton’ Abbate de Seleby Abbate de Cirenceftr’ H. de Burgo Jufticiario H. Comite Ceftr’ & Lincoln’ W. Comite Sarum W. Comite Warren’ G. de Clare Comite Glou-ceftr’ & Hertford’ W. de Ferrar Comite Derb’ W. de Mandevill Comite Eflex’ H. le Bigod Comite NorfF W. Comite Albemarlie H. Comite Hereford’ J. Conftabular’ Ceftr’ R. de Ros R. filio Waited R. de Veteri Ponte W. de Bruer’ R. de Muntefichet P. filio Herberti W. de Aubeny F. Grefly F. de Breus’ J. de Monemue J. filio Alani H. de Mortuo Mari W. de Bello Campo W. de Sandlo Johanne P. de Malo Lacu Briano de Infula Thoma de Multon R. de Argentein G. de Nevill W. Mauduit J. de Baiun & aliis. Dat’ apud Weilm’ xj. die Eebr’ anno regni noflri nono.

Nos autem donationes & concefiiones predidlas ratas habentes & gratas eas pro nobis & heredibus noftris conceaimus & confirmamus eafque tenore prefentium innovamus volentes & concedentes pro nobis & heredibus noftris quod carta predidta in omnibus & fingulis fuis articulis imperpetuum fir-miter & inviolabiliter obfervetur etiam fi aliqui ar-ticuli in eadem carta contend hucufque forfitan non fuerint obfervati. In cujus rei teftimonium has lit-teras noftrasfieri fecimus patentes. T. Edwardo filio noftro apud Weftm’ duodecimo die OclobT anno regni noftri vicefimo ouinto.

CHAR T 'h

Anno nono Henrici III,

C. 1—4.

n

CHARTA FORESTS

Made at Weftminfter 10 Feb. Anno 9 Hen. III. and A. D. 1225* and confirmed Anno 28 Edw. I. and A. D. 1299.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 38, 39.

EDWARDUS Dei gratia Rex Angl’ Domi-nus Hibernie Sc Dux Aquit’ Omnibus ad quos prefentes littere pervenerint falutem. Tnfpeximus cartam Domini H. quondam Regis An-glie patris noftri de forefta in hec verba:

HEN ICUS Dei gratia Rex Angl’ Dominus Hibern’ Dux Norman’ Aquit’ St Comes Andegav’ Archiepis’ Epis’ Abbatibus Prioribus Comitibus Baronibus Jufticiariis Foreftar’ Vicecomitibus Pre-pofitis Miniftris St omnibus Ballivis St fidelibus fuis prefentemcartam infpedturis falutem. Sciatis quod

“ tfj'v DWARD, by the Grace of God, King of “ H England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan,

“	^	to	all	to	whom thefe Prefents fhall come, fend-

“ eth Greeting. We have feen the Charter of the “ Lord Henry our Father, fometime Kingof England,

14 concerning the Foreft, in thefe Words :

“ HENRY, by the Grace of God, King of Eng- Confrmtdiy “ land, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and of 4*	3-	c-.	*,

‘ ‘ Guy an, See. as in the beginning of the Great Char-“ ter.]	fat.	'	*

. ■ c. 1,

mm	m	*S	1, fiat%	t,

nos intuitu Dei St pro falute anime noftre Sc animarum anteceflorum Sc fuccefforum noftrorum ad exaltationem c> > J farnSe ecclefie Sc emendationem regni noftri fpontanea Sc bona voluntate noftra dedimus Sc conceflimus Archiepis’ Epis’ Comitibus Baronibus Sc omnibus de regno noftro has libertates fubfcriptas tenendas in regno noftro Angl’ imperpetuum.

CAP. I.

Certain Grounds fhall be difafforefted.

IN primis o'mnes forefte quas Henricus Rex Avus nofter afForeftavit videantor per bonos Sc legales homines Sc fi bofcum aliquem alium quam fuum dominicum afForeftaverit ad dampnum illius cujus bofcus ille fuerit deafforeftetur Sc ft bofcum fuum proprium afForeftaverit remaneat forefta falva communa de herbagio Sc aliis in eadem forefta illis •qui prius earn habere confueverunt.

* T7IRST, We will that all Forefts, which King ^30o>

‘ Henry our Grandfather afForefted, fhall be 3 Buidr, 2ij. ‘ viewed by good and lawful men; (2) and if he have ‘ made Foreft of any other-Wood more than of his ‘ own demefne, whereby the Owner of the Wood hath ‘ hurt, forthwith it fhall be difaft'orefted ; (3) and if ‘ he have made Foreft of his own Wood, then it fhall ‘ remain Foreft; (4) faving the Common of Herbage,

‘ and of other things in the fame Foreft, to them ‘ which before were accuftomed to have the fame.

CAP. II.

Who are bound to the Summons of the Foreft.

HOmines vero qui manent extra foreftam non veniant decetero coram Juftic’ noftris de forefta per communes fummonitiones nifi fint in pla-citovel plegii alicujusvel aliquorum qui attachiati funt propter foreftam.

‘ "IX/TEN that dwell out of the Foreft, from hence-‘ XVJL forth fhall not come before the Jufticers of our ‘ Foreft by common Summons, unlefs they be impleaded ‘ there, or be Sureties for fome others that were at-‘ tached for the Foreft.’

CAP. III.

Certain Woods made Foreft fhall be difafforefted.

OMnes autem bofci qui fuerunt afforeftati per Regem Ricardum Avunculum noftrum vel per Regem Johannem patrem noftrum ufque ad primam coronationem noftram ftatim deafforeften-tur nifi fit dominicus bofcus nofter.

‘ A LL Woods which have beeh made Foreft by ‘ ji King Richard our Uncle, or by King John ‘ our Father, until our firft Coronation, fhall be forth-‘ with difafforefted, unlefs it be our demefne Wood.’

CAP. IV.

No Purprefture, Wafte, or Afiert, fhall be made in Forefts.

A Rchiepifcopi Epifcopi Abbates Priores Comites Barones Milites libere tenentes qui habent bpfcos fuos in foreftis habeant bofcos fuos ftcut eos

*	A LL Archbifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors,’Earls,

*	Barons, Knights, and other our Freeholders,

*	which have their Woods in Forefts, fhall have their

C 2	4	Woods

1 2

4 Rift. 307,

* Woods as they had them at the fir ft Coronation of ‘ King Henry our Grandfather, fo that they fhall be 4 quit for ever of all Purprcftures, Waftes; and Aflerts, ‘ made in thofe Woods after that Time, until the be-‘ ginning of the fecondYear of our Coronation ; and ‘ thofe that from henceforth do make Purprefture with-‘ out our licence, or Wafte or Albert in the fame, fltall ‘ anfwer unto us for the fame Waftes, Purpreftures, 4 and AiTerts.’

Ex Rot. in Tun'. Lond. habucrunt tempore prime coronationis Regis Henrici Avi noftri Ita quod quieti Tint imperpetuum de omnibus piirprefturis vaftis Sc aflartis fadtis in lilts bofeis j>oft illud tempus ufque ad principium fecundi anni coronationis noftre. Et qui decetero vallum purprefturam've! alTartum fine liccntia no-ftra in ill’ fecerint de vaftis purprefturis & aflartis refpondeant.

CAP. V.

When Rangers fhall make their Range in the Foreft.

4 /AUR Rangers fhall go through the Foreft to make ‘ V J Range, as it hath been accullomed at the time ‘ of the lirft Coronation of King Henry ourGrand-4 father, and not otherwife.’

TA Egardatores noftri eant per foreftas ad faci-XV endum regardum ficut fieri confuevit tempore prime coronationis Reg’ Henrici Avi noftri &

nnn

4 Inft. 289. & 308.

CAP. VI.

Lawing of Dogs in Forefts.

‘ PI E enquiry or view for Lawing of Dogs within ‘ JL our Foreft fltall be made from henceforth when ‘ the Range is made, that is to fay, from three year to ‘ three year ; and then it fhall be done by the view and 4 teflimony of lawful men, and not otherwife ; (z) and 4 he whofe Dog is not lawed, and fo found, fhall pay 4 for his Amerciament iii.s. (3) And from henceforth 4 no Ox fhall be taken for Lawing of Dogs ; (4) 4 and fuch Lawing fhall be done by the Affile com-4 monly ufed, that is to fay, that three Claws of the 4 Fore-foot fhall be cut off by the Skin. (5) But from 4 henceforth fuch Lawing of Dogs fhall not be, but in 4 Places where it hath been accullomed from the time 4 of the firft Coronation of the forefaid King Henry 4 our Grandfather.’

CAP.

INquifitio vel vifus de expeditatione canum ex-iflentium in forefia decetero fiat quando fieri debet regardum fcilicet de tertio anno in tertium annum & tunc fiat per vifum & teflimonium lega-lium bominum Si non aliter & ille cujus canis inventus fuerit tunc non expeditatus det pro miferi-cordia tres folidos. Et decetero nullus bos capia-tur pro expeditatione Tal’ autem fiat expeditatio per affifam communiter ufitatam quod tres cotelli abfeindantur fine pelota de pede anteriori. Nec expeditentur canes decetero nifi in loeis ubi confue-verunt expeditari tempore prime coronationis pre~ difti Regis Henrici avi noftri..

VII.

In what only Cafes Gathering fhall be in Forefls.

4 Inft. 29a.

Fnforced by 25'Ed. 3. flat, c. 7.

4 YT O Forefter or Bedel from henceforth fhall make ■ 4 INN Scotal, or gather Garb, or Oats, or any Corn, 4 Lamb, or Pig, nor fhall make any Gathering, but by 4 the fight, and upon the view of the twelve Rangers, 4 when they fliall make their Range. (2) So many 4 Foreliers fhall be affigned to the keeping of the Fo-„ 4 refts, as reafonably fhall feem fufficient for the keep-y 4 ing of the fame.’

NUllus foreftarius vel bedellus decetero faciaf fcotallas vel coliigat garbas vel avenam vel bladum aliquod vel agnos vel porcellos nec aliquam colledtam faciat Si per vifum & facramentum duo-decim regardatorum quando facient regardum. Tot foreftarii ponantur ad foreftas cuftodiendas quot ad illas cuftodiendas rationabiliter viderint fufficere.

C A P. VIII.

When Swanimotes fhall be kept, and who fliall repair to them.

4 VT O Swanimote from henceforth fhall be kept 4 IN within this our Realm, but thrice in the year, 4 videlicet, the beginning of Fifteen Days afore Mi-4 chaelmas, v/hen that our Geft-takers, or Walkers of 4 our Woods, come together to take Ageftment in our 4 demefne Woods, and about the Feaft of St. Martin \7i:	!0	* * in the JFinter, when that our Geft-takers fhall re-

r6r'm- ‘ ce've our Pawnagc: (z) And to thefe two Swani-Ba/' ‘	“	4 motes fhall come together our Foreffers, Vierders,

4 Geft-takers, and none other, by diflrcfs. (3) And 4 the third Swanimote fhall be kept in the beginning 4 of fifteen days before the Fcafl of St. John Baptijt, ‘ v/hen that our Geft-takers do meet to hunt our Deer;

Ullum fwanimotum decetero teneatur in regno-noftro nifi ter in anno videlicet in principio quindecim dierum ante feftum fantti Michaelis quando Agiftatores noftri conveniunt ad agiftand’’ dominicos bofeos noftros & circa feftum fandti Martini quando agiftatores noftri debent recipere panna-gium noftrum Sc ad ifta duo fwanimota conveniant foreftarii viridarii Si agiftatores Sc non alii per di-flrictionem & tertium fwanimotum teneatur in initio quindecim dierum ante feftum fandli Johannis Baptifte pro feonatione beftiai um noftnrum. Sr ad illud fwanimotum tenendum conveniant foreftarii viridarii & non alii per diftridlionem, Prc-r. tea fin-

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond. gulis quadraginta diebus_ per totum annum conve-niant foreftarii & viridarii ad vidend’ attachiamenta de forefta tam de viridi quam de venatione per pre-fentationem foreftariorum ipforum & coram ipfis attachiatis. Pred'ufta autem fwanimota non tene-antur nifi in Comitatibus in quibus teneri. confuc-verunt.-

c and at this Svvanimote fhall meet our Forefters, Vier-‘ ders, and none other, by diftrefs. (4) Moreover,

‘ every forty days through the year our Forefters and c Vierders fhall meet to fee the Attachments of the Fo-‘ reft, as well for Greenhue, as for Hunting, by the ‘ Presentment of the fame Forefters, and before them c‘ attached. (<;)- And the faid Swanimotes fhall not be ‘ kept but within the Counties in which, they have ufed 4 Inft. 289, ‘ to be kept.’	.	3H>	3i6>

CAP. IX.

Who may take Ageftment and Pawnage in Forefts.

UNufquifque liber homo agiftet bofcum fuum in forefta pro voluntate fua & habeat panna-

E'rm fuum. Concedimus etiam quod unufquifque erhomo ducere poflit porcos fuos per dominicum bofcum noftrum libere & fine impedimento ad agi-ftand’ eos in bofcis fuis propriis vel alibi ubi volu-erit. Et ft porci alicujus liberi hominis una no<fte pernodfavcrint in forefta noftra non inde occafione-tur unde aliquid de fuo perdat.

T? Very Freeman may ageft his own Wood within C, our Foreft at his pleafure, and fhall take his Pawnage; (2) Alfo we do grant, that every Freeman may drive his Swine freely without Impediment through our demefne Woods, for to ageft them in-their own Woods, or elfe where they will. (3) And if the Swine of any Freeman lie one night within our Foreft, there fhall be no occafion taken thereof, whereby he may lofe any thing of his.own.’

CAP. X.

The Punifhment for killing the King’s Deer;

NUllus decetero amittat vitam vel membra pro venatione noftra fet ft quis captus fuerit & convi&us de captione venationis graviter redimatur ft habeat unde redimi poflit ft autem non habeat unde redimi poflit jaceat in prifona noftra per unum annum & unum diem & ft poft unum annum & unum diem plegios invenire poflit exeat de prifona fin autem abjuret regnum Anglie.

O man from henceforth fhall lofe either Life or Member for killing of our Deer: (2) But if any man be taken, and convidt for taking of our Ve-nifon, he fhall make a grievous Fine, if he have any thing whereof; (3) and if he have nothing to lofe, he fhall be imprifoned a Year and a Day : (4) and Regift;go. after the Year and Day expired, if he can find fufS-^-tnft. 313. cient fureties, he fhall be delivered ; and if not, he b 1 Ed. fhall abjure the Realm of England.’	iita'

4 Hen. 7. c. 7, * Add 3 Ed. 1. c. 20. and 7 R. 2. c. 4, ’which likcwife alter tbit Chapter.

* Read c. 6,

CAP. XI.

A Nobleman may kill a Deer in the-Foreft;

QUicumque Archiepifcopus Epifeopus Comes vel Baro veniens ad nos ad mandatum noftrum rranfterit per foreftam noftram liceat ei capere unam beftiam vel duas pervifum foreftarii ft prefens fuerit fin autem faciat cornari ne videatur furtive hoc fa-cere idem liceat eis in redeundo facere ficut pre-didtum elf.

1 Hatfoever Archbifhop', Bifhop, Earl or Baron, 4 Inft. 309.-, , coming to us at our commandment, palling by our Foreft, it fhall be lawful for him to take and kill one or two of our Deer, by view of our Forefter, if he be prefent; or elfe he fhall caufe one to blow an horn for him, that he feem not to fteal our Deer ; and likewife they fhall do returning from us, as it is ,• afore faid..’

CAP. XII.

How a Freeman may ufe his Land in the Foreft.

UNufquifque liber homo decetero fine occafione faciat in bofeo fuo vel in terra fua quam ha-bet in forefta Molendinum vivarium ftagnumMar-leram foflatum vel terram arabilem extra coopertum in terra arabili its quod non fit ad nocumentum alicujus vicinL

‘ T7 Very Freeman from henceforth, without danger,-.

‘ aL fhall make in his. own Wood, or in his Land', c or in his Water, which he hath wftthin our. Foreft,

‘ Mills, Springs; rods, Marl-pits, Dikes^ or earable ‘ ground, without inclofing that eatable ground *, fo * fit without ‘ that it be not to the Annoyance of any of hieneigh^^^^*'

bt)Urs»	-	without	thfc

covert,- -

CAP,

A.D. 1225

CAP. XIII.

How a Freeman may ufe his Land in the Foreft:.

c T? Very Freeman fhall have, within his own Woods, ‘ JA/ Ayries of Hawks, Sparrow-hawks, Faulcons, ‘ Eagles, and Herons; and fhall have alfo the Honey s that is found within his Woods.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

T "TNufquifque liber homo habeat in bofcis fuis aerias accipitrum efparvariorum falconum a-qiiilarum & heironum habeat fimilitcr mel quodin-ventum fuerit in bofcis fuis.

C A P. XIV.

Who may take Chimmage or Toll in a Foreft, for what caufe, and how much.

4 Inft. 30SJ

Read fren1 •without his Bailiwick.

■f Add wit bin his Bailiwick.

% Add clfcwbcrc.

y Theft concluding words of exception are not in the original.

NO Forefter from henceforth, which is not Forefter in fee, paying to us ferm for his Bailiwick, fhall take any Chimmage or Toll within bis Bailiwick; (2) but a Forefter in fee, paying us ferm for his Bailiwick, fhall take Chimmage; that is to fay, for Carriage by Cart the half year, ii. d. and for another half year, ,ii. d. for an Horfe that beareth loads, every half year, an halfpeny, and by another half year half a peny; and but of thofe only that come as Merchants through * •* his Bailiwick by licence to buy Bufhes, Timber, Bark, Coal, f and to fell it again $ at their pleafure ; but for none other Carriage by Cart Chimmage fhall be taken ; (3) nor Chimmage fhall not be taken, but in fuch places only where it hath been ufed to be. (3) Thofe which bear upon their backs Brufhment, Bark, or Coal to fell, though it be their living, fhall pay no Chimmage to our Forefters, except they take it within our de-mefne Woods ||.j

CAP.

NUllus foreftarius decetero qui non fit forefta-rius de feodo firmam nobis reddens pro bal-liva fua capiat cheminagium aliquod in balliva fua foreftarius autem de feodo firmam nobis reddens pro balliva fua capiat cheminagium videlicet pro carefta per dimidium annum duos denarios & per alium dimidium annum duos denarios pro equo qui portat fummagium per dimidium annum obolum & per alium dimidium annum obolum & non nifi de illis qui a extra ballivam fuam tanquam mercatores veniunt per licentiam fuam in ballivam fuam ad bufeam maeremium corticem vel carbonem emen-dum & alias ducendum ad vendendum ubi voluerint & de nulla alia carefta vel fummagio aliquo cheminagium capiatur Si non capiatur cheminagium nifi in locis in quibus antiquitus capi folebat & debuit. llli autem qui portant fuper dorfum fuum bufeam Corticem vel carbonem ad vendend’ quamvis inde vivant nullum decetero dent cheminagium.

XV. •

A Pardon of Outlaws of Trefpafs within the Foreft.

* ALL that be outlawed for the Foreft only, fince ‘ fx. the time of King Henry our Grandfather, ‘ until our firftCoronation, fhall come to our Peace with-‘ out let, and fhall find to us Sureties, that from hence-

•* forth they fhall not trefpafs unto us within our Foreft.5

✓~\Mnes utlagati pro forefta tantum a tempore U Reg’ Henrici Avi noftri ufque ad primam coror.ationem noftram veniant ad pacem noftram fine impedimento & falvos plegios inveniant quod non decetero forisfacient nobis de forefta noftra.

CAP. XVI.

How Plea of the Foreft fhall be holden.

* For or BaUiff,4 'O Conftable, Caftellan, * or Bailiff, fhall hold read or any other. ‘	Plea of Foreft, neither for Greenhue nor Hunt-

jUerirdby 7 R.	<	;ng . (z) but every Forefter	in fee fhall make attach-

‘	ments for Pleas of Foreft,	as well for Greenhue as

4	Hunting, and fhall prefent	them to the Vierders of

4 the Provinces; (3) and when they be enrolled and .	4	enclofed under the Seals of	the Vierders, they fhall

4	be prefented to our chief	Jufticers of our Foreft,

*	when they fhall come into	thofe parts to hold the

‘ Pleas of the Foreft, and before them they fhall be de-' 4 termined. (4) And thele liberties of the Foreft we 4 have granted to all men, faving to Archbifhops, Bi-‘ fhops. Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Knights, and to 4 otherPerfons, as well fpiritual as temporal. Templets,

4 Hofoitallers, their Liberties and free Cuftoms, as 4 well within the Foreft as without, and in Warrens 4 and other places, which they have had. (5) All thefe 4 Liberties and Cuftoms, we, Gfc. as it followcth in 4 the end of the Great Charter. And we do confirm

Ullus Conftabularlus Caftellanus vel alius te-neat placita de forefta five de viridi five de venatione fet quilibet foreftarius de feodo attachiet placita de forefta tarn de viridi quam de venatione & ea prefentet viridariis provinciarum & cum inro-tulata fuerint & fub figillo viridariorum inclufa pre-fententur capitali foreftario noftro cum in partes illas venerit ad tenendum placita forefte & coram eo terminentur. Has autem libertates de foreftis conceffimus omnibus falvis Archiepifcopis Epifco-pis Abbatibus Prioribus Comitibus Baronibus Mi-litibus & aliis tam perfonis ecclefiafticis quam fecu-laribus Templariis & Hofpitelariis libertatibus & libcris confuetudinibus in foreftis & extra in wa-rennis & aliis quas prius habuerunt. Qmnes autem iftas confuetudines prediftas & libertates quas conceffimus in regno noftro tenendas quantum ad nos pertinet erga noftros Omncs de Tegno noftro tam clerici quam laid obfervent quantum ad fe per-

» For extra read it extra, at it Jlands in Hawk, Edit, at/hitb makes the fenfe more camp!cat, as may appear by the corrid'm in tie margin.

tinet

*5

A.D. 1229* Anno decimo quarto Henrici III.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

tinet erga fuos. Pro hac autem conceflione & do- ' and ratifie thefe Gifts, ts’e. as in the end of the Great 4 Infl. 289 Sc natione libertatum iftarum 5c aliarum libertatum * Charter fpecified, 5cc.	*9b 3’S-

contentarum in majori carta noftra de aliis liberta-

tibus Archiepifcopi Epifcopi Abbates Priores Comites Barones MiJites libere tenentes 5c omnes de regno noftro dederunt nobis quintamdecimam partem omnium mobilium fuorum. Concdfimus eifdem pro nobis & heredibus noftris quod nec nos nec heredes noftri aliquid perquiremus per quod libertates in hac carta con-tente infringantur vel infirmentur. Et ii ab aliquo aliquid contra hoc perquifitum fueritnichil valeat & pro nullo habeatur. Hiis teftibus domino S. Cantuar’ Archiep’o E. London’ Ep’o J. Bathon’ P. Wynton’

H. Lincolnien’ R. Sarum B. Roff’ W. Wygorn’ J. Elien’ H. Hereforden’ R. Ciceftren’ W. Exon’ Epit-copis. Abbate Sanfti Edmundi Abbate Sanc'd Albani Abbate de Bello Abbate Sanfti Auguftini Cantuar’

Abbate de Evcfham Abbate de Weftm’ Abbate de Burgo Sandti Petri Abbate de Reding Abbate de Abyndon Abbate de Malmefbur’Abbate de Wynchecumbe Abbate de Hida Abbate de Certefeye Abbate de Shireburn Abbate de Cerne Abbate de Abbotefbir’ Abbate de Middelton Abbate de Seleby Abbate de Why teby Abbate de Cirencefter H. de Burgo Jufticiar’ R. Comite Ceftr’ 5c Lincoln’ W. Comite Sarum W. Comite Warrenn’

G.	de Clare Comite Glouccftr’ 5c Hertford’ W. de Ferrar’ Comite Derb’ W. de Maundevill Comite EfTex

H.	le Bygod Comite Nortf’ W. Comite Aubemarl H. Comite Hereford’ Johanne Conftabulario Ceftr’

Roberto de Ros Roberto filio Waltcri Roberto de Veteri Ponte Will’o Bygwerr’ Ricardo de Muntfichet Petro filio Herberti Matheo filio Herberti Willielmo de Albiniaco Roberto Grefi’ Reginaldo de Breus’

Johanne de Monemue Johanne filio Alani Hugone de Mortuo Mari Waltero de Bello Campo Will’o de Sanfto Johanne Petro de Malo Lacu Briano de Infula Thoma de Multon Rico’ de Argenteym Galfrido de Nevill’ Willielmo Maudut &c Johanne de Baiun’ 5c aliis. Dat’ apud Weftm’ undecimo die Febr’ anno regni noftri nono. Nos autem donationes 5c conceffiones prediftas ratas habentes 5c gratas eas pro nobis Sc heredibus noftris concedimus & confirmamus eafque tenore prefentium innovamus volentes & con-cedentes pro nobis 5c heredibus noftris quod carta predidfa in omnibus 5c fingulis fuis articulis imperpe-tuum firmiter Sc inviolabiliter obfervetur etiam fi aliqui articuli in .eadem carta contend hucufque forfitan non fuerint obfervari. In cujus rei teftimonium has litteras noftras fieri fecimus patentes. Tefte Edwardo filio noftro apud Weftm’ duodecimo die Odtobris anno regni noftri vicefimo quinto.

See 34 Ed, 1. fiat, 5, I Ed. 3. fiat. 2. c. 2.	22 Ed. 4. c. 7. 31 H. 8. c. 5. 32 H. 8. c. 35. •which contain farther Provifions refpeBing

the Forefi Laws. And farther, 16 Car. 1. c, 16. fB. 6. what place Jhall be deemed Forefi j 20 Car. 2. c. 3. for afeertaining the Bounds of the Forefi of Dean ; 9 fef 10 JF. 3. c. 36. for preferring Timber in New Forefi 5 jG. I, f. 15. § 5, infiiBing Penalty on Officers of Forefi, &c, confederating with Deer-fiealers 5 9 G. 1. c, 22. making it Felony to appear armed and difguifed in Forefis, &c. And 28 Geo. 2- c. 19. § 3. for the Pc-rally of Jetting Fire to Gofs in Forefis, &c.

Statutum Hibernice de coheredihus made at Wefitninfier 9 Febr &

14 Hen. III. & Attn. Dom. 1229.

How Lands holden by Knights Service, defeending to Coparceners within Age, {ball be .

>	divided. Obf.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

REX dilefto 5c fideli fuo Gerardo fil’ Mauricii Juftic’fuo Hibernie, falutem. [Quia tales] Milites de * In<h 3’9-partibus Hibernie [nuper] ad nos accedentes nobis oftenderunt, [quod] cum hereditas [aliquaf de-EA-2' c-voluta fit ad [inter] forores in regno noftro Hibernie, Juftic’ noftri in iifdem partibus [itinerantes] cgI -177’3* ’ incerti funt, utrum poftnate forores tenere debeant de primogenita [forore], 5c ei facere homagium de por-tionibus fuis, vel de Capitali domino, 5c ei facere homagium. Et quia predidti Milites a nobis petierunt inde certiorari [certificari] qualiter in regno noftro Anglie, in cafu confimili, hadftenus ufitatum fit: ad in-ftantiam eorundem vobis fignificamus, quod in regno noftro Anglie femper talis fuit lex Sc confuetudo & hoc in cafu, quod fi quis de nobis teneret in capite,- & haberet filias ad heredes, ipfo patre defundlo, ante-ceftores noftri & nos [femper] habuimus homagium de omnibus filiabus, et fingule earum tenent [de nobis J in capite in hoc cafu. Et fi infra etatem fuerint, nos habebimus cuftodiam 5c earum maritagium: fi autem de alio quocumque tenuerint, quam de nobis, & ipfe forores infra etatem fuerint, dominus earum habeat cuftodiam 5c maritagium fingularum, 5c primogenita tantum faciet homagium pro omnibus ; 5c alie forores, cum ad etatem pervenerint, faciant fervitia dominis feodorum per manum primogenite ; nec poterit primogenita ea occafione petere de poftnatis fororibus homagium, vel cuftodiam, vel aliquant aliam fubjeftionem quia omnes forores funt quad unus heres de una hereditate. Si primogenita poftet habere homagium aliarum fororum, & cuftodiam petere,. tunceflet eadem hereditas divifa, ita [quod] primogenita foror [foror urn] fimul 5c femel foret de hereditate unica domina & heres : [fua] heres autem fue partis, & domina fororum fuarum; quod quidem in hod cafu fieri non' poterit [potejF] cum ipfa primogenita nichil plus petere poftit quam alie forores, nifi capitale mefuagium, nomine einecie: & fi primogenita fit heres omnium aliarum fororum [fuarum] vel puerorum fuorum; fi obierint fine herede de feipfis, poftet habere cuftodiam fuarum fororum, vel puerorum fuorum, fet hoc efiet quafi committere agnum lupo devorand’. Et ideo vobis mandamus, quod prediftas confuetudines in hoc cafu, quas in regno noftro Anglie habemus, ut [fec.und.um quod] predi&um eft, in terra noftra Hibernie proclamari & firmiter teneri, fac. See.

In the Old Abridgment, tit. Homage, this Statutum de Hibernia is faid, not to be aJlatute, But the ftnall Solutions3 intituled Magna Charta, &c. and all the Englifh editions, have it,

4	.	P R O V I-

z6

C. i—3«

Anno vicefimo Henrici III.

A. D. 1235.

PROVISIONES DE MERTON.

Statutes made at Merton in Crajlino SanSli Vince7itii (fail. 23. Jan.) Anno 20 Hen. III. and Ami. Dom. 1235.

r;ad tbc,

rT was provided in the Court of our Lord the King, holden at Alerton on JVedneJday the morrow after the Feaft of St. Vincent, the 2oIh Year “ of the Reign of King Henry the Son of King John, * For HVIiain, “ before IVilliam * Archbifhop of Canterbury, and 44 other his Bifilops and Suffragans, and before the 44 greater part of the Earls and Barons of England, “ there being aficmbled for the Coronation of the faid 44 King, and Hellianor the Queen, about which they 44 were all called, where it was treated for the Com-“ monwealth of the Realm upon the Articles under-44 written, thus it was provided and granted, as well 44 of the forefaid Archbimops, Bifhops, Earls, and Ba-44 zons, as. of the King himfelf and others.”

Cotton MS. Claudius D. 2.

PROVISUM ert in Curia domini Regis, die Mercurii in craftino fandfi Vincencii, Anno regni Regis Henrici fil’ Regis Johannis vicefimo, apud Merton, coram Archiepifcopo Cantuarienfi, & Epifcopis Suffraganeis, coram majori parte Comitum & Baronum Anglie ibidem exiftentium, 1 pro coronatione ipfius domini Regis Si Alianore Regine, pro qua omnes vocati fuerunt Cum tracfatum effet de communi utilitate regni fupcr articulis fubfcriptis Ita provifum fuit, & conceffum, tarn a predidlis Archiepifcopis1, Epifcopis, Comitibus, Baronibus, quam ab ipfo Rege & aliis.

CAP. I.

A Woman fhall recover Damages in a Writ of Dower.

Ryer2S4.pi. 33. 4 Co. 30.

14 H, 8. 25.

38 Ed. 3. 13.

11 h.4. 39.

Fitz. Dower,

-4,46,59,73. Fitz, Damage, 10, 83, 119.

3 Bulltr. 278.

V. N. B. fo. 7. Raft. Ent. 22. Co. Lit. 32. b,

2 Tnft. So.

9 H. 3.fiat. 1. •7*

4 T?Ir(t, Of Widows which after the Death of their 4 P Hufbands are deforced of their Dowers, and 4 cannot have their Dowers or Quarcntine without ‘ Plea, whofoever deforce them of their Dowers or 4 Quarentine of the Lands, whereof their Hufbands 4 died feifed, and that the fame Widows after fhall re-4 cover by Plea ;	(2)	they that be convict of fuch

4 wrongful Deforcement fhall yield Damages to the 4 fame Widows ; that is to fay, the Value of the whole 4 Dower to them belonging, from the time of the Death ‘ of their Hufbands unto the Day that the faid Wi-4 dows, by Judgement of our Court, have recovered 4 Seifin of their Dower, Sec. (3) and the Deforcers 4 ncverthelefs fhall be amerced at the King’s pleafure.’

E viduis vefo I. que poft mortem virorum fuorum expelluntur de dotibus fuis & dotes fuas, vel quarentenam habere non poffunt fine placito videlicet quod quicunque deforciaverit eis dotes fuas vel quarentenam fuam de tenementis dc quibus viri fui obierunt feifiti & ipfe vidue poftea per placitum recuperaverint ipfi qui de injufto de-forciamento convicti fuerint reddant eifdem viduis dampna fua videlicet valorem totius dotis eas con-tingentis a tempore mortis virorum fuorum ufque ad diem quo ipfe vidue per judicium curie feifinam fuam inde recuperaverint nichilominus ipfi defor-ciatores fint in mifericordia clomini regis.

See 51 //. 3. flat. 3.	52	H.	3. c. 12.	32//.	8. c. 21.	36	Car. I. e. 6. affignxng Days in Dower. 13 Ed. 3. fiat. 1. <.4. for the Recovery of

Dower notwithfiandir.g a feigned Recovery againfi the Hujband by Default.	13 Ed. 1. c. 34. for the Lofs of Dower by Adultery. 27 H.%. c. 10. §. 6. for

1 Ed. 6. c. 12-	17.	fecuring	Dower	notwithfianding	the Treafon or Felony of the Uvfband. 5	6	Ed.	6.	c.	11. §. 13. altering

barring Dower by Jointure, the foregoing. 3 Jac. I. r. 5. §. 13.

barring poftfij Rccufants from Dower.	And 4 JV, if J\l. c. 16. §. 5. fecuring Dower to Widow of Mortgagcor.

CAP. II.

Widows may bequeath the Crop of their Lands.

Kel. 125.

Fit 2. Bar. 149, 29;.	-t

2. Infl. to.

4 A Lfo from henceforth Widows may bequeath the 4 1 i. Crop of their Ground, as well of their Dowers, as of other their Lands and Tenements, faving to the Lords of the Fee, all fuch Services as be due for their Dowers and other Tenements.’

II. '| Tem, omnes . vidue de cetero poffunt legare 1 blada fua de terra fua, tarn de dotibus fuis, quam de aliis terris & tenementis fuis : falvis fer-vitiis dominorum, que de dotibus Si aliis tene-mentis fuis debentur.

C A P. III.

Enquiry and Punifhment of Rediffcifin.

Lfo if any be diffeifed_of their Freehold, and

18H.8. 1.	...	.	.

nH.4.6.	4	ly before the Juflices in Eyre have recovered Sei-

7 H. 7. 4.	4	fin by Aflife of Novel dijjeifin, or by Confeflion of

Fitz. Reiiflcifin, t (hem which did the Difleifin, and the Diffeifec hath 6, 8, 9.

III. iTcm, fi quis fuerit diffeifitus dc libero te-iL nemento fuo, & coram Jufliciariis itine-rantibus feifinam fuam recuperaverit per affifam nove diffeifine, vel per recognitionem eorum, qui

a Procurationc in marginc MS. Cotton.

fecerint

Anno vicefimo He n rici III.

C. 4..

A. D. 1235.

Cotton MS.

fecerint diffeifinam, & ipfe diffeifitus per Vic’ fei- c ilnam fuam habuerit. bi iidem diffeifiatores po- ‘ flea, port iter Jufticiariorum, de eodem tenemen- ‘ to interum eundem conquerentem diffeifiverint, ‘ & inde convitfti fuerint, ftatim capiantur, & in ‘ prifona domini Regis detineantur, quoufque per c dominum Regem, per redemptionem, vel aliquo ‘ alio modo, deliberentur. Et haec eft forma qua- ‘ liter tales convifti puniri debeant, videlicet, cum ‘ conquerentes ad Curiam venerint, habeant breve ‘ domini Regis vicecomiti diredtum, in. quo conti- ‘ neitur eorum narratio de diffeifina fa£la fuper dif- ‘ feifinam. Et ideo mandetur Vicecomiti, quod c aflumptis fecum cuftodibus placitorum Corone, ‘ Si aliis legalibus Militibus, in propria perfona fua ‘ accedat ad tenementum illud, vel pafturam illam, * de quibus fadta fuerit querela [loquela] Si coram ‘ eis per primos Juratores, & per alios vicinos & le- ‘ gales homines, diligentem inde faciat inquifitio- ‘ nem ; &fiipfum iterum invenerit diffeifitum, ficut ‘ prediflum eft, faciat tunc fecundum provifionem ‘ predidtam; fin autem, tunc fit conquerens in mi- ‘ fcricordia domini regis, Si alius quietus recedat. ‘ Nec debet Vicecomes, fine fpeciali precepto do- ‘ mini Regis, hujufmodi loquelam profequi. Eo- * dem modo fiat de illis, qui feifinam recuperaverint c per aflifam mortis anteceiforis et de omnibus terris ‘ & tenements recuperatis per juratas in Curia do- ‘ mini Regis, fi poftea diffeifiti fuerint a prioribus ‘ deforciatoribus, verfus quos recuperaverint per ju- ‘ ratam quoquo modo.	*

had Seifin delivered by the Sheriff, if the fame Dif- Co, Lit. 154.1. feifors, after the Circuit of the Juftices, or in the mean time, have diffeifed the fame Plaintiff of the fame Freehold, and thereof be convidt, they (hall be Ea ffj . • forthwith taken and committed, and kept in the antfidhy King’s Prifon, until the King hath difeharged them 52 H. j. c. 8. by Fine, or by fome other mean. (2) And this is 13Ed. t. (tat. 1. the Form how fuch convidt Perfons fhall be punifti- c-.2J' J ed ; * when the Plaintiffs come into the Court of our	Kc-

Lord the King, they fhall have the King’s Writ di- dighifirt. rented to the Sheriff, in which muff be contained the Mirror 317. Plaint of Diffeifin framed upon the Diffeifin. (3) ?nt-And then it fhall he commanded to the Sheriff, that ? t " r' he, taking with him the Keepers of the Pleas of the^’ n’ King’s Crown, and other lawful Knights, in his proper Perfon, fhall go unto the Land or Pafture, whereof the Plaint hath been made, and that he make before them, by the firft Jurors, and other Neighbours and lawful Men, diligent Inquifition thereof; and if they find him diffeifed again (as before is faid) then let him do according to the Provifion aforementioned ; but if it be found otherwife, the Plaintiff fhall be amerced, and the other fhall go quit;

(4) neither fhall the Sheriff execute any fuch Plaint without fpecial Commandment of the King. (5)

In the fame manner fhall be done to them that have recovered their Seifin by Aflife of Mortdaunccftor ;

(6) and fo fhall it be of all Lands and Tenements recovered in the King’s Court by Enquefts, if they be diffeifed after by the firft Deforceors, againftwhom they have recovered any wife by Enqueft.’

C A P. IV.

In what Cafes Lords may approve againft their Tenants.

IV. |Tem, quia multi magnates Anglie, qui 1 feoffaverunt Milites &1ibere tenentes fuos de parvis tenementis in magnis maneriis fuis, quefti funt, quod commodum fuum facere non po-tuerunt de refiduo Maneriorum fuorum, ficut de vaftis, bofeis, Si pafturis, Cum ipfi feoffati habeant fufficientem pafturam, quantum pertinet ad tenementa fua; Ita provifum eft Si conceffum, quod quicunque hujufmodi feoffati aflifam Nove deffeifine deferant de communa pafture fue, et co- | ram Jufticiariis 4 recognitum fuerit, quod tantam pafturam habeant, ■ quantum b fufficerit ad tene- , menta fua, et quod habeant liberum ingreffum & , egreffum de tenementis fuis ufque ad pafturam fuam, tunc inde fint contenti; Si illi, de quibus conquefti fuerint, recedant qtiieti de hoc quod commodum fuum de terris, vaftis, bofeis, & pafturis fecerint; Si autem d xerint quod fufficicn-tem pafturam non habeant, vel fufficientem in- , greffum vel egreffum, quantum pertinet ad tene- ; menta fua, tunc inquiratur c veritas per aflifam ; Et fi per aflifam recognitum fuerit per eofdem, quod in aliquo fuerit impeditus eorum ingrefi’us vel egreffus, vel quod non habeant fufficientem pafturam, & fufficientem ingreffum Si egreffum, ficut predidlum eft, tunc recuperent feifinam fuam per vifum juratorum, Ita quod per diferetionem & facramcntum eorum habeant conquerentes fufficientem pafturam, & fufficientem ingreffum et

‘ ALSO becaufe many great men of England. 1 Tnrt. S4.

‘ f\ (which have infeofFed Knights and their Free- 1 Rt>:!36 •

‘ holders of ftnall Tenements in their great Manors) ? ^ F 59-‘ have complained that they cannot make their Profit ‘ of the refidue of their Manors, as of Waftes, Woods, Enforced by ‘ and Paftures, whereas the fame Feoffees have fuffi- 3 & 4 Ed. 6. ‘ cient Pafture, as much as belongeth to their Tene- c> 3-‘ ments ; (?) it is provided and granted, That when-‘ ever fuch Feoffees do bring an Aflife of Novel dijjel-‘ fin for their Common of Pafture, and it is know-

*	ledged before the Jufticers, that they have as much ‘ Pafture as fufficeth .to their Tenements, and that they ‘ have free Egrefs and Regrefs from their Tenement ‘ unto the Pafture, then let them he contented there-

*	with; and they on whom it was complained fhall go ‘ quit of as much as they have made their Profit of their ‘ Lands, Waftes, Woods, and Paftures; (3) and if ‘ they alledge that they have not fuflicient Pafture, or ‘ fuflicient Ingrefs and Egrefs according to their Hold,

‘ then let the Truth be inquired by Aflife ; (4) and if ‘ it be found by the Aflife, that the fame Deforceors ‘ have difturbed them of their Ingrefs and Egrefs, or c that they had not fuflicient Pafture (as before is faid)

‘ then fhall they recover their Seifin by view of the ‘ Inqueft : fo that by their Difcretion and Oath the ‘ Plaintiffs fhall have fuflicient Pafture,. and fuflicient ‘ Ingrefs and Egrefs in form aforefaid ; (3) and the ‘ Diffeifors fhall be amerced, and fhall yield Damages,

*	as they were wont before this Provifion. (6) And if

k Pertinet in marg.

« Rei veritas in marg,

D

« it

Vot. I.

a Cognoverint in marg,

Anno viceiimo Henrici III

A. D. 1235,

Enforced and ex. t be certified by the Affife, that the Plaintiffs have i"b 1 c 16 ' fufficient Pafture, with Ingrefs_ and Egrefs, as before aVcrii. ca.'iao 4 is laid, let the other make their Profit of the refidue, 312,	’	‘	and	go	quit	of	that	Affife.’

Jlnd

c* 36. for crick*,

Jtng Commons,

•zvitb Confent of Lords and Tenants , for plant*

ing Timber.	CAP.

Cotton MS. egreffum, in forma predicta; Et diffeifitores fint in mifericordia domini Regis, Sc dampna reddent, ficut reddi b debent ante provifionem iftam: Si autem recognitum fuerit per affifam, quod conque-rentes fufficientem habent pafturam, cum libero & fufficienti ingreffu Sc egreffu, ut prediftum eft, tunc licite faciant alii commodum fuum de refi-duo, & reccdant dc ilia affifa quieti.

V.

Ufury fhall not run againft any within Age.

Co. Lit. 246. h. * T Ikewife it is provided and granted by the King, a irnt. 8S.	‘ JL> that from henceforth Ufuries fhall not run

1 Roll. 151.	‘ againft any being within Age, from the time of the

£ Death of his Anceftor (whofe Heir he is) unto his £ lawful Age; fo neverthelefs, that the Payment of the ‘ principal Debt, with the Ufury that was before the. Repealed by 37 « Death of his Anceftor (whofe Heir he is) fhall not H. %. c. 9. t remain.’

V. QImiliter provifum eft. Sc concelfum a domino.

O Rege, quod de cetero non currant ufure contra aliquem infra etatem exiftentem, a tempore mortis antecefloris fui, cujus heres ipfe eft, ufque ad legitimam etatem fuam ; Ita tamen quod propter hoc non remaneat folucio debiti principalis, fimul cum ufuraante mortem antecefforis fui, cujus heres ipfe eft.

CAP. VI.

The Penalties for Ravilhment of a Ward, Forfeiture of Marriage, or Difparagement of a

Ward.

■•Readconcerning t v-v p » Heirs that be led ivay, andwithholden, or mar-duna-wayly 4 rlcci t!oe’r Parents,' or by' other, with Force Force, orde- ‘ againft our Peace, thus it is provided, That whatfoe-tained by their c ver Layman be convift thereof, that he hath f fo Parents, or by ‘ withholden any Child, led away, or married, he fhall others, it is thus c yjgjj t0 the Lofer the Value of the Marriage; and f Reaithat be 4 tor the Offence his Body fhall be taken and imprifon-lath by fuch ‘ ed until he hath recompenfed the Lofer, if the Child Means married ‘ be married; and further, until he hath fatisfied the any Chad he < King for the Trefpafs. And this muft be done of an Cc St 6 a 4 Heirbeing within the Age offourteen Years. (2) And 4 Co. si.7 6 Co. 4 touching an Heir being fourteen Years old, or above 74. 9 Co. 72.	‘	unto his full Age, if he marry without Licence of

Dyer 255 to ‘ his Lord to defraud him of the Marriage, and his 26°. P.. 23.	<	Lord offer him reafonable J and convenient Marriage

Marriage*' o' ' (without Difparagement) then his Lord fhall hold JZ) ,3.	’	£	his Land beyond the Term of his Age, that is to fay,

Bro. Gar. 10;. ‘ of One and twenty Years, fo long that he may re-43 Ed. 3. fi. « ceive the double Value of the Marriage after the Co. Lit. 80. a. ( Eftimation of lawful men, or || after as it hath been Hub.'9V96. 9 4 °jfered before without Fraud or Collufion, and after j Not in the On- ‘ as it may be proved in the King’s Court. (3) And final.	£	as touching Lords, which marry thofe that they have

li Read accord. ‘ jn warcj t0 Villains, or other, as Burgeffes, where ’l%Jl uia‘ ‘ they be difparaged, if any fuch an Heir be within the hf rcfdthcpid* Age of fourteen Years, and of fuch Age, that he Marriage, with- ‘ cannot confent to Marriage, then, if his Friends cut, (etc.	1	complain of the fame Lord, the Lord fliall lofe the

9 h. 3. fat. 1. < Wardfhip unto the Age of the Heir; and all the Pro-St 1,	‘	fit, that thereof fhall be taken, fhall be converted to

3	Ed. 1. <r. 22. 4 the Ufe of the Heir being within Age, after the Enforced by £ Difpofition and Provifion of his Friends, for the 13Ed.	‘	Shame done to him; but if he be fourteen Years,

L 3 5*	£	and above, fo that he may confent, and do confent to

Obf'by ii Car.C’ 4 fuch Marriage, no Pain fhall follow.’ '

2. c. 14,

VI. T'\E heredibus per parentes, vel per alios, ri I 3 abdudfis, vel detentis, ita provifum eft,, quod quicunque laicus inde convidfus fuerit, quod puerum fie maritaverit, reddat perdenti valorem maritagii Et pro delidlo corpus ejus capiatur Sc im-prifonetur, donee perdenti emendaverit delidium, fi puer maritetur Et preterea donee domino Regi fatisfecerit pro tranfgreffione. Et hoc fiat de here-de infra quatuordecim annos exiftente. De herede. autem, [qui] cum fit quatuordecim annorum, vel ultra, ufque ad plenam etatem, fi fe maritaverit fina licencia domini fui, ut ei auferat maritagium fuum. Sc Dominus offerat ei rationabile maritagium, ubi non difparagetur, dominus fuus tunc teneat terrain, ejus ultra terminum etatis fue, fcilicet viginti & unius anni per tantum tempus, quod poffit inde duplicem valorem maritagii recipere, fecundum eftimationem legalium hominuin, vel fecundum quod ei pro eodem maritagio prius fuerit oblatum fine fraude & malicia, Sc fecundum quod probari poterit in Curia domini Regis. De dominis qui maritaverint illos quos habent in cuftodia [fua] vil--lanis, vel aliis, ficut burgenfibus, ubi difparagen-tur; [tuncj fi talis heres fuerit infr$ quatuordecim annos, & talis etatis, quod confentire non poffit',. tunc fi parentes conquerantur V dominus ille anait-tat cuftodiam ufque ad legitimam etatem heredis & omne commodum; quod inde e perceptum fuerit, convertatur in commodum ipfius f qui infra etatem eft,, fecundum difpoficioncm Sc provifionem paren-tum s contra dedecus ei fadlurn; Si autem fuerit quatuordecim annorum, & ultra, h quod confentire poterit, Sc tali maritagio confenferit, nulla fequa--tnr pena..

Sole bant in maye. t Matrimonio its tttarg, * Dc iilo domino in m.org, * P.ccuperatumin tnurg, f licredis in margl. t Suorum in marg, k Ita in marg.

C A P,

Aimo victTiino H e n r ici III

A. D.

1235-

C. 7—9.	19

cap. vir.

In what cafe the Ward fhall pay to his Lord the Value of his Marriage.

Cotton 21IS.

SI quis heres, ciijufcunque fuerit etatis, pro domino fuo fe noluerit marirare, non compclia-tur hoc facere, fed cum ad etatem pervenerit, dct domino fuo, Si fatisfaciat ci de tanto, quantum a percipere poflj.t ab aliquopro mafitagio, antcquam tcrram fuam rccipiat, Si hoc five voluerit fe inari-tare, five non; Quia maritagium cjus, qui infra etatem eft; mero jure pertinct ad dominum fcodi.

IF an Heir (of what Age foever he be) will not Kel. 133.

marry at the Requeft of his Lord, he ftiall not be Dyer 25, 260, compelled thereunto; but when he cometh to full 3°6,

Age, he fhall give to his Lord, and pay him as much card W" as any would have given him for the Marriage before ,a, the Receipt of his Land, and that whether he will 153, (*56. 3 marry himfelf, or not; for the Marriage of him that 6Co. 70, 73. is within Age of meer Right pertaineth to the Lord 5 Co- II6-

. 1	.	-	r	or	Co.	Ent.	ia5.

0fthei,CCi	2	Inft.	92.

Cro. £1. 465. Oif. iy iz Car. z^c. ±±,

C AT. VIII.

Several Limitations of Prefcription in feveral Writs.

VII. T"\E narracione defeenfus in brevi de redlo I J ab antecefTore a tempore Hi Regis fenio-ris, anno Si die, provifiim eft, quod de cetero non fiat mencio de tarn longinquo tempore, fet a tempore H. Regis Avi noftri; Si locum habeat ilia provifio ad Pentecoften, anno vicefimo primo, Si non ante; Si brevia prius impetrata procedant. Brevia mortis antecefloris, de nativis, & de in-greffu, non excedant ultimum reditum domini Regis Johannis [Patris noftri b] in Ahgliam. Brevia Nove difteinne non excedant primam transfre-tacionem domini Regis Henrici, qui nunc ell in Vafconiam : Et locum habeat ifta provifio a tempore predifto ; & brevia prius impetrata procedant.

4 rT''Ouching Conveyance of Defcent in a Writ of Co Lit_ b) e X Right from any Anceftor from the time of King „ j. b.'

4 Henry the elder, the Year and Day, it is provided, 2 Inft. 9$.

4 that from henceforth there be no Mention made of fo * long time, but from the time of King Henry our 4 Grandfather ; (2) and this Aft ftiall take effeft at 4 Pentecojl, the One and twentieth Year of our Reign,

‘ and not afore, and the Writs before purchafed fhall 4 proceed. (3) Writs of Mortdauncejlor, of Nativis,

4 and Entre, fhall not pafs the laft Return of King	.

4 John from Ireland into England; * and this Jball	*	t','

4 take ejfedl as before is declared. (4) Writs of Novellie Original.

4 diffeijw fhall not pafs the firft Voyage of our Sove- Altered ly 3 Ed. 4 reign Lord the King, that now is, into Gafcoine. i.c. 39. and 4 And this Provifion fhall take his effeft from the time	32

4 aforefaid ; and all Writs purchafed before fhall pro- a‘, jac. i, c.16, 4 ceed.’

CAP. IX.

He is a Ballard that is born before the Marriage of his Parents.

VIII. A D breve [domini] R. de Baftardia, u-trum aliquis natus ante matrimonium habere poterit hereditatem, ficut file qui natus eft poll, Refponderunt omnes Epifcopi, quod nolunt, Dec poffunt, ad iftud refpondere; quia hoc effet contra communem formam ecclefie. Ac rogave-runt omnes Epifcopi Magnates, ut confcntirent, quod nati ante matrimonium effent legitimi, ficut ilii qui nati funt poft matrimonium, quantum ad fucceftionem hereditariam, quia ecclefia tales habet prolegitimis. Et omnes Comites & Barones uha voce refponderunt, quod nolunt leges Anglie mu-tare, que ufitate funt, & approbate %

4 rX“'0 the King’s Writ of Baftardy, Whether ohe Fitz. Baftard'y,

4 A being born before Matrimony may inherit in 21, 22, 25, zy, ‘ like manner as he that is born after Matrimony, all 3°> 33-4 the Bifhops anfwered, That they would not, nor 4 could not, anfwer to it; becaufe it was direftly "	,4)

4 againft the common Order of the Church. (2) Ana 44 Ed! 3. iz,

4 all the Bifbops inftanted the Lords, that they would 12 Co. 72.

4 confent, that all fuch as were born afore Matrimony 4 fhould be legitimate, as well as they that be born 4 * vjithin Matrimony, as to the Succeffion of Inheri- * For within,

* tancc, forfomuch as the Church accepteth fuch for read after.

4 legitimate. And all the Earls and Barons with one 4 voice anfwered, that they would not change the Laws 4 of the Realm, which hitherto have been ufed and ap- 2 inft. o6i 4 proved*’

. * Dominus in marg.	*>	De	Hibernia	inmarg4	« Et idco dotainus Rex habet confiliwm fuuin fub qua forma procedendum eft ad	inquifi-.

tionem in Curia fua de talibus fie nalis in ntttrg.

C. io, ri

Anno vicefimo primo Hen rici III.

A. D. 1260,

CAP. X.

Attornies allowed to make Suit to feveral Courts.

Fitz. Attorney, 106.

RejilT. 172. F.N.B. &c.

f T is provided and granted, that every Freeman, ft which oweth Suit to the County, Trything. Hundred, and Wapentake, or to the Court of his Lord, may freely make his Attorney to do thofe Suits for him.’

a Inft. 99* See 13 Ed. j, flat, i. e. 10.	7	R,	2.	c. 14.

Cotton MS.

IX. "ORrovifum eft infuper, quod quilibet liber s homo, qui fedlam debet ad Comitatum, [Trithingum,] Hundredum, & Wapentachium, vel ad Curiam domini fui, libere poffit facere at-tornatum fuum, ad feel as illas pro eo faciend’.

And 15 H. 6. c■ 7.

CAP. XI.

Lords fhali not imprifbn Offenders at their own Wills for Trefpafles in their Parks and Ponds*

a Inft. ICO.

‘ ^'“''Oncerning Trefpafles in Parks and Ponds it is ‘ not yet difeufled ; for the Lords demanded the ‘ proper Imprifonment of fuch as they fhould take in ‘ their Parks and Ponds, which the King denied; ‘ wherefore it was deferred.’

X. ¥~%F malefadlorihus in parcis & vivariis non JA eft difeufium ; quia Magnates petierunt propriam prifonam fuam de illis quos ceperant in parcis & vivariis fuis ; quod quidem dominus Rex contradixit; & ideo diftertur.

By 3 Ed, 1. c. 20* MalefaEiors in Parks and Ponds may he punifhed by three Tears Imprifonment.	By z 1 Ed. 1. flat. 2. MalefaEiors in Forefls, Parks, &c, may

Ic killed\ if tley *w’.ll not fland to the King1: Peace. By 1 II. 7. c. 7. hunting in difguife in Parks is Felony,	3 IV. & M. c. 10. §. 5. extends	the Law agaxnfl

Decr-fiealers to indofed Grounds nohere Deer are kept. And 4 fijf 5 IV. fij? M. c. 23. §. 4. to Lords of Manors and Game-keepers 9 -who may oppofe Pcrfons in the Night,

The Statute DE ANNO ET DIE BISSEXTILI, made at Weftminfter, Anno 21 Hen. III. and Anno Dom. 1236.

The Day of the Leap-Year, and the Day before, fhali be holden for one Day.

B*ac. 35J.

“ T"' ^E Xing unto his Juftices of the Bench, greet-“ Jl ing. Know ye, that where within our-Realm “ of England, it was doubted of the Year and Day “ that were wont to be afligned unto fick Perfons being “ impleaded, when and from what Day of the Year £t going before unto another Day of the Year follow-“ ing, the Year and Day in a Leap Year ought to be rc taken and reckoned how long it was :

‘ II. We therefore, willing that a Conformity be ‘ obferved in this behalf every where within our Realm, ‘ and to avoid all Danger from fuch as be in Plea, “ have provided, and by the Counfel of our faithful

*	Subjedls have ordained. That, to take away from ‘ henceforth all Doubt and Ambiguity that might arife ‘ hereupon, the Day increafing in the Leap-Year fhali ‘ he accounted for one Year, fo that becaufe of that

*	Day none fhali be prejudiced that is impleaded, but ‘ it trial 1 be taken and reckoned of the fame month

*	wherein it grovveth ; and that Day, and the Day ‘ next going before, fhali be accounted for one Day. ‘ And therefore we do command you, that from hence-‘ forth you do caufe this to be publiflied afore you, and ‘ be obltrved. Witnefs myfelf at Weftminfter, See.’

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

REX Jufticiariis fuis de Banco, falutem. Sci-atis quod cum in regno noftro Anglie de Anno & die, qui languidis [per breve nojlrumJ implacitatis prefigi confueverunt, quando &, [quo-modo, Jcilicet,] a quo die anni precedents in ahum diem anni fubfequentis, debuit annus ille & dies in anno biflextili accipi & computari, diu ex-titerit dubitatum :

II. Nos volentes conformitatem [uniformitatem] ubique in regno noftro fuper hoc obfervari, & pe-riculis litigancium precaveri, providimus, & de confilio fidelinm noftrorum ftatuimus, quod ad delendum de cetero communem fuper hoc ambi-guitatem, computetur dies excrefcens in anno biflextili in ipfo anno, Ita quod propter diem ilium non occafionentur aliqui implacitati, fet fit, Sz habeatur de menfe illo in quo excrefcit; & con-tineatur dies [ille] excrefcens in integritate anni predidli, Sz computetur dies ille, Sz dies proxime precedens pro unico die. Et ideo vobis mandamus, quod hoc coram vobis publicari, Sz de cetero faciatis obfervari. Telle me ipfo apud Weftm. Anno regni regis H. quadrageflmo quarto.

Sent end a lata fuper Cartas, 8cc.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

ANNO grade Millcftmo Ducentcfimo Quinquagefimo quarto tertii Idus Maii in maiori aula Weftm’ fub prelericia & aflenfu domini H. dei gracia Regis Anglie illuftris Sz Dominorum Ricardi Comitis Ccrnuh’ fratris fui E. Corn’ NorfF Sz Sufp Marcfcall’ Anglie H. Com’ Hereford R. Com’ Exon’ J. Com’ Warp & aliorum optimatum Regni Angl.

Nos

Stat. i.

21

ArD. 1266. Anno quinquagefimo primo Henrici III.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

Nos Bonifacius divina miferacione Cantuar’ Archiepifcopus tocius Anglie Primas F. London’ Epifcopus H. Elien’ S. Lincoln W. Wygorn’ R. Norwicen’ P. Hereford’ W. Sarum Willielmus Dunelm’ I. Exon’

S.	Carliol’ Willielmus Bathon’ L. Roft’’ Epifcopi Pontificabilibus induti candelis accenfis in omnes-tranf-greffores libertatum ecclefiarum feu'liberarum confuetudinum regni Anglie & precipue earum que continent’ in Carta communi libertatum regni &z Carta de forefta excominunicacionis fentenciam folempniter dedi-mus fub hac forma.

Audloritate Dei patris omnipotentis filii & fpiritus fandti & gloriofe Dei genetricis Marie & bonorum Apoftolorum Petri & Pauli omniumq; Apoftolorum beati Thome Archiepifcopi Martiris omniumq; marti-rum beati Edwardi Regis Anglic omniumq; ConfefTorum atque Virginum & omnium fanctorum Dei ex-communicamus anathematizamus & ab hominibus fandte Matris Ecclefie fequeftramus omnes illos qui amodo feient’ & maliciofe ecclefias privaverint vel fpoliaverint fuo jure.

Item omnes illos qui ecclelias vel antiquas regni confuetudines approbatas & que in Carta communium libertatum regni & de forefta continentur concellas a domino Rege Archiepifcopis Epifcopis & ceteris Angl’ Prelatis Comitibus Baronibus Militibus & libere tenentibus quacuniq; arte vel ingenio violaverint refuge-rint diminuerint vel mutaverint clam vel palam fadto vel verbo vel confdio contra illas vel illarum aliquam in quocumq; articulo temere veniendo.

Item omnes illos qui contra eas vel earum aliquam ftatuta ediderint vel edita fervaverint vel confuetudines introduxerint vel fervaverint introdudlas feriptores ftatutorum necnon confiliar’ executores & qui fecundum predifta-prefumpferint judicare qui omnes & finguli fuperius memorati hanc fentenciam incur-furos fe noverint ipfo fadto qui feient’ aliquid commiferint de predidtis qui vero ignoranter nifi convenienter infra quindenam a tempore fummonicionis fe correxerint &: arbitrio ordinariorum plenius fatisfecerint dd commiffis extunc hac fentencia fint involuti. Eadcm fentencia innodamus omnes illos qui pacem Regis & Regni prefumpferint perturbare. In cuius rei teftimonium five memoriam fempiternam nos figna noftra prefentibus duximus apponenda Tefte, &c.

The Statute, intituled, AJJifa Panis	Cervijice,	made A?mo 51 Hen.

III. Stat. 1. and Anno Dom. 1266.

The Prices of Bread and Ale fhall be according- to the Prices of Corn.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

OUando quarterium frumenti venditur pro xii d. tunc panis quadrantis de Waftello ponderabit fex libras & fexdecim folidos; Panis de Coket de eodem blado, & de eodem bul-tello, ponderabit plufquam Waftellum de duobus folidis ; De blado minoris precii ponderabit plufquam Waftellum de quinque ; panis vero de fimi-nello ponderabit minus de Waftello de duobus folidis, quia bis codtus eft ; Panis integer de qua-drante de frumento ponderabit Coket & dimidi-um ; Panis vero de trait [trete] ponderabit duos Waftellos; Et panis de omni blado ponderabit duos Coketos. Quando quarterium frumenti venditur pro xviii d. tunc panis albus & bene cotftus de quadrante de Waftello ponderabit quatuor libras, decern folidos, & odto'denarios : Quando pro duobus folidis, tunc ponderabit lxviii s. Quando pro duobus folidis vi d. tunc ponderabit liiii s. iiii d. ob. & q. Quando pro tribus folidis, tunc ponderabit xlviii s. Quando pro tribus folidis fex denariis, tunc ponderabit quadraginta duos folidos ; Quando pro quatuor folidos, tunc ponderabit triginta fex folidos. Quando pro quatuor folidos fex denariis, tunc ponderabit triginta folidos." Quando pro quinque folidis, tunc ponderabit vi-ginti feptem folidos duos denar, ob. Quando pro quinque folidis vid. tunc ponderabit xxiiii s. v.iiid. q. Quando pro fex folidis, tunc ponderabit xxii s. viii d. Quando pro fex folidis & fex denariis, tunc ponderabit viginti folidos undecim denar. Quando pro feptem folidis tunc ponderabit xix s. i d. Quando pro feptem folidis fex denar, tunc ponderabit octodecim folidos ob. Quando pro odo

*	r WT HE King to all to whom thefe Prefents Jhall come,

‘	|	Greeting.	We have feen certain Ordinances of

‘	the	AjfiJ'e	of	Bread and Ale, and of the making

‘ of Money and Meafures, made in the ’Times of our Pro-‘ genitors, fometimes Kings of England, in thefe Words : ‘ When a Quarter of Wheat is fold for xii d. then ‘ Waftel Bread of a Farthing fhall weigh vi /. and xvi s.

*	But Bread Cocket of a Farthing of the fame Corn ‘ and Bultel, fhall weigh more than Waftel by ii s. ‘ (2) And Cocket Bread made of Corn of lower Price", ‘ fhall weigh more than Waftel by vj. (») Bread ‘ made into a Simnel fhall weigh ii s. lefs than Wa-‘ ftel*. (4) Bread + made of the whole Wheat fhall ‘ weigh a Cocket and an half, J fo that a Cocket Jhall c weigh snore than a Waflel by v s. (5) Bread of Tree't ‘ fhall weigh ii Waftels. (6) And Bread of common

*	Wheat fhall weigh two || great Cockets. (7) Wheh ‘ a Quarter of Wheat is fold for xviii d. then Waftel ‘ Bread of a Farthing white and well baked fhall weigh ‘ ivl. x r. viii if. When for ii s. iii li. viii r;

‘ When for ii s. vi d. liv s. iv d. ob. q, •

‘ When for iii r. xlviii j.

‘ When for iii s. vi d. xliir.

‘ When for iv*.	xxxvi	s.

‘ When for iv s. vi d. xxx s.

‘ When for v s.	xxviii	r." ii d. ob.

‘ When for vs. vi d. xxivs. viiizf. q.

‘ When for vi s.	xxii.	viii d.

‘ When for vir. vi d. xix s. xi d. c When for vii x. xixr. i d. c When for vii r. vi d. xviii s. i d. ob,

‘ When for viii s. xviir.

‘ When for viii f. vi d. xvi s.

* When

Repealed as to the A (life of Bread, by 8 Anna?, c. 18. flat. i.

The Preamble it not in the Origs-nal.

* Add Becauje it is twice baked.

+ Add Of a -Farr king, t The Words in It clicks are not in the Original.

|| The Word great not in the Origin, nal.

For 28 s. read 27;.“

For 19;. read 20 s.

Stat. r.-

7 9 »•

■F or 7 </. refcJ * A

* Add IA £? ob.

For 16 A read 25^.

-f- iVbr 1/1 'Original,

32 Ed. In p. 68.

Enforced by I5 £d. 3. flat. 5. c. 13.

ft Inft. 311. Fleta 2. c. 12. j>. 72.

Keilw, 87. b.

See 11 H. 7. y?,

4. ordaining a TVeigbt and Meafure, according to the Stan-dard in the Exchequer y to be fent to every City, through, &c.

Anno qninquagefimo primo Henr i et III. A. D. 1266,

4 When for ix r.

4 When for ix s, vi d, 4 "When for x s.

‘ "When for x s, vi d. 6 When for xi s.

‘ When for xi s. vi d. c When for xii r.

xv s. q.

xiv S. iv d. ob. q, xiii s. vii d. d. q, xii s. xi q. xii s. iv a. d. q. xi s. x d. xi s. iv d.'

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2. folidis tunc ponderabit xviis. Quando pro c£l<j folidis fex denar, tunc ponderabit xvi s. Quando pro novem folidis tunc ponderabi": quindecim foli-dos q. Quando pro novem folidis fex denar, tunc ponderabit xiiii s. iiii d. ob. Quando pro decern folidis, tunc ponderabit xiiQ. viii d. q. Quando pro decein folidis fex denar, tunc ponderabit xii s. xi d. Quando pro undecim folidisr, tunc ponderabit xii s. iiiid. q. Quando pro xi s. fex denar, tunc ponderabit xi s. x d. Quando pro xii s. tunc ponderabit xi s. iiiid.

fQuando pro xiis. vid. tunc ponderabit xi s. Qhiando pro xiii s. tunc ponderabit x s. id. ob. Quando pro xiiii s. tunc ponderabit ixs. vi d. Qiiando pro xiiii s. vi d. tunc ponderabit ixs. ii d. ob. q. Quando pro, xv s. ■tunc ponderabit ix s. ob. q. Quando pro xv s. vi d. tunc ponderabit viii s. ix d. Quando, pro xVi s. tunc ponderabit viii s. vi d. Quando pro xvi s. vi d. tunc ponderabit viii s. Hi d. Quando pro xvii s. tunc ponderabit viiis. Quando pro xvii s. vi d. tunc ponderabit vii s. x d. cb. Quando pro xviii s. tunc ponderabit vii s. vi d. q. Quando pro xviii s. vi d. tunc ponderabit vii s. iv d. ob, Qtiando pro xix s. tunc ponderabit vii S. ii d. q. Quando pro xix s. vi d. tunc ponderabit vi s. x d '. Quando pro xx s. tunc ponderabit vi s. Hi d.~\

* II. And it is to be known, that then a Baker in f every Quarter of Wheat (as it is proved by the King’s 4 Bakers) may gain iv d. and the Bran, and two Loaves ‘ for Advantage, for three Servants i d. ob, for two 4 Lads ob. in Salt ob. for Kneading ob. for Candle q.

4 for Wood ii d. for his Bultel * ob. (2) When a ‘ Quarter of Wheat is fold for iiir. or iiir. ivd. and a 4 Quarter of Barley for xx d. or ii s. and a Quarter of 4 Oats for xvi d. then Brewers in Cities ought and may 4 well afford to fell two Gallons of Beer or Ale for a 4 Peny, and out of Cities to fell iii f or iv Gallons for 4 a Peny. And when in a Town iii Gallons is fold for 4 a Peny, out of a Town they ought and may fell

*	four. And this Aflife ought to be holden through-4 out all England. (3) The Aflife of Bread (as it is 4 contained in a Writing of the Marfhalfey of our Lord ‘ the King delivered unto them) may be holden accord-

*	ding to the Price of Wheat, that is to fay, as well ‘ Waftcl, as other Bread of the better, fecond, or

*	third fort, fhall be weighed, as is aforefaid, by the 4 middle Price of Wheat; and the Aflife or Weight of

*	Bread fhall not be changed but by Six Pence increaf-4 ing or decreafing in the Sale of a Quarter.

4 III. By the Confent of the whole Realm of Eng-4 land, the Meafure of our Lord the King was made;

4 that is to fay, That an Engli/l) Peny, called a Ster-4 ling, round and without any clipping, fhall weigh 4 xxxii Wheat Corns in the,midft of the Ear, and xxd. 4 do make an Ounce, and xii Ounces one Pound, and 4 viii Pound do make a Gallon of Wine, and viii Gal-4 Ions of Wine do make a London Bufhel, which is the 4 Eighth Part of a Quarter. Forafmuch as in our Par-4 liament holden at Wejlnnnfter, in the flrfl Year of 4 our Reign, we have granted that all good Statutes 4 and Ordinances made in the Times of our Progeni-4 tors aforefaid, and not revoked, fhall be ftill held, 4 we have caufed, at the Requeft of the Bakers of our 4 Town of Coventry, that the Ordinances aforefaid, by 4 tenor of thefe Prefents, fhall be exemplified. In Wit-4 nefs whereof, Wc. Witnefs the King at IFeJhnin-

*	Jler, the xxii Day of March.’

II. Et feiendum eft quod piftor poteft lucrari in quolibet quarterio frumenti, ut probatum eft per piftores domini Regis, quatuor denarios Sc furfur, Sc duos panes ad furnagium ; tribus fervientibus unum denarium Sc obolum; duobus garconibus obolum ; in fale obolum in gefto obolum in can-delis q. in bofeo ii d. fob. q.J in bultello habendo denar. Sc ob. * Quando quarterium frumenti ven-ditur pro tribus folidis, vel quadraginta denariis, Sc ordeum pro viginti denar, vel duobus folidis Sc quarterium avene pro quindecim denariis, tunc bene poffunt braciatores vendere in civitatibus duas lagenas cervifie ad denarium, Sc extra debent vendere tres lagenas ad denarium. Et quando in Burgo venduntur tres lagene ad denarium, extra debent vendi quatuor, & bene poffunt. Et ifta aflifa debet teneri per totam Angliam [ex pro* vijior.e domini H. regis tercii].

Et . feiendum quod ft piftor vel bradatrix con-vi£ti fuerint, quod predi&as aflifas non fervave-runt, primo, fecundo, tercio, amercientur fe-cundum quantitatem delicti fui; Sc hoc quotief-cunque piftor defecerit in pondere panis quadran-tis citra duos folidos, quod tunc amercietur, u£ prediftum eft; fet fi excedat ii s. debet fubire judicium pillorie, fine aliqua redempeione pecunie: Eodem modo fiat, fi pluries deliquerit, & cafti-gari noluerit, tunc pacietur judicium corporis, feilicet colliftrigium, fi defecerit in pondere panis quadrantis citra ii s. ut predidtum eft ; Simili modo braciatrix fubeat trebuchetum vel caftigatori-um, ft pluries deliquerit. Sc caftigari noluerit,.



* Et fait affavoirque laiTife de pain ft de ccrvoifc nc ft chaungepas forfqcptr vid, encrefiantou aaiwiiiftnt en Is quartre./a titarg.

A. D. 1266, Anno quinquage£imo primo

nENRIC]

'The Statute made Anno 51 Hen. III. Stat. 2; and A. D. 1266,

Dies communes in Banco.

Concerning general Days in Bank in Real Aftions.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

SI breve venerit in Oftabis fanfti Michaelis, tunc dabitur dies in Oftabis fanfti Hilarii; Si in quindena fanfti Michaelis, in qnindena fanfti Hilarii; Si in tres feptimanas fanfti Michaelis in oftabis [craftino] Purificacionis beate Marie ; Si in craftino Animarum, in quindena Pafche; Si in Craftino fanfti Martini, in tres feptimanas Pafche ; Si in Oclabis fanfti Martini, in menfem Pafche; Si in quindena fanfti Martini, in quin-que feptimanas Pafche. Et ell: quidam dies fpecia-liter datus in craftino Afcenllonis Domini, & tan-tum valet, quantum quinque feptimanas Pafche; Si in quindena fanfti Hilarii, in oftabis fanfte Trinitatis, Sc aliquando in craftino fanfti Johannis Baptifte; Si in Craftino Purificacionis, in oftabis fanfti Johannis ; Si in Oftabis Purificacionis, in quindena fanfti Johannis ; Si in quindena Pafche in oftabis fanfti Michaelis :	in	tres	feptimanas

Pafche, in quindena fanfti Michaelis ; Si in menfe Pafche, in tres feptimanas fanfti Michaelis; Si in quinque feptimanas Pafche, vel in Craftino Afcen-tionis Domini, in'menfe fanfti Michaelis; Si in oftabis fanfte Trinitatis, in Craftino Animarum; Si in quindena fanfte Trinitatis, vel in Craftino fanfti Johannis Baptifte, in Craftino fanfti Martini ; Si in Oftabis fanfti Johannis Baptifte, in Oftabis fanfti Martini; Si in quindena fanfti Johannis Baptifte, in quindena fanfti Martini: Et ftc refpondet quilibet terminus alii.

F a Writ come in the Idas of St. Michael, a Day fhall be given thereupon unto the utas of St. Hilarii-, (2) And if it come in the quinzime of St.

MichaelDay fhall be given unto the quinzime of St.

Hilarii; (3) If it come in the three Weeks after St.

Michael, the Day fhall be craftino Purificationis;

(4) [* If within aMonth after Michaelmas, in the utas * of the Purification ; J (t) If in crajlino Animarum,1 then Origir.aU in the quinzime of Eajler; (6) If in craftino Martini, then in the three Weeks after £V/?*r;] (7) If in the utas of St. Martin, then in Eajler Month ; (.8) If in the quinzime of St. Martin,, then within five Weeks after Eajler ; (9) and alfo there is Day fpecially given4 ■ in crajlino Afeenfionis, and it countervaileth as much as within five Weeks after Eajler ; (10) [t If in the utas f irot-,n the of St. Hilarii, in the utas Trinitatis;] (ri) If in Original, quindena Hilarii, then in quindena J Trinitatis,. and J For Quindena J. lometime in crajlino of St. John Baptijl-, (12) If in read utas. crajlino Purificationis, then in crajlino and] utas of || Not in the St. John Baptijl-, (13) If in the utasoi the Purification, Original. then in quindena of St.John Baptijl; (14) If in quindena Pafcba, then in the utas of St. Michael-, (15) If within three Weeks after Eajler, then in quindena of St. Michael-, (16) If within Eaftcr Month, then within three Weeks of the Feaft of St.- Michael-,

(17) If within five Weeks after Eajler, or in crajlino AJcenfionis, then within a Month after the Feaft of.

St. Michael-, (18) If in the utas of the Trinity, them

in crajlino Animarum ; (19) If in quindena Trinitatis,

or in craftino of St. John Baptijl, then in crajlino-

Martini-, (20) If in the utas of St. John Baptijl,

then in the utas of St. Martin ; (21.) If in quindena of

St. John Baptijl, then Day fhall be given unto quin- Altered by ta-

dena Martini-, and-fo every Term fhall anfwer to ?• 8-'c- ZI-a

other.’	-	cJs1’

The Statute made Anno 51 Hen. III. Stat. 3. and Anno Dom. 1266..

Dies communes in Banco in f.aciio dotis.

Concerning general Days in a Writ of Dower.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

SI breve venerit in oftabis fanfti Michaelis, dabitur dies in craftino Animarum ; Si in quindena fanfti Michaelis, in craftino fanfti Martini ; Si in tribus feptimanis fanfti Michaelis, in oc-tabis fanfti Martini; Si in menfe fanfti Michaelis, in quindena fanfti Martini; Si in craftino Animarum, in oftabis fanfti Hilarii; Si in craftino fanfti Martini, in quindena fanfti Hilarii; Si in oftabis fanfti Martini in craftino Purificacionis beate Marie ; Si in oftabis fanfti Hilarii, in quindena Pafche ; J Si in quindena Jan ft i Martini,, in oftabis Purificacionis beate Marie ; Si in oftabis fanfti Hilarii, in quindena- Pafche $ Si in quindena fanfti. Hilarii,,

3.

‘ T F the Writ do come in oftabis Michaelis,• Day s § fhall be given until crajlino Animarum-, (2) If it-c come in quindena Michaelis, Day fhall be giverv ‘ until crajlino Martini-, (3) If within three Weeks c after the Feaft of St .Michael, then in oftabis Mar-£ tini;	(4)	If	in	menfe	Michaelis, then in quindena

‘ Martini -, (5) If in crajlino Animarum, then in ofta-‘ bis Hilarii-, -(6) If in crajlino Martini,, then in quin-‘ dena Hilarii; (7) If in oftabis Martini; then in cra-‘ Jim Purificationis ; (8) If in quindena Martini, then-c in oftabis Purificationis-, (9) If m oftabis Hilarii,-‘ then in quindena Pajcha ; (10) If in quindena Hilariir ( then in tribus feptimanis Pafcha ; (11) If in crajlino 4 Purificationis, then in menfe Paficha-, J 12) If in oc-

k' table -

Stat. 4.

Anno quinquagefimo primo Henrici XIL A. D. 1266.

* Add or in Crafiino San&i Johannis Bap-tijie.

j For Craftino, read cElabis.

J Add or in Craft:no Sanfli Johanna Bap-tiftc.

|) For Crafiino, lead oElabis. S\Kot in the 1 Original.

4- For Crafiino Animarum, read in MenfemSancii Mi c bee les.

‘ tabis Purificationis, then in crajlino Afcenfionis ; (13) If ‘ in quindena Pafcha, then in oftabis Trinitatis-, (14) If ‘ in tribus feptimanis Patches, then in quindetia Trinita-‘ tis '* ; (15) If in menfe Pafchev, then in crafiino f Jo-‘ hannis Baptijla ; (16) If in quinquefeptimanas Pafches, ‘ then in oftabis Johannis; (17) If in crajlino Afcenfw-1 nis, then in quindena johannis; (18) If in oftabis ‘ Trinitatis, then in oftabis Michaelis (19) If in quin-c dena Trinitatis X, then in quindena Michaelis ; (20) If -In QceA\no\X Johannis Bapti/les, then in tribus Jepti-‘ manis .Michaelis ; (21) If in oftabis Johannis Bap-‘ .tiftas, then in menfe Michaelis ; (22) If in quindena ‘ Johannis Baptijla, then in crajlino Animarum 4-.’

Cotton MS.

in tres feptimanas Pafche ; Si in crajlino Purificacio-nis, in menfe Pafche ; J Si in oftabis Purificacionis, in crafiino Afcenfionis Domini; Si in quindena Pafche, in oftabis fanfte Trinitatis; Si in 3 tres feptimanis Pafche, in quindena fanfte Trinitatis, vel in crafiino fanfti Johannis Baptifle ; Si in menfe Pafche, in oftabis fanfti Johannis Baptifle ; [5/ in quinque feptimanas Pafche, in oftabis fanfti Johannis Baptifle;] Si in crafiino Afcenfionis Domini, in quindena fanfti Johannis Baptifle ; Si in oftabis fanfte Trinitatis, in oftabis fanfti Michaelis; Si in quindena fanfte Trinitatis, vel in crafiino fanfti Johannis Baptifle, in quindena fanfti Michaelis; Si in oftabis fanfti Johannis Baptifle, in tres fepti-manas fanfti Michaelis ; Si in quindena fanfti Johannis Baptifle in menfem fanfti Michaelis.

Altered by 32 H. 8. c*»i. Sc s6 Car. I, c. 6. And fee 24.Geo.~2* c. 48. for the further Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term: And the 4th Sc6l. of the fame Statute ordaining that in D Giver .after Iffue joined there need not be above 15 Days between the Teftc and Return of the Venire, &?c.

* Tribus Septimams.

fthe Statute De Diftridione Scaccarrii, made Anno 51 Hen. III. Stat. 4.

and Anno Dom. 1266.

What Diftrefs fhall be taken for the King’s Debts, and how it fhall be ufed.

The Owner may c< "B ''-'Orafmuch as the Commonalty of the Realm feed his Cattle “ jri hath fuflained great Damage by wrongful ta-impoMnded. tc ■*- king of Diftrelles, which have been made by 9 Ed. 4. (.S' “ Sheriffs, and by other the King’s Bailiffs, for the 5 h. 7. f. 9,	“ King’s Debt, or for any other caule:’ It is therefore

ai Ed. 4. f. 53. ‘ provided and ordained, that * when a Sheriff, or any * ’ptWerds w ‘ 0t)jer Man doth take the Beajls of other, they to whom flfLT:n ‘ the Bealls do belong may give them their Feeding ‘ without Dnturbance (10 long as they be impounded) c without giving any thing for their keeping, (z) And c that the Bcafls, nor no other Diflrefs taken for the ‘ King’s Debt, nor for any other caufe, be given ne -c fold within Fifteen Days after the taking. And if ‘ any bring the Tally of a Payment made in the Ex-NoSale of Di- ‘ chequer, the Diftrefs fhall ceafe. (3) And if he ilrefs within ‘ bring the Tally of any Sheriff or Bailiff, of Payment 15 Days. ‘ made to them of the thing demanded, and will find jCltercdiy z w. c pjejges that he will appear in the Exchequer, upon c ‘ el' '■ e the next account, to do as Right fhall require, then ril'd farther ly ‘ the Diftrefs fliall ceafe. And the Sheriff or Bailiff 8 Am. c. 14.'	‘ fhall caufe him to he attached that ought to have ac-

And 11 G. z. < quitted him, J that he appear upon the fame account, c:	,	c to do as Right fhall require; and there fhall have the

Jr 0^, at‘rCa i names of the pledges. (4) Yet it is provided, that No Diftrefs (lull ‘ no man of Religion, nor other, fliall be diflraincd. be taken of ‘ by his Beafls that gain his Land, nor by his Sheep, I’lough-Catilc 4 por j-pjg }jing’s Debt, nor the Debt of any other man, Vfj I' ‘ nor for any other caufe, J by the King’s or other tCifs Hr otl-cr | Bailiffs, hut until they can find another Diflrefs, or Half, read by e Chattels luff.cient whereof they may levy the Debt, the King’s Has- ‘ or that is fufficient for the Demand (except impound-ljsf 0,1:1 r c ing of Bealls that a man findeth in his ( jround, Da-f fj ,,	% ‘ magefafant, after theUfe and Cuflom of the Realm.)

j. J tlfif ,.	‘ (ft) And that fuch Diftrefles be reafonable, after the

c. 12.	* Value of the Debt or Demand, and by the Eflima-

E egift. 97.	‘ tion of Neighbours, and not by Strangers, and not

o ’ r c outragious. (6) Howbeit, the King willeth and b'.	’	* commandeth, that Sheriffs, or their Bailiffs, that

4 H. 7. f. 8. Dyer, f. 312. Fitz. Brief, 662. A Diftrefs fhall be reafonable.

4

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

PUrceo qe la comunalte du roialme ad eu graunt damage per torcenoufes prifes, quount efle faites per vifeountes, & per autres Bailliffs le Roi, per achefon de la dette mRoi, ou per autre achefon; purveueflqueceux as queuxles avers fount les puiffent peflre de lour faunz deflourber, quaunt eux ferrount emparkez, faunz rien doner pur la garde : & que les avers, ne nulle autre deflrefle pris pur la dette leRoi, ou per autre enchefon, ne foi-ent venduz [ne donez,] deinz les xv. jours [de la prife.] Et fi nul porte faille come de paie faite a Lefcheqer, ceffe la deflrefce & fil [ft null] porte taille denul Vifcounte ou de Baillif de paie faite a lui de la chofe demaunde, et voille trover plegges dcflre al Efcheqer al profehein acompt, afaire qe droit ferra, adonqes ceffe la deflrefle,- & qe le Vifcount, ou les baillifs, face attacher lui que les deufl aveir aquite, fil foit fur mefme lacompte, afaire fur ceo qe droit ferra; & eit illoeques les nouns des plegges. Unqore eft purveu, qe null homme de religion, nautre,foit deftreinte per [fes~\ belles qe gaignent fa terre, ne per fes berbis, pur la dette le Roi, ne pur la dette dautri, ne per autre enchefon, per le baillif le Roi, ne per autre homme, taunt come 1cm trove autre deflrefce, & autres chateux fuffilauntz, dount ilspoient lever la dette, ou ceo qe fuffice al demaunde, horfpris emparke-mentz des belles quaunt homme les trove fefauntz damage, felonc leie & lufage de la terre: & qe les deftrefees foient refonables a la mountaunce de la dette, ou de la demaunde [damage,] felonc refoun, Si noun pas outrageous [la value per .ejlimacion des vejins, kef nemyeper cjlrangesl\ Unqore voet le Roi, Si comaunde,'que touz les Vifeountes Si les Baillifs, qount refeeu les dettes le Roi de la fomons del Efcheqer, & qi naquitent de ceo les dettours fur lour profthein acompte foient puniz felonc les eftatutz 5»H. 3. c. 4.	19 E. 3. f. 16.	29	E.	3.	f. 24.	41E. 3. f. 26.

nadgairs

25

Stat.

nadgairs faites. Et voet le Roi, qe touz les dettes de la fomons de Lefcheqer, qe les Vifcountes, ou les Baillifs ount refceu, qils foient maintenaunt allowez; le quel qils eient refceu toute la dene, ou partie, iffint qe mes ne -viegne en fomons, ceo qe le Vifcount avera conu foi aver refceu, &e.

1

have received the King’s Debt of the Summons of the Exchequer, and have not acquitted the Debtors thereof at the next account, fhall be punifhed after the Statutes made thereupon. (7) And the King willeth, that all Debts of Summons of the Exchequer that the Sheriff or Bailiff have confeffed Receipt, fhall be allowed him forthwith : fo that whether he received all the Debt, or Part, it fnall never come more in Demand nor Summons, after the Sheriff hath confeffed the Receipt.’

A Sheriff", which reteiveth the King's D«-*br, fh4II acquit the Debtor.

Enforced by 3

1 • C. 19. ‘lifiv.ib fttbjeBls Sheriffs tff tiding to it Penally of ft cble the Rccc jt.

Statutum • De Scaccario, wade Ann. ci Hen. III! Stat, c. and Anno^-rw^ut.

1	_	,r'	°	Rutland.	xuE.i.

Uom. 1260.

When the King’s Fermors, Sheriff's, and Bailiffs, fhall make their Accompts and Payments.

Who fhall be Efcheators in feveral Shires.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

LE roi voet, qe toutes maneres acs Baillifs, Vifcountes, 5c autres Miniftre.s le Roi, auxi-bien le Juftice de Ceftre, 5c les Baillifs cles Mes, come autres de touz maneres de refccites'des iffues, des gardes, dcs efehetes, de lour baillies', foient refpoignantz al efcheqer,' 5c illoeqcs rendent acompte al Treforer, 5c as Barduns. £t qe touz les Vifcountes, Fermers, Baillifs des fraunchifes, 5c autres, qi devent venir al profre del Efcheqer, lendemain de feint Michel, 5c lendemain de la clufe de Pafqe, pur paier lour fermes, rentes, & iffues, qappendent au Roi, viegnent as avauntditz, 5c portent illoeqcs pleinement les avauntdites fermes, rentes, 5: iffues, 5c les paient al’ Efcheqer. Et ff nul faile de paier pleinement ceo qil doit paier, ff-come avaunt eft dit, foil corps demoerge faunz departier jefques a taunt qil eit paie, ou gree fait Et celui qi ne vendra as avantdites termes, foit amercie felonc les uf.iges del Efcheqer. Et a mef-mes les termes les Vifcountes & les Baillifs porte-tount les deniers, 5c paierount al Efcheqer, ceo qils averount refceu a la fomons del Efcheqer, & des autres dettes le Roi, 5c de touz les chofes avantdites foient preftes 5c apparaillez defaire vewe da-compt.

Et touz les Baillifs des fraunchifes, qi deivent les dettes le Roi [lever] et refpounderont as Vifcountes a lour maundement, felonc les eftretes de'la fomons del Efcheqer, viegnent & refpoignent fufff-fantement. Et ceux qi ne frount, demoergent les corps de eux en la garde des Vifcountes ; 5c les Vifcountes, pur lour defeutes, envoierent lever les dettes per lour baillifs demeigne, 5c per la ou ils purrount, ftcome lem foleit faire en temps paffe. Et ft les Baillifs nc viegnent a refpoundre a jour [de ceo an & jour] qe les Vifcountes les ferront af-favoir, les Vifc.ontcs entrent en les fraunchifes, hi facent lever les dettes [ter lour baillifs demeigne [en mefme la mattere.]

En droit de juftice de Ceftre, & des Baillifs des Ifles, voet le Roi, qils viegnent per afeun de lour al profer de feint Mirhcl chefcun an, a rendre quaunt qils deivent au Roi a cel terme. Et a la [profre ele la] clufe de Pafqe, viegnent en mefme la manere, & portent ce qils deivent au Roi adon-.qes. Et le Juftice de Ceftre eit jour dacompt dan VOL. I.

THE King cofnmandeth, that all manner ofwl ...

Bailiffs, Sheriffs, and other Officer , as well King’sBailiffs, the Juftices of Chcfer, and other Bailiff's of and officersxhail thefe Counties!, as other that be Receivers * of Wards, accompt. of Efcheats, f and other Bailiwicks, (hall be anlwera- , ble in the Exchequer, and there ftiall make account to the-Treafurer and Barons % of the fame place. (2) j ike Words And that all Sheriffs, Fermors, Bailiffs of Franchi- it at;(is tin in the fes, and other, II Jhall come to the Profer in the Ex- f'V™!. -chequer, .the Monday after the Feaft of St. Michael, H F otPal‘> and the Monday after the Utas of Eajler, for to pay fj... their Ferms, Rents, and Iffues belonging to the King, and 4- Jhall bring at the forefaid Terms, the forefaid 4 ForJhallhr.rg Ferms, Rents, and IJfues due, wholly into the Ex- at the a fere aid chequer, as , before is mentioned. (3) And if they ’terms, fsV. read make default, their Bodies fhall remain without St-Ihf[im:fluhc parting from thence, until they have paid or made jfffu ;hS‘ agreement; and he that will not come at the Terms img in full the aforefaid, fhall be amerced after the Cuftom of the aforefaid Ferms, Exchequer ; (4) and the Sheriffs and Bailiffs at the A™** andIJTu“, fame Terms fhall bring and pay fuch Money as they fxcheTef‘° have received of the Summons of the Exchequer, ‘ -Xl and other the King’s Debts, and fhall be prepared • and ready to make full accompt of the things aforefaid.

* II. And that all Bailiffs of Franchifes, which Bailiffs of Fran-‘ ought to .levy, the King’s Debts, and be anfwerable chifes accompt.

‘ to the Sheriffs thereof, fhall come and accompt fuf->

‘ ficiently, according to the Extreats of the Summons ‘ of the Exchequer; and fuch as do not, their Bodies •

‘ fhall remain inWard of the Sheriffs ; and for Dc-‘ fault in them, the Sheriffs fhall caufe the Debts to be ‘ levied by their own Bailiffs, where they have Power,

‘ as they have ufed to do in time paffed. And if the ‘ Bailiffs do not come in at the Day that the Sheriff ‘ fhall give them knowledge, the Sheriff fhall enter * into the-fame Franchifes, and levy the Debts with ‘ his own hand.

‘ HI. Concerning Juftices of Chejler, and Bailiffs The [unices and ‘ thereof, the King willeth, that they, or one of them, Bailiff. of CheS-

*	fhall come at the Profer of St. Michael every \ ear, ter’s accompt.

‘ when they ought to give account unto the King;

*	and at the Profer of the Utas of Eafer they fhall come ‘ likewife, and bring in that which they owe to the ‘ King for that Term ; and the Juftices of Chejler fhall

E	‘	have

•j* For Mend ay, read Mot row. Sheriffs fhall

‘ have Day to accompt from Year to Year in quindena ‘ Pafcbes\ and the Bailiffs thereof the + Monday of ‘ Eafter Utas. (z) And that all Sheriffs of England, keep.the King’s ‘ except the Sheriffs of Wcjhnorland, Lancafler, IVor-ccjier, Rutland, and Cornwall, fhall from henceforth keep all fuch Wards and Efcheats, that are not in other Fees, as belong to the King, which be within their Shires ; and of the Iffues thereof they fhall be anfweruble in the Exchequer at the Terms aforefaid ; (3) |1 and a! their Turns that they make in their Shires, they Jhall find Office of other Things, which the King’s Efcheators have not ufecl to find of that which hclongeth unto the King, once or twice in the Year, to as little Grievance cf the People as they (4) And the Sheriffs find] feize the Efcheats

Waids 2nd Efcheats.	c

Altered by	<

3Z H. 8. c. 46. {

which ejlabljhes the Court of the c King's Hards, c and made obf. by <. JZ Ccr. z. c. z\. { |j The Meaning ^ cf this Sentence Jeans to be as c follows:—And at < their Turns which c they snake in their ( Shires, they

can.

that fail, to remain unto the King in Fee, and fhall certify the King of them without delay.

Jhall be ankoerahle for their Ojji.es, and for other Things which the Efcheators ufed to do, and which belong to the Efcleat, once, next Sentence but one dears up this PaJJage.

Cotton MS.

en an a la xv. de Pafqe; & les Baillifs des Illes lendemayn de la clufe de Pafqe. Et que touz les Vifcountes Dengleterre, horfpris le vifeounte de Weftmerl’, Lane. Wirceftr’, Roteland’, Sc Gorne-waill’, deforemes gardent les gardes &les efehetes, qe ne fount en fee, qappendent au Roi dedeinz lour Countces; Sc des iffues loialment refpoignent al Efchcqcr as termes avauntdites; Sc as termes [lour tournes] qils frount per lour Countees, delour offices, Sc des autres chofes, qe Jes Efchetours fo-leient faire, & qappent a! 4 efeheterie uri foitz ou deux, au meindre mefehier faunz grevance del poeple, qils purrount. Et les efehetes qe cher-rount au roi a demurrier en fee, les Vifcountes les feifent, & les facent favoir au Roi faunz delaie.

etc.

V/hat follows in ths

Three Survey-

ed.

Wards and Eft-heats let to Ferm.

SherifFsEfcheat-ors in other Siaires#

* Add in the Ex -

chequer.

For Monday, read Morrow,

Collectors cf ihe Cuftom of Woolls.

t Add West.

[j Tie Words in Italic is no! in the Original*

‘ IV. And the King Aral] affign three able Perfons ‘ that fliall go throughout the Realm, to furvey and ‘ find the Wards and Efcheats aforefaid, from Year to ‘ Year, when they fhall think requifitc. (2) And the ‘ Sheriffs by their Counfel fliall approve, and let to ‘ Ferm, or otherwife, fuch Wards and Efcheats, as ‘ they fhall think moft for the King’s Advantage.

‘ V. Touching the five Shires before named, the ‘ King will, that the Sheriff of Cumberland fliall exe-‘ cute the Office of Efcheator in the Shires of IVeJl-‘ merland and Lancafler-, and the Sheriff of Notting-‘ ham in Rutland-, and the Sheriff of Glottcejler in Wor-‘ cefier ; and the Sheriff of Devonjhire in Cornwall;

‘ and fliall fafely keep the King his Wards and Ef-‘ cheats in the fame Shires, and fhall be anfwerable in ‘ the Exchequer for the Iflues of them, as well as for ‘ their own Shires. (2) And the three able Perfons ‘ aforefaid fliall furvey and extend fuch Wards and Ef-‘ cheats, as well there as in other Places, and thofe ‘ fhall be approved by their Counfel. And when the ‘ Sheriffs do accompt for their Counties, they fhall ac-‘ compt for fuch Wards and Efcheats. And in like ‘ manner fhall the juftices of Cbejler do, and their Bai-‘ liffs alfo, everyone for his Bailiwick. (3) And the ‘' faid three able Perfons fhall keep the King’s Demeans,

‘ and fliall approve them as they fhall think beft for the ‘ King’s Advantage, and fliall be anfwerable * for the ‘ Iflues: (4) And they fhall have power to let forth ‘ (mail Manors and Demeans to folk of the fame Pla-‘ ecs, or to other, according to their Difcretion, and ‘ fhall let them to Ferm from Year to Year, as they. ‘ fhall think moft to the King’s Profit: And the Fer-

•	mors fhall be chargeable for their Ferms unto the. ‘ principal Approvers, and they unto the Exchequer,. ‘ the + Alonday next after the Afcenfion, from Year to

‘ Year-

‘ VI. And the principal Colle&ors of the Cuftom of ‘ Woolls, at the two Terms before mentioned, fliall ‘ pay all fuch Money as they have received of the faid ‘ Cuftom, and fhall make accompt from Year to Year

*	clearly of all Parcels received in any of the Ports, or ‘ other Places of the Realm, fo that they fhall anfwer ‘ for every Ship where it was charged, and how much %

‘ it carried, |[ and whofie the JVoolls were, and for eve-‘ ry other Charge in the Ship, whereof Cuftom is due,

‘ and for the whole Receipt.

Et le Roi attournera trois prodes hommes, qi ir-rount per .tote la terre, pur b purfourver Sc eftendre les gardes Sc les efehetes avauntdites, de an en an, quaunt ils verrount qe bon foit. Et les Vifcountes per counfeil de eux proverount per mettre a ferme, & en autre manere, tiels gardes & efehetes en la manere qils verrount, qe mieux foit al pru le Roi.

Et en les cynk Countees avauntnomes, voet le Roi, qe le Vifeounte de Cumber!’ face loffice def-cheteric en les Countees de Weftmerl’ Sc Lane. & celui de Not’ en Rotel’; Sc celui de Lancafler [de Glouceftrc] en Wirceftre ; Sc celui de Devenfhire en Cornewaill, Sc fouvement gardent les efehetes let gardes\ au Roi, Sc de mefmes les Countees, Sc refpoignent des iflues al Efcheqer, fi come ils dei-vent faire de lour Countees. Et les trois prodes hommes avauntditz furverount Sc eftenderount tiels gardes Sc efehetes, ficome aillours, Sc per le counfeil deux foient appruez. Et quaunt les Vifcountes acompterount de lour acomptz, fi accompte-rount des gardes & des efehetes. Et per mefme la manere face le Juftice de Ceftre, Sc les Baillifs des Illes, chefcun en fa baillie. Et les prodes hommes avauntdites garderount les demeignes le Roi, Sc les emprowerount felonc ceo qils verront qe mieux foit al oeps le Roi, Sc refpondcrount al Efcheqer des iflues : Et mefmes ceux averount poer de bail-ler petitz maneres en meins a les geutz des mefmes les villes [lieux] ou as autre, felonc lour difcrecion, a fermes certeins de an en an, per la ou ils verrount qe foit apru le Roi. Et yceux formers refpounde-rount des iflues a ceux avauntditz principals approvers, Sc [foient] eux al Efcheqer lendemain del Afcenfion, de an en an.

Et qe les [principalisJ Coillours de la cuftume des leins paient, a les deux termes avantditz, touz les deniers, qils averont pris [coillez] Sc refeeu de lavauntdit cuftume, Sc dan en an rendent acompt apertement Sc diftimftement de touz les parcels re-feeux per toutes les portes, & per toute la terre, iffint qil refpoigne de chefcun neef, ou ele ferra charge, Sc come bien ele portera de la leine. Sc dautre aver charge en la nief, de cuftume qeft due. Sc de toute la relceite.

4

a Efdieqier irrtnorg,. [b ferfourver.]

Et

Stat. 5.

27

Cotton MS.

Et le g.irdein de la Garderobe le Roi rende a--compt de an en an al Efcheqer a le feint Margarete; Et le Treforer & les Barouns de Lefcheqer foient chargez per ferement, qils nentendrount doier les plees des quereles de nullui, taunt come ils eient affaire des bufoignes le Roi, ft ce neft querele qe touche la dette le Roi mcfmes. EtquauntVif-countou Baillif eit comence de acompter, nul autre ne feit refceu de aconter tanque le primer qe foit affis eit peraccompte, & qe la fomme foit refceu. Et qe le Coneftable, & le Marefchal, & les marefchalx, & les Chamberleyns, & les autre?, qi font de fee al Efcheqer, deforemes perfenrent au Roi mefmes ceux qils metterount en lour lieux affaire lour office de lieu-x : & celes gents foient de bone fame, & qils'foient fuffifeantz, & tieux pur qi fates ils voillent refpoundre.

Et le Roi enjoint al Treforer & as Barouns, en lafoi qils lui deivent, &le ferment qils fount, qils ne mettent autres deputes depar eux qe ceux qi fount refceux. Et qe Lefcheqer ne foit charge de pluis de gentz qe mieftre eft. Et qe nul de laviz jure le Roi mette homme pur lui, ne clerc, ne lay, qil ne foit jure de laviz, & ceo faunz efpecialc conge le Treforer. Et ft null’le face, foit main-tenaunt remue de foil office, & null’ autre ne foit refceu err fon lieu faunz le Roi. Et ft celui qi ferra mys, h celui qi lavera mys, foit puny, felonc le trefpas. Et ft ambedeux ne fuffifent, foient puniz ovefque le feignour [fovereigne,] quel qil foit de fee, ou de autre en fon lieu, tanqe le Roi eit autre chofe ordene. Et ft celui qi avera tenu le lieu dau-tre per conge le Treforer, face chofe qil ne deyve [doit faire^\ foit puny felonc le trefpas, fil ad de quoi; & fil nad dc quoi, celui qi lavera mys re-fpoigne de fon trefpas Et ft celui ne fuffice, refpoig-ne celui qi le avera mys en loffice, le quel qil foit, de fee ou dautre. Et touz ceux de laviz. facent le ferement, qe ft null puis perceiver qe autre face delleaute, ou malveifte, ou autre chofe, face af-favoir au Treforer Sz as Barouns, ou afeun de ceux, qi le face amendre, & ft mieftre foit, faccnt favoir au Roi. Et qe entour la fefte de feinte Margarete, avaunt qe Lefcheqer foit clos, face chefcun an bien ferchier & veer, li Vifcount, ou autre Baillif, qi deuft avoir acompt cel an, neit acompte, •* foil acompt foit primerement oy apres le feint Michel, avaunt ceo qe nul autre Vifcounte foit refceu da-compter. Et ft ceo foit autre Baillif, foit maunde, cu deftreint, qil viegne a certein jour dacompter, iflint qe nul acompt foit fuffiert dendormer. Et purceo qe les Coneftables, Vifcountes, & autres [bai/lifs] ount meintefoitz eu outrageous allowances per faux teftmoignance des overeignes le Roi,

■ & des autres chofes purveus per fes comaunde-mentz, purveu eft, qe touz les veours des overeignes le Roi foient efluz per ferement des prodes homines, & tkux qi mieux fachent, voillent & puiflent a cel office entendre, 3i qe feient fuffizans

‘ VII. And the Warden of the King’s Wardrobe ThcAccon-.pt 4 fliall make accompt yearly in the Exchequer in the '^Kespci-c Feaft of St. Margaret; (2) and the Treafurer and wA/Jbe?2"

4 Barons 4- fliall be charged by Oath, that they fnall 4. Add <f the 4 not attend to hear the Pleas or Matters of other Men, Excketjutr.

4 while they have to do with the King’s Bufinefs, if it King’s ‘ be not a Matter that concerneth the King’s own Pe^r nP1!

4 Debt. (3) And when a Sheriff or Bailiff hath begun e 'ir"'

‘ his Accompt, none other fliall be received to ac-4 compt, until he that was firft appointed hath clearly ‘ accompted, and his Money received. (4) And that ‘ the Conftable, Marfhal, Chamberlain, and other 4 that are of Fee in the Exchequer, from henceforth 4 fliall prefent unto the King fuch as they have put in I their Places to do their Offices, which muff: be of ‘ goodPame, and fufficicnt, for whofe Acts themfelves ‘ will anfwer.

‘ VIII. And the King commandeth the 1 rcafurer, j>p»tY.Office,,

‘ and Barons of the Exchequer, upon their Allegiance, ;n rhe'Exche-4 and by the Oath that they have made to him, that fi-sor.

4 they lhall not afiigri any in their rooms, but fuch 4 as this A£l meaneth of, and that the Exchequer be ‘ not charged with more Perfons than is neceffary,

4 (z) And that none of them, that be fworn to the ‘ King, fliall put in his room any other Clerk or Lay ‘ Perfon, except he be fworn, without fpecial Licence ‘ of the Treafurer; and if any be, he fliall be forth-. ‘ with removed from his Office, and none other fliall 4 be received in his Head without the King’s Licence.

‘ (3) And if any that is received without the Treafur-‘ er’s Licence do trefpafs after, Punifhment lhall be ‘ done as well to the Affignor, as to him that is affign-c ed, according to the Trefpafs. (4) And if both be ‘ unfufficient, their Superior (hall be puniftied, whe-‘ th r be be Officer of Fee, or other. (;) And the 4 Treafurer fliall put no other in his rcorn, until he ‘ hath Commandment from the King. (6) And if he ‘ that keepeth the room of another, by Licence of the 4 Treafurer, doth any thing that he ought not to do,

4 he {hall be punifhed according to the Trefpafs, if he 4 have whereof; and if he have not, he that put him 4 in Office {hall be charged for his Trefpafs; and if he 4 that put him in Office be not fufficicnt, his Superior 4 {hall be charged, whether he be of Fee, or othervvife,

4 IX. And they * of the Wooll-ftaple fliall make * Of the Woof:-4 Oath, that if any of them may perceive that another topic is inierte4 4 doth commit any Default, Offence, or other thing ^

4 f difhoneft in the Office of the JVooll-Jlaple, or that he f Not in the 4 hath done before, that they {hall certify it to the Original.

4 Treafurer, or to the Barons, or to fome of them, J or % h&&,-.vbe/bail 4 to the Kinghimfelf, if need require. (2) And that C3"fi lf tD 4 about the Feaft of St. Margaret, hefore that the Ex-	..

4 chequer be doled, they fnall caufe a Search to be officers"that 4 made, whether any Sheriff or Bailiff, that ought to might to ae-4 have accompted the fame Year, have not, and there-4 upon a Remembrance in a Roll {hall be made by it 4 felf. (;) And if it be a Sheriff, his Accompt fliall 4 be firft heard after Michaelmas, before that any other 4 be received to accornpt: (4) And if he be a Bailiff",

4 he fliall be fummoned or dillrained to come at a cer-4 tain Day for to accompt, fo that no Accompt fliall 4 be fuffered to fleep. (5) And forafmuch as Sheriffs,

4 Conftables, and other, obtain many..times outragi-4 ous Allowances, by pretence of the King’s Works,

4 and other Things done and provided by his Com- Slls 0l:lhe 4 mandment; it is provided, that all Surveyors of the King’s Works.

4 King’s Works A12II be chofen by the Dath of 4 Of good Mca,

3 The Original perns here intperfeH,

E 2

4 Twelve

Anno quinquageffi



|{ Add as are bcfi 6 pulled and 'will, <-&c.	c

* For *Treasurer, 4 read King* c •Si For Sale, read 4

Paljc\	<

4

Not in tie 4 Original,	c

Xxtreats of Fines and Amerciaments fliall be delivered in the 6 Exchequer. <

See 37 Ed, 3. c c, 4.	1 Riib. c

Z. c. 5. concerning-the Duty of Clerks of the Ex- c dsesvir*	t

Twelve Men, and of fuch as || will and may attend bell to that Office; and that they be fufficient to an-fwer the King, if need be, and fhall fwear that they hear lawful Witnefs. (6) Arid if the * Treafurer or Barons of the Exchequer have any Sufpicion of Sale, Allowances of Charges, or other Things, the Truth mull be inquired; and he that is attainted, lhall an-fvver to the King for as much as the Allowance a-mounteth unto, and lhall be imprifoned 4-one Year and forty Days, and fhall be punimed at the King’s Pleafurc, and the Surveyors fliall be punilhed for their Confent. (7) And likewife lie- that upon the Ac-compt did conceal and keep fecret fuch Things, whereof he ought to have charged himfelf, lhall be punilhed in like wife as he that admitted fuch falfe Allowances.

‘ X. And that all the Jufticers, Commiflioners, and other, lhall from henceforth deliver into the Exchequer, at the Feaflof St. Michael, from Year to Year, the Extreats of Fines and Amerciaments made and taxed before them, and of all Things wherefore the Extreats are wont to be delivered there. (2) And they of the Exchequer lhall make Extreats of the Summons through all Shires, faving that the Extreats in the Eyre of all Pleas lhall be delivered immediately after the Eyre made.’

Cotton MS.. de refpoundre au Roi, fi mieftre foit, & foient ju-rez qe ils porterount Ioial tefmoignaunce. Et ft le Roi, ou les Barouns [de lefcheqer~\ eient null’ en fufpecion de faux allowance faite des overeignes, ou dautre chofe, fi foit la verite enrequife ; & ce-lui qi ferra atteint de ceo refpolgne au Roi de taunt come cele allowaunce amounte, & eit la prifone, & foit pany a la volunte le Roi, & les veours foient reintz [puniz] pur le confente. Et per mefme la manere celui qi avera concele fur acompt les chofes dount il fe deuft charger, foit puny come celui'qi avera [fait] faux allowance.

Et qe les Juftices, enquerrours, & airtres, de-foretnes liverent al Efcheqer, ala leint Michel, de an. en an, lour eftretes des fins, & des amercie-mentz faltes & taxez devaunt eux, de touz les-chofes dount eftretes foleient eftre liverez illoeqes. Et ceux de Lecheqer facent leftrete de la fomons per touz les Countees, fauve ceo qe leftrete en eire de Juftices de touz plees foient maintenaunt liveres apresleire faiu

JUDICIUM PILL OR IE.

A Statute of the Pillory and Tumbrel, and of the Affile of Bread and Ale, made Anno 51 Her. III. Stat. 6. and A. D. 1 266,

The Pjni/hment.'c t)f a Baker or c Brewer olVcnd- c, ‘*2*	4

.Repealed as to c the A'flife of € Bread by	c

S Ann, c iS. c

* Tie Word ° Trcoas is omitted c it: tic Tranfatiou. c According to 4 Trona is c a	and	was

uf t to 'Weigh fl'td j and 'l ro- 6 rjje it //••?/• c tior.ed in V/f. 2. c « 25. € A Jery fv.c:n.

Of what tl/r.gs ' the J-,r> lhall « •nquin,	4

IF a Baker or a - Brewer be convict’, becaufe he hath not obferved the Affife of Bread and Ale, the firft, fecond,. and third time, he lhall be amerced according to his Offence, if it be not over grievous ; (z) but if the Offence be grievous and often, and will not be corrected,, then he lhall'fufFer Punifhment of the Body, that is to wit, a Baker to- the Pillory, and a Brewer to the Tumbrel, or fome other Correction. (3) Firft, fix lawful men fliall be fworntruly to gather all Meafures of the Town, that is to wit, Bulhsls, half and quarter Bufhels, Gallons, Pottles, and Quarts,, as well of Taverns as of other Places ; Meafures and Weights, that is to wit, Pounds, half Pounds, * and other little Weights, wherewith Bread of the Town or of the Court is weighed, that is to fay, one Loaf of every fort of Bread. (4) And upon every Meafure, Bulhel, Weight, and alfo upon every Loaf, the Name of the Owner diftimftly written ; ( ) and likewife they fhall gather the Meafures of Tills. (6) After which'Thing done, twelve lawful Men lha I fvvear to make true Anfwer to all fuch ^Things as fhall be demanded of them in the King’s Behalf upon Articles here following; and fuch Things as be fccrct, they (hall utter fecretly, and anfwer privately. (7) And the Bailiffs fliall be commanded to bring in ail the Bakers and Brewers with their Meafures, and all things under written. (8) Firft, they fhall inquire the Price of Wheat, that is to wit, how a Quarter of the beft Wheat was fold the laft Market-day, and hew the fecond Wheat, and how

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

SI Piftor convidtus fuerit, vel Braciatrix convic-ta, quod iftas afllfas.non obfervaverit, primo, fecundo, & tertio, amercietur fecundum quan-titatem delicli, Sc non graviter deliquerit; &fi gra-viter deliquerit & pluries, & caftigari noiuerit pa-tiatur judicium corporis, fcilicet, Piftor colliftri-gium, & Braciatrix trebuchetum vel caftigacionem. Primo, fex legales homines jurent flcleliter colligere omnes menfuras ville, videlicet, buflellum, dimr-dium buflellum, & quartas buffciii, omnes ga]one3, potellos, h quartas, tam de tabernis, quam aliis.; ulnas & pondera,.fcilicet libras, diniid,.libras, trc.-nas, ac minora pondera villarum, per que ponde-rant panemvillarum, per que ponderant panem in Cur. fcilicet de quolibet genere panis unum panem ; Et fuper menfuras, ulnas, pondera,1 tunc feribant fuper fingulos panes eorum nomina dL-ftindte, quorum flint; & menfuras molendinorum colligant.. Poftea xii. legales homines fideliter re-fpondeant ad interro;;ata ab eis,' [que] ex parte Regis querantur ab eis que feripta funt; Sc que fuut feripta, proponant fecrete, & privatim refpondeant; et mandetur ballivis, quod habeant corpora omnium piftorum, Sc omnium braciatricium, una cum menfuris Sc omnibus aliis fubferiptis. Primo que-ratur de vendicione frumenti, videlicet, quomodo vendebatur ultimo die quarterium frumenti melio-ris, Sc quomodo quarterium minoris precii, & quomodo tercii precii, & quomodo quarterium order ■& avene. Poftea quomodo refpondeant panes pi-

ftoris

Stat. 6.

29

Cotton MS.

ftoris in Curia fua, videlicet, Waftellum, h alii panes, fecundum vendicionem melioris precii,-aut tercii precii. Item pro quanto incremento vel de-cremcnto in vendicione quarterii frume'nti debeat piftor mutare affifam fuam, & pondus panis fui. Item quantum debeat ponderare Waftellum de quadrante, & omnes alii panes, fecundum vendicionem quarterii frumenti quam prefentant. Item pro quanto defeftu ponderis panis de quadrarue piftor debeat amerciari, vel fubire judicium pillorie, fecundum confuetudinem Curie fue. Item ft aliquis fenefcallus vel ballivus pro aliqua mercede remiferit judicium pillorie, vel tumbrelli adjudicatum, vel de jure adjudicandum.

Item ft habeatur in villa pilloria debite fortitu-dinis, fecundum quod pertinet ad libertatem mer-catorum, qua uti poffint, ft necelic fuerit, fine periculo corporis hominis, & mulieris. Et poft-modnm queratur de affifa & vendicione vini, poft recefluin Jufticiariorum itinerancium, vel eorum I fociorui/i) qui fuerunt ultimo in officio mercati in vilia; videlicet, de nominibus vinetariorum, pro quanto vendiderunt fextarium vini. Item ft aliquod vinum fit in villa corruptum, & corpori hominis non fanum. De affifa cervifie in Curia ville, qualis fit, & fi obfervetur; fin autern que braciatrices vendiderunt contra affifam ; & nomina earum diftindle & apperte prefentent, & pro quo-libet delifto amerciari debent, vel pati judicium [pillorie ve!\ trumbelli, fi contra affifam vendiderunt.

Item fi qui fint in villa, qui per unam menfu-ram emunt, & per aliam vendunt. Item fi quis utatur falfis ulnis, vel .falfis ponderibus, aut men-furis. Item fi quis carnifex vendiderit carnes fufteinatas, vel morte morina. [Vel ft quis emat carries de yudeis, & eas vendit Ghrijlianis.~\ Item de Cocis, fi qui decoquant carnes vel pifees in pane, vel in aqua, vel [aliquot alio modo, non fanas corpori hominis, vel poftquam talia tenue-rint, ita quod debitapn naturam amiferint, ' & ea recalefaciant & vendant. Item de forftallariis, qui ante horam debitarn, & in villa ftatutam, aliquid emunt contra ftatutum ville & mcrcati, vel qui exeant villain rebus venrlibus obviantes, & extra villam emant, ut in villa eas carius vendant ad re-gratatores, quam facerent hii qui eas afportabant, li ad villam vel in mercatum venifient. Quando quarterium ordei venditur pro duobus folidis, tunc quatuor lagene cervifie vendantur ad denarium ; Quando'pro duobus folidis fex denariis, tunc fep-tem lagene pro duobus denariis ; Quando pro tribus folidis, tunc ties lagene ad denarium ; Quando pro tribus folidis & fex denariis, tunc quinque ia-gene ad duos denarios; Quando pro quatuor fo-ridis, tunc due lagene ad denarium ; & fie dein-ceps crefcetur vel diminuetur per fex denarios,.

4	the third; and how a Quarter of Barley and Oats;

4 (9) after, how the Bakers Bread in the Court doth ‘ agree, that is to wit, Waftel and other Bread after ‘ Wheat of the beft, or of the fecond, or of the third 4 Price. (10) Alfo upon how much Increafe or De-4 creafe in the Price f of Wheat a Baker ought to t AdJ °f &

‘ change the Affile and Weight of his Bread. (11) Al- ^uaner’

£ fo how much the Waftel of a Farthing ought to £ weigh, and all other manner of Bread, after the j For and for ‘ Price of a Quarter of Wheat that they prefent: Default in the 4 (12) J And for default in the Weight of the Bread, a Might of the ‘	Baker ought to be amerced, or to be judged unto the	P"f

‘	Pillory, according to the Law and Cuftom of the-f^X

£	Court, (if) Alio if any oteward or Bauift, toe any	„ Leaf of a	Far-

‘	Bribe, doth releafe Punifhment of the Pillory and	thing,	fefc.

£ Tumbrel, being already judged, or to be judged of R^le.ifing of

c right	Punifliment

£ II. Alfo if they have in the Town a Pillory of con- a Pillory,

‘ venient Strength, as appertaineth to the Liberty of ‘ their Market, which they may ufe (if heed be) with-£ out bodily Peril either of Man or Woman. (2) Af-The Affife and £ ter, they lhall inquire of the Affife and Price of Wine, Pl‘ce ot w,ne»

£ after the Departure of the Juftices in Eyre, or ofLLS-,1- f .

‘ them that were laft in Office of the Market of the ^Uamijlaim 1 Town; that is to fay, of the Vintners Names, and Reference.

£ how they, fell a Gallon of Wine; and if any cor-‘ rupted Wine be in the Town, or fuch as is not £ wholefome for Man’s Body. (3) Alfo of the Affife Tke Affife at \

‘ of Ale in the Court of the Town how it is, and whe- Ale-£ ther it be obferved; and if not, how much Brewers ‘ have fold contrary to the Affife ; (4) and they fhall

prefent their Names diftinftly and openly,, and that ‘ they be amerced for every Default, or be judged to ‘ the Tumbrel, if they fell contrary to the Affife.

‘ III. Alfo if there be any that fell by one Meafure, Falfe Weigntr ■ £ and buy by another. Alfo if any do ufe falfe Ells, orMcafures. ■

£ Weights, or Meafures. (2) And if any Butcher do Butchers.

‘ fell contagious Flefh, or that died of the Murren.

£ (3) Alfo they fhall inquire of Cooks that feethe Flefh Cooks. .

£ or Fifh with Bread or Water, ;or any otherwife, that £ is not whoifome for Man’s Body,- or after that they ,

‘ have kept it fo long that it lofeth its natural Whol- ■

£ fomenefs, and then feethe it again, and fell if; (4) i £ or if any do buy Flefh of Jews, and then fell it to »

£ Chriftians. (5) And alfo Foreftallers,- that 'buy any Foreftallei-s.*

£ thing afore the due and accuftomed Hour; againftthe £ good State arid Weal of the Town and Market, or .

£ that pafs out of the Town to meet fuch things as 4 come to the Market,. being out of the Town; to	tpy

1 the intent that they may fell the fame in the Town	^	‘	‘

‘ more dear unto Regrators,	that utter it more dear » jvJ in the

£ than they would that brought it, in cafe they had Original. c come to the Town or Market. . (6) When a Quar- ,, n ,,

£ ter of Barley is fold for two Shillings, then four according to the 4 Quarts of Ale fhall be fold for a Peny ; when for two Price of Barley. 4 Shillings-fix Pence; then feven Quarts of Ale fhall be 4 fold for two Pence ; when for three Shillings, then 4 three Quarts for one Peny; when for three Shillings 4 fix Pence, then five Quarts for two Pence ;- when it 4 is fold for four Shillings, then two Quarts at one 4 Peny. And fo from henceforth the Prices fhall in.-.-4 creafe and decreafe after the rate of fix Pence.’



STATUTUM

STATUTUM de MARLEBERGE.

Statutes made at Marlborough, alias Marleberge, 18 Novetnb. Anno

52 Hen. III. and Anno Dom. 12

67.

f- Tor fnuft be tsbfcrnjcd^ read nicy be frejcrved*

Y N the Year of Grace, One thoufand two hun-“ I dred fixty feven, the two and fiftieth Year of “ _ the Reign of Kin? Henry, Son of King John, “ ill the TJias of St. Martin, the {’aid King our Lord “ providing for the better Eftate of his Realm of Eng-“ land, and for the more fpeedy Miniftration of Juftice, “ as belongeth to the Office of a King, the more dif-t£ erect Men of the Realm being called together, as “ well of the higher as of the lower Eftate :■ It was “ provided, agreed, and ordained, that whereas the “ Realm of England of late had been difquieted with “ manifold Troubles and DifTenfions; for Reforma-cc tion whereof Statutes and Laws be right neeeflary, “ whereby the Peace and Tranquillity of the People “ f tmtjl bi'obferved: Wherein the King, intending to deviie convenient Remedy, hath made thefe Adds, Ordinances, and Statutes underwritten, which he willeth to be obferved for ever firmly and inviolably of all his Subjects, as well high as low.”

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

ANNO gratie Millefimo Ducentefimo Sexa-gefimo feptimo, regni autem domini H. Regis, filii Regis Johannis quinquagefi-mo fecundo. In Odtabis fandti Martini, provi-dente ipfo domino Rege ad regni fui Anglie meli-oracionem, & exhibicionem jufticie, prout rega-lis officii expofeit utilitas, pleniorem, convocatis difcretioribus ejufdem regni, tarn majoribus quam minoribus, provifum eft, & ftatutum, ac concor-dit’ [concoraatum] & ordinatum, ut cum regnum Anglie multis tribulationibus, & diffenfionuiir in-commodis, nuper depreflum, in refcrmacione le-gum & jurium, quibus pax & tranquilitas inco-larum confervari indigeat, ad quod remedium fa-lubre per ipfum Regem & fuos hdeles oportuit ad-hiberi, provifiones, ordinationes, & ftatuta fub-feripta ab omnibus regni ipfius incolis, tarn Majoribus quam minoribus, firmiter ac inviolabiliter temporibus perpetuis ftatuit obfervari.

CAP. 1.

'Mert. cap, la Co. 13

W

The Penalty of taking a Diftrefs wrongfully.

Hereas at the time of a Commotion late ftirred up within this Realm, and alfo ftthence, many “■ great Men, and divers other, refilling to be juftified “ by the King and his Court, like as they ought and “ were wont in time of the King’s noble Progenitors, <£ and alfo in his time; but took great Revenges and C£ Diftrefles of their Neighbours, and of other, until ££ they had Amends and Fines at their own Pleafure ; “ (z) and further, fome of them would not be juftified “ by the King’s Officers, nor would fuffer them to ££ make Delivery of fuch Diftrefles as they had taken ThePumfl-.ment “ of their own Authority £ (3) It is provided, agreed, for an unlawful ‘ and granted, that all Perfons, as well of high as Difbefs,	'	' *	*	~	^	~	*	*	T	'

11 H. 4. 2,

17 Ed 3. 9.

2 Inft. 162.

*■ For it'hereby, read •whereof.

of low Eftate, Ihall receive Juftice in the King’s Court; and none from henceforth Ihall take any fuch Revenge or Diftrefs of his own Authority, without Award of our Court, though he have Damage or Injury, * whereby he would have Amends of his Neighbour either higher or lower. (4.) And upon the forefaid Article it is provided and granted, that if any from henceforth take fuch Revenges of his own Authority, without Award of the King’s Court (as before is Paicl) and be convidt thereof, he fliall be pu-nifhed byline, and that according to the Trefpafs. (5) And likewife if one Neighbour take a Diftrefs of another without Award of the King’s Court, whereby he hath Damage, he Ihall be punilhed in the fame wife, and that after the Quantity of the Trefpafs. _	(6) And nevertbelefs fufficicnt and full Amends fliall

s 1 p. is M. < (,e macje to t[,em that have fuftained Lofs by fuch

* >2. See far- < Diftre(rcSi,

See C. 1, 3 S’ 4 Alfa 3 Ed. 1. e. 16, 23 H 37 9 Ed. 2

tier 2 IE. & M.

S'jJ:

Go

r. 1. <. 5. •wlieb give: double Damages for wrongful Dijircfs ; and S Ann. e. 14* . z. c. 19. containing farther Dircthoni and Amendments with regard to Dijlrrjfcs.

and 11

f>UM autem tempore turbationis nuper in j regno [nqjlra] fuborte, & deinceps, multi Magnates & alii jufticiain non' dignati [dedjgnati] fuerint recipere per dominum Regem « Curiam fuam, prout debuerunt & confueverunt temporibus predeceflorum ipfius domini Regis, eciam tempore fuo ; fed de vicinis fuis & aliis per feipfos graves ultiones fecerunt, & diftridtiones, quouf-que redempeiones receperint ad voluntatem fuam. Et preterea ciuidam eorum fe per Miniftros domini Regis jufticiari non permittunt, nec fufti-neant quod per ipfos liberentur diftridtiones, quas audtoritate propria fecerint ad voluntatem fuam: Provifum eft, & a concorditer conceflum, quod tarn majores, quam minores, jufticiam habeant & recipiant in Curia domini Regis; Et nullus de cetero ultiones aut diftridtiones faciat per [propri-am] voluntatem fuam, abfque confideracione Curie domini Regis, [rf] fi forte dampnum vel injuria fibi fiat, unde emendas habere voluerit de vicino fuo, five majore vel minore. Super autem articulo fupradidto provifum eft & conceflum, ut fi quis de cetero ultioncm hujufmodi capiat per voluntatem fuam propriam abfque confideracione Curie domini Regis, ut predidtum eft, & inde convincatur, puniatur per redempeionem, & hoc fecundum quantitatem delicti. Et fimiliter fi fu-per vicinum fuum faciat diftviccionem fine confideracione Curie domini Regis, per quod dampnum habeat, puniantur eodem modo, & hoc fecundum quantitatem delidti. Et nichilominus fiant emende plene & fufficienter [fufficientes] eif-dem qui dampnum fuftinuerunt per hujufmodi diftriccioucs.

* Concordatum ordinatum k in vusrg%

CAP.

CAP. II.

None but Suitors (hall be diftrained to come to a Court.

Cotton MS.

NUlIus infuper major vel rrjinor diftringat ali-quem ad venicndum ad Curiam fuam, qui non fit de feodo fuo, aut fuper ipfum non habeat jurifdiccionem per Hundredum vel \_pcr\ Ballivam fuam ; nec diftricciones faciat extra feodum fuum, feu locum, ubi ballivam habeat, vel jurifdiccionem ; St qui contra hoc ftatutum venerit, punia-tur eodem modo, & hoc fecundum delidli quanii-tatem.

Oreover, none (of what Eftate foever he be) fhall diftrain any to come to his Court, which is not of his Fee, or upon whom he hath no Jurif-didlion, by reafon of Hundred, or Bailiwick; (z) . F .	,

nor fhall take Diftreffes out of the Fee or Place f vjbere Ja,h no Bmh-he' hath no Bailiwick or Jurifdidlion : (3) And he wick, hSc. read that ofFendeth againft this Statute, fhal! be punifhed where he barb in like manner, and that according to the Quantity and Quality of the Trefpafs.’

Enforced by 3 Ed. 1. c. 16. And fee the References to the forcgcingChaptefb-

CAP. III.

A Lord (hall not pay a Fine for diftraining his Tenant.

SI quis autem major vel minor permittere nolu-erit liberari per mmiftros domini Regis, & fecundum legem Sc confuetudinem regni, diftricciones quas fecerit; aut etiam fuftinere noluerit fummoniciones St attachiamenta, feu executiones judiciorum Curie domini Regis fieri, puniatur modo prediSto, tanquam fe jufticiari non permit-tens. Quod fi quis major vel minor diftricciones faciat fuper tenentem fuum pro ferviti'S Sc confue-tudinibus, que fibi deberi dicat, vel pro re altera, unde ad dominum feodi pertineat facere diftricciones, Sc poftea convincatur, quod tenens ejus ea fibi non debeat; non ideo puniatur dominus per redemptionem, ut in fupradi&is cafibus, ft per-mittat diftricciones liberari fecundum legem Sc confuetudinem regni; fed amercietur velut hadlenus confuetum eft. Si tenens dampna fua recuperet verfus eum.

C A

F any, of what Eftate foever he be, will not fufFer The Punifhment' fuch Diftreffes as he hath taken,, to be delivered unlawful 4 by the King’s Officers, after the J.av/and Cuftom of	,

4 the Realm, (z) or will not fufFer Summons, Attach- “7. 'which 4 ments, or Executions of Judgments given in the provides a Rare-4 King’s Court, to be done according to the Law and ety if the Oiflrefs 4 Cuftom of the Realm, as'is aforefaid, he fhall be mpeudtd me-4 punilhed in manner aforefaid, as one that will not \

4 obey the Law, f and that according to the Quantity of ,wt in 4 the Offence. (3) And if any, of what Eftate foever the Original,

4 he be, diftrain his Tenant for Services and Cuftoms * For being due 4 * being due unto him, or for any other Thing, for umokim, read 4 the which-the Lord of the Fee hath Caufe to diftrain, which he dkiga 4 and after it is found that the fame Services are not tebe due untohm.. 4 due, the Lord fhall not therefore be punifhed by Fine, °

4‘ as in the Cafes aforefaid, if he do fufFer the Diftreffes nam fl,an not 4 to be delivered according to the Law and Cuftom of pay a Fine.

4 the Realm ; but fhall be amerced as hitherto hath Bl°- Trefpafs,

4 been ufed, and the Tenant fhall recover his Damages lS’3S4-4 againft him.’	i',o59'

See the References

p, IV.	to Chap, 3*

A Diftrefs (hall not be driven out of the County.. And it (hall be reafonable;

NUllus de cetero faciat ducere diftricciones, quas fecerat, extra Comitatum in quo fue-rit; Et ft vicinus hoc fecerit fuper vicinum fuum, Sr per voluntatem fuam, Sc fine judicio, puniatur per redemptionem, ut fupra, veluti de re contra pacem. Verumptamen fi dominus hoc fuper tenentem fuum fecerit caftigetur per gravem miferi-cordiam. Diftricciones infuper Tint rationabilcs. Sc non nimis graves. Et qui diftricciones fecerint irrationabiles. Sc indebhas, graviter amercientur propter exceffum diftriccionum ipfarum.

NJ One from henceforth fhall caufe any Diftrefs d that he hath taken, to be driven out of the County, where it was taken ; (z) and if one Neighbour do fo to another of his own Authority, and without Judgment, he fliall make Fine (as above is faid) as for a Thing done againft the Peace : (3) Ne verthelefs, if the Lord prefume fo to . do againft his Tenant, he fhall be grievoufly punifhed by Amerciament. (4) Moreover, Diftreffes fhall be reafonable, and not too great. T) And he that taketh great and unreafonable Diftreffes, fhall be grievoufly amerced for the Excefs of fuch Diftreffes.’

reafonable. Enforced by aS Ed, I, flat. 3. c. 12. i.Infl, 106. See the Reference,

CAP. V.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft.

Fltz; Bar. izo>

-2 7 5*

29 Ed. 3. c. 23..

'Thisferns to be a n:\faken Re• frence, there be- ■ ir.g no St at. in 29th of Ed. 3. Kel. 5a.

Enforced by 3 Hd. i c 16, Enforced and amended by I Sc %. P. & Al. c. 12. Diftreffes fhah be to Chap. I.

T\/TAgna Carta in fingulis fuis articulis teneatur, „|V1 tarn in hiis que ad Regem pertinent, quam ad alios; Sc hoc coram Jufticiariis itinerantibus, in fuis itineribus Sc vicecomitibus in Comitat’ fuis, cum opus fuerit, demandetur, Sc brevia verfus eos, qui contrayenerint, gratis concedantur coram Re-

THE Great Charter fhall be obferved in all his >5 E- 4-Articles, as well in fuch as pertain to the King, as to other; and that fliall be enquired afore the Juf-tices in Eyre in their Circuits, and afore the Sheriffs in their Counties, when need fhall be. (z) And Writs (hall be freely granted againft them that do

‘ offer*!.

s Inft. ic8.

c offend, before the King, or the Juftices of the Bench,

‘ or before Juftices in Eyre, when they come into ‘ thofe Parts. (3) Likewife the Charter of the Foreft ‘ fhall be obferved in all his Articles, and the Often -‘ ders, when they be convitft, fhall be grievoufly pu-‘ nifhed by our Sovereign Lord the King in Form * aboye mentioned.’

CAP. VI.

A fraudulent Conveyance to defeat a Lord of his Wardfhip, fliall be void.

Cotton MS.

ge, vel coram Jufticiariis de Banco, ve] coram Ju-fticiariis itinerantibus, cum in partes illas venerint.

Feoffments to c defraud Lords cfc their Wardfh'ps. c Enforced by 34 & c 3; H. S. c. 5. t which provides a Remedy to avoid c fuch fraudulent c Conveyances.	<

2	Roll g1.1 Roll c

IQ 6, 134. God-bolt 78- pi. 92. c Fitz. Card. 79, c 302, 155. 6 Co. 1 76. Dver 9.	<

*7 H. 8. 7.	<

Fitz. Card. 33. Fitz. Collufioo, *

3	2, 14, 29, 30, c 47. 2 Inft. 109. c

t

11 Co. 77. c Fitz. Card. 119. c Fitz. Brief; 779. c 39 H. 6, f. 50.

Ejeftione cuftodia?, Co. Ent. * 20-3.	i

A Lord impleading a Feoffee wrongfully.

Rcglft. iffr.

Confirmed and amended by 4 H, 7. c. 17. and rendered obf. by 12 Can 2. c. 24,

Enforced by * 13 Ed. I. ftat. 7. c c. 35. whub < gives Remedy for Q Ravtfhmcnt of Ward.	‘

* For if the De- * fore tor be not < found before,	*

read where the c Deforceor heretofore reftded.

AS touching them that ufe to infeoff their eldeft Sons and Heirs, being within Age, of their Heritage, for to defraud the Lords of the Fee of their Ward (hips, it is provided, accorded, and. agreed, that by occafton of any fucb Feoffment no chief Lord fhall leefe his Ward, (z) Moreover, touching them that fain falfe Feoffments of their Lands, which they will leafe for Term of Years, for to defraud the chief Lords of their Wards, wherein it is contained, that they are fatisfied of the whole Service due unto them until a certain Term ; fo thatfuch Feoffees are bound at the faid Term to pay a certain Sum to the Value of the fame Lands, or far above; fo that after fuch Term the Land fhall return unto them, or to their Heirs, becaufenoMan will be contenttohold it upon the Price; it is provided and agreed, that by fuch Fraud no chief Lord fhall leefe his Ward. (3) Ne-verthelefs, it fhall not be lawful to them to diffeife fuch Feoffees without Judgment, but they fhall have a Writ for to have fuch a Ward reftored unto them ; and by the Witneffes contained in the Deed of Feoffment, with other free and lawful Men of the Country, and by the Value of the Land, and by the Quantity of the Sum payable after the Term, it fhall be tryed whether fuch Feoffments were made bona fide, or by Collufion, to defraud the chief Lords of the Fee of their Wards. And if the chief Lords in fuch Cafes recover their Wards by Judgment, the Feoffees fhall neverthelefs have their Action to recover fuch Term or Fee, which they had therein, when the Heirs come to their lawful Age.

‘ IL And if any chief Lords do malicioufly implead fuch Feoffees, fai-ning this Cafe, namely, where the Feoffments were made lawful, and in good faith, then the Feoffees fhall have their Damages awarded, and their Cofts which they have fuftained by occafion of the forefaid Plea, and the Plaintiffs fhall be gric-voufly puniihed by Amerciament.’

E hiis autem, qui primogenitos [filios fuos,J & heredes fuos infra eta cm exiftentes, feof-• fare folent de hereditate fua, ut per hoc amitte-rent'domini feodorum cuftodias fuas ; provifum eft, & concorditer conceffum, quod occafione hujuf-modi falft feoffamenti nullus Capitalis dominus a-mittat cuftodiam fuam. De hiis infuper, qui de terris fuis, quas tradare voluerint ad terminum an-norum, ut domini feodorum amittant cuftodias fuas, falfa confingunt feoffamenta, continentia quod eis fatisfaclum eft de fumma fervicii in ill is contend ufque ad terminum aliquem; ita quod poft terminum folvere tencantur hujufmodi feoffati fummam aliquam, valorem terrarum illarum in multo excedentem, ut fic poft terminum ilium terra eorum revertatur ad ipfos, eo quod nemo eas pro tanto tenure curaret: provifum eft, & concorditer conceffum, ut per hujufmodi fraudem nullus Capitalis dominus amittat cuftodiam fuam. Ve-rumptamen non licebit eis hujufmodi feoffatos fine judicio diffeifire ; fet breve habeant de hujufmodi cuftodia fibi reddenda, & per teftes in cartis in hujufmodi feoffamentis contentos una cum aliis libe-ris & legalibus de patria, & per quantitatem & valorem tenement’, & perqii3ntitatem fumme queinde reddi debet poft terminum predichim, attingatur -utrum hujufmodi feoffamenta bona fide fafta lint,. :aut in fraudem ad auferenduin Capitalibus dominis feodi cuftodiam fuam. Si vero Capitales domini per judicium Curie recuperent in hujufmodi cafi-bus cuftodiam fuam, falva fit nichilominus hujufmodi feoffatis aftio fua, quam ad terminum, feu ad feodum recuperandum indc habuerint, cum heredes ad legitimam etatem pervenerint.

Quod li aliqui Capitales domini feoffatos aliquos malitiofe implacitaverint, fingentes cafum iftum, maxime ubi feoffamenta legitime h bona fide fafta fuerint, tunc adjudicentur feoffatis dampna fua, &: mife Cue quas fecerint occafione placiti predifti, & ipfl a (Stores per inifericordiam puniantur.

CAP. VII.

I’rocefs in a Communi Cuftodia. Ward by reafon of Ward.

IN a Plea of Communi Cuftodia, if the Deforceors come not at the great Diftrcfs, then the faid Writ fhall be renewed twice or thrice, at fuch Terms as it may be done within the half Year following, fo that.every time the Writ fhall be rea-d in the open County' (* if the Deforceor be not found before) and there openly be proclaimed, that he may come at the Day limited: fo that if he be abfent himfelf then, and come not to anfwer within the faid half Year, nor .the Sheriff cannot get his Body, to have it be-

N placito communi de cuftodiis, fi ad magham diftriccionem non venerint deforciatores, tunc bis vel ter itcretur breve predidlum ad terminos quibus fieri poterit, infra medietatem anni fcquen-tis, Ita quod fingulis vicibus legatur breve in pleno Comitatu, ubi prjus inventus fuerit deforciator: & ibi publice denuncietur, ut veniat ad diem fibi prefixum : quod fi fe fubtraxerit, ita tamen quod infra medietatem anni refponfurus non venerit, ncc vicccomes eum invenirc poflit, per quod corpus

fuum

33

Cotton MS. fuum habere poffit coram Jufticiariis, ad refpon-dendum fecundum legem & confuetudinem regni, tunc, tanquam rebcllis, & fejufticiari non permit-tens, amittat feifinam hujufmodi cuftodie, Salva fibi alias adione fua, fi forie jus habeat ad [/«J eandem.

In cafibus autem, ubi'cuftodie pertinent ad cuf-todias heredum infra etatem exiilentium, & ubi cuftodes petunt cuftodias que accidunt heredibus, vel tanquam pertinentes ad eorum hereditatem, non amittant hujufmodi heredes infra etatem exiftentes per necligenciam vel rebellionem fuoruin cuftodum, ficut in cafu predido; fed currat lex communis eodem rnodo quo prius confuevit.

c fore our Juftices to anfwer according to the Law and £ Cuftom of the Realm, then as a Rebel, and fnch a £ one as will not be juftified, he fit ill leefe the Seifin of-‘ his Ward; faving to him bis Adion at another time,

‘ if he have any Right to the fame.

‘ II. But in fuch Cafes, where the Wardlhips belong ‘ to the Guardians of Wards being within Age, and * where the Guardians demand a Wardship which be.-‘ longeth to the Heir, or as appertaining to their lnhc-‘ ritancc, fuch Heirs within Age {hall not lcele their £ Inheritance by the Negligence or Rebellion of their £ Guardians, as in the Cafe afore rehearfed; but let•

‘ the Common Law run in like manner as it hath been 0&f, byn car. £ accuftomed to do.’	c.	24.

CAP. VIII.

The Punifiiment of thofe which commit Redifleifin.

ILli vero qui pro iterata difleiftna capti fuerint & detenti, non deliberentur fine fpeciali precepto domini Regis, & hoc per finem cum domino Rege faciendum pro hujufmodi tranfgreflione fua; & fi compertum fuerit, quod Vicecomes aliter eos deli-beraverit, graviter propter hoc amercietur; & ni-chilominus illi, qui per Vicecomitem fine precepto domini Regis lie liberentur, pro fua tranfgrefli-one puniantur.

£ '"T~ Hey which be taken and imprifoned for Rcdif- H g f £	£	fcifuii	fhail	not	be	delivered	without fpecial ’ inft.’i,’/’,

£ Commandment of our Lord the King, and Ihell make Raft. 10 £ Fine with our Lord the King for their Tiefpafs, V. N. B. ios.

£ And if it be found, that the Sheriff delivered! anyF^N> B- ,3S»

£ contrary to this Ordinance, he {hall be grievouily lt9-£ amerced therefore; and nevertheless, they which arc ioH. 3. c. 3.

£' fo delivered by the Sheriff without the King’s Com- :Q->-£ mandment, {hall be grievouily punifhed for their ErBricf c"dLx:

• th**.’	x

‘ivbUb gives

CAP. IX.

double Damages.

Who {hall do Suit of Court. Suit of Court by Coparceners.

Contra formam feoffamenii.

DE fedlis quidem faciendis ad Curiam Magna-tum, & .aliorum dominorum ipfarum Curia-rum, de cetero fic obfervandum eft, quod nullus, qui per cartam feoffatus eft, diftringatur de cetero ad fe&am faciendam ad Curiam domini fui, nifi per formam carte fue fpecialiter teneatur ad fedlam illam faciendam; hiis autem exceptis, quorum anteceifores, vcl ipfimet, hujufmodi fedtam facere confucverunt ante primam transfretationem predict domini Regis in Britanniam, a tempore cu-jus transfretationis elapft funt triginta & novem anni & medietas unius anni,-a tempore quo hujufmodi conftituciones fuerint conftitute. [£7] fimiliter nullus feoffatus de cetero fine carta a tempore conqueftus, vel aliquo alio antiquo feoffa-mento, diftringatur ad hujufmodi fedtam faciendam, nifi ipfemet vel anteceffores fui earn facere confueverunt ante primam transfretationem pre-didhm. Qui autem per cartam pro certo fervicio, vcluti pro libero fcryicio tot folidorum annuatim pro omni fervicio folvendorum, feoffati funt, ad iedtam, vel ad aliud, ultra formam fui feoffamenti, non teneantur.. Et fi hereditas aliqua, de qua tantum unica fedta debeatur, ad plures heredes, participes ejufdem hereditatis, devolvatur ; ille qui habet eineciam [exnecican] hereditatis illius, unicam faciat fedfam pro fe h participibus fuis, & alii participes fui pro portione fua contribuant ad fec-tam illam faciendam. Si plures feoffati fuerint dc hereditate aliqua, dc qua unicafedfa debeatur, do-minus illiws fcodi unicam fedtam inde habeat, nec Vox. I.

‘IVOR doing Suits unto Courts of great Lords, or £ I"’ of meaner Perfons, from henceforth this Order 1 Inft- >'S-£ fhail be obferved, That none that is infeoffed by £ Deed, from henceforth fhail be diftrained to do fuch £ Suit to the Court of his Lord, without he be fpe-£ cially bound thereto by the Form of his Deed : (2)	.

£ Thefe only except, whofe Anceftors, or they them- <- ■‘j ®

£ fclves, have ufed to do fuch Suit before the firft Voy-£ age of the Laid King Henry into Britain, fithence £ which nine and thirty Years and an half are paifed,

‘ unto the time that thefe Statutes were enacted. (.3)

‘ Likcwife from henceforth none that is infeoffed with-‘ out Deed, from the time of the Conqueft, or any ‘ other ancient Feoffment, fhail be diftrained to do £ fuch Suits, unlcfs that he or his Anceftors ufed to ‘ do it before the faid Voyage. . (4) And they that are-‘ infeoffed by Deed to do a certain Service, as, for •

‘ Service of fo many Shillings by Year, to be acquit-‘ ted of all Service, from henceforth fhail not be £ bounden to fuch Suits, or other like, contrary unto £ the Form of their Feoffment. (5) And if any Inhe- g Co. 1.

£ ritance, whereof but one Suit is due, defeend unto S-iit of Court by c many Heirs, as unto Parceners, whofo hath the cl- Coparceners.

£ deft Part of the Inheritance, fhail do that on" Suit £ for himfelf and his Fellows, and the other Coheirs £ fhail be Contributaries, according to their Portion,

‘ for doing fuch Suit. ((>) And if many Feoffees be stat. Hibernia?,

£ feifed of an Inheritance, whereof but one Suit is due, .14.H. 3. par. 7.

‘ the Lord of the Fee fhail have but that one Suit; Partition I-.

1 and fhail not exadf of the faid Inheritance, but'that £ one Suit, as Rath been ufed to be done before.

F	£	(7)	And

34- C. io.

Ar>no quinquagefimo fecundo Henrici III. A. D, 1267^

A Lord diflrain- 4 (7) And if thofe Feoffees have- no Warrant or Mean mg Ins Tenam ‘ which ought to acquit them, then all the Feoffees,, or uitnot ue. t according to their Portion, fhall be Contributaries Fitz. Avowry, 4 for doing the Suit for them. (8) And if it chance »5,42. 4.S, 51, ‘ that the Lords of the-Fee do diftrain their Tenants ®Sl ‘ for fuch Suits, contrary to this Adt, then, at the ‘ Complaint of the Tenants, the Lords- fhall be at-‘ tached to appear in the King’s Court at a fhort Day, 4' to make- Anfwer thereto, and fhall have but one Ef-‘‘ foin therein, if they be within the Realm; and im-‘ mediately the Beafls, or other DiftrefTes- taken hy ‘ this Occafion, fit all be delivered to the Plaintiff, and ‘ i’o fhall remain, until the Plea betwixt them be de-4 terminal. (g) And if the Lords of the Courts which 1 took DiftrefTes, come not at the Day that they were e attached, or do not keep the Day given to them by ‘ Effoin, then the Sheriff fhall be commanded to caufe ‘ them to come at another Day; at which Day, if ‘ they come not, then he fhall be commanded to dif-• train them by all their Goods and Chatties that they ‘ have in the Shire, fo that the Sheriff fhall anfwer to 4 the King of the Ifl’ues of the faid Inheritance; and ‘ that he have theft Bodies before our Juftices at a cer-‘ tain Day limited. So that if they come not at that ‘ Day, the Party Plaintiff fhall go without Day, and c his Beafts, or other DiftrefTes taken by that Colour, ‘ fhall remain delivered, until the fame Lords have re-

*	covered the fame Suit by Award of the King’s Court;

‘ and in the mean time nich DiftrefTes fhall ceafe, fa-c ving to the Lords of the Court their Right to recover ‘	thofe Suits in Form	of Law, when they will fue

‘	therefore. (10) And	when the Lords of the Courts

4 come in to anfwer the Plaintiffs of fuch Trefpaffes, ‘ and be convidi thereupon then, by Award of the ‘ King’s- Court, the Plaintiffs fhall recover againft: ‘ them the Damages that they have fuftained by occa-‘ fton of the faid Diftrefs.

Tenants with- ' “ II. Likewife if the Tenants, after this Adi, withholding from	4 draw from their Lord fuch Suits as they were wont

lte’rjL0rc3-	C t0 do, and which they did before the time of the faid

Fitz! Avow'y,"	'	Voyage, and hitherto ufed to do; then by like

26, 92.	’	‘	Speedinefs. of Juftice,	as be to limiting of Days, and

‘ awarding of Diftrefl’es, the Lords of the Court fhall. ‘ obtain Juftice to recover their Suits, with their Da-‘ mages, in like manner as the Tenants fhould re-‘ cover theirs: (2) And this recovering of Damages ‘ muft be underftood of withdrawing from themfelves,

*	and not of withdrawing from their Anceftors. (3) ‘ Neverthelefs, the Lords of the Court fhall not re-

*	cover Seifin of fuch Suits againft their Tenants by ‘ Default, as they were wont to do. (4) And touch-4 ing Suits withdrawn before the time aforementioned, 4 let the Common Law run as it -was wont before ' time.’

Cotton MS. poflit de hereditate ilia nifi unicanr fectam exigere*-ficut prius fieri confuevit. Et fi-feoffati illiWar-rantum vel medium non habeant, qui eos acquie-tare debeat, omnes feoffati contribuant pro por-cione fua- ad fedtarn illam faciendam. Si a u tern contingat, quod domini Cur.’ tenentes fuos contra' hane conliitucionem pro- hujuftnodi fedta- diftrin-gant, tunc ad querimoniam tenentium ill.orum attachientur, quod ad Curiam domini Regis veni-ant ad brevem diem, inde refponfuri, & unicum. habeant effonium, fi fuerint in regno ; & incontinent! d deliberentur conqucrenti averia fua, five alie diftricciones hac occafione facie,. & deliberate remaneant,. don.ee placitum inde inter eos termi-netur. Et fi .domini Curiarum,- qui hujuftnodi.: diftricciones fecerint, ad diem, ad quem attachi-ati fuerint, non venerint, vel diem per effonium^ fuum fibi datum non obfervaverint, tunc mande-tur Vicecomiti, quod eos ad alium diem venire faciat, ad quem diem fi non venerint, mandetur Vicecomiti, quod diftringantur per omnia-rque habent in balliva fua, ita quod Vicecomes refpon-deat domino Regi de exitibus, & quod habeat corpora eorum ad certum diem prefigendum : ita quod fi ad ilium diem non venerint,. eat pars con-querens inde fine die, & averia fua five.diftricciones alie deliberate remaneant, donee fedlam illam domini recuperaverint per- confideracionenr Curie domini ■ Regis; & ceflent interim diftricciones hujuftnodi, falvo dominis Curiarum jure fuo de fectis illis perquirendis in forma juris, cum inde loqui voluerint: & cum domini Curiarum venerint refponfuri conquerentibus. de hujufmodi tranfgreflionibus, fi fuper hoc. conviricantur, tunc per confiderationem Curie domini Regis recupe-rent verfus [eos] conquerentes dampna fua, que fuftinuerunt occafione diftriccionis predidte.

Simili modo .fi tenentes poft hanc conftitucio-nem fubtrahant dominis feodi fedias, quas facere debeant, & quas ante tempus predidie transfreta-cionis & hadlenus facere confueverunt, tunc per eandem juftitiam & celeritatem, quoad dies pre-figendos, & diftricciones admittertdas, confequan-tur domini Ciir’ jufticiam de fediis illis, una currr dampnis fuis, quemadmodum tenentes dampna fua recuperant; & hoc fcilicet de dampnis. recu-perandis intelligatur de fubtraccionibus fibi fadlis, & non de fubtraccionibus fadiis predecelforibus fuis. Verumptamen domini Curiarum feifinam de hujufmodi fediis recuperare non poterunt per de-faltam, ficut hadlenus fieri-, confuevit. De fediis autem, que ante tempus fupradidium fubtradie fuerunt, currat lex communis ficut prius confuevit.'

CAP. X.

Certain Perfons exempt from Appearance at Sheriffs Turns.

‘ TVOR the Turns of Sheriffs, it is provided, That. : sC Archbifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors, Earls,. ‘ Baroris, nor any Religious Men or Women, fhall 1 not need to come thither, except their Appearance 1 be e/pecially required thereat for fome other Caufe;. "* (2) but the Turn fhall be kept as it hath been ufed • in the times of the King’s noble Progenitors. (3)

DE turnis Vicecomitum provifum eft, ut ne--ceffe non habeant ibi venire Archiepifcopi, Epifcopi, Abbates, Priores, Comites, Barones, nec aliqui viri religiofi, nec mulieres, nifi eorum prefentia ob aliquam caufam fpecialiter exigatur ; fet teneatur turnus ficut temporibus prcdeceftorum domini Regis teneri confuevit.' Et fi qui in Hun-

* Incor.tincnter in mart?.

tlredis

A.D. 1267. AnnoquinquagelimofecundoHen rici III. C. 11—13.	35

Cotton MS.

dredis diverfis habeant tenements [fua], non ha-beant needle venire ad hujufmodi turnos, nifi in ballivis ubi fuerint converfantes, & teneautur turni fecundum formitm magne carte Regis, & ficut temporibus Regis Rich akdi & JohanNIS teneri conlueverunt.

< And * they that have Hundreds of their own to he kept, ** For they that

*	Ihall not be bound to appear at any fuch Turns, but hre* Hundreds ef ‘ in the Bailiwicks where they be dwelling. (4) And kc‘^ "adlrd f

*	the Turns (hall be kept after the Form of the Great any’haw rf«,

*	Charter, and as they were ufed in the times of King *® in afferent

‘ Richard and King John.’	Hundreds, they

a J	./ball not, £1c.

Regift.174.175.

C A P. XI.	.	s Inft-lX0-

No Fines fliall be taken for Bean-pleader.

PRovifum eft eeiam, quod nec in itinere Jufti-ciar’, nec in Comitatibus, Hundredis, nec in Curia Baronum, de cetero capiantur fines ab ali-quibus pro 'pul ere placitando, ncc per fic quod non occafionentitr.

Et 'feiendum, quod per iftam conftitutionem non j tolluntur fines certi, 'feu prefentationes [prejlati ■ ones'] arentate a tempore quo dominus Rex'pri-mo transfretavit in Britanniam ufque nunc.

T is provided alfo, That from henceforth neither <

__in the Circuit of Juftieers, nor in Counties,

Hundreds, and Court Barons, any Fines fliall be taken of any Man for Fair-Pleading, nor fo that any Occaflon fhall be.

‘ II. And it is to be known, that by this A£t Fines Enforced by 3 Ed, certain, or Loans afleffed fince the time that our t.c.t. JsfiEd. Lord the King -firft palled into Britain, are not z- c-taken away.’

Regift. 179. i. In it. iiz.

CAP. XII.

Days given in Dower, Aflife of Darraine Preferment, and Share impedit.

N plaeito vero dotis [de dote] quod vocatur unde niehil habet, demur de cetero quatuor dies per annum ad minus, & plures ft commode fieri poffit, ita quod habeant quinque vel fex per annum ad minus. In aftifis autem ultime prefenta-cionis, & in plaeito quare impedit de ecclefiis va-Cantibus, dentur dies dc quindena in quindenam, vel de tribus feptimanis in tres feptimanas, prout locus propinquus fuerit, vel remotus. In plaeito vero quare impedit, ft ad primum diem, ad quern fummonitus fuerit, non venerit nec effonium mi-ferit impeditor, attachietur ad alium diem, quo die fi non venerit, nec effon’ miferit, diftringatur per magnam diftriccionem fuperius di&arn j & fi tunc non venerit, per ejus defaltam feribatur Epif-copo loci, quod reclamatio impeditoris ilia vice conquerenti non obfiftat, falvo impeditori alias jure fuo, cum inde loqui voluerit. Eadem. lex de attachiamentis faciendis de omnibus brevibus, ubi attachiamenta jacent, quoad diftricciones faciendas firmiter obfervetur Ita tamen, quod fecundum attaehiamentum fiat per meliores plegios, & poft-modum ultima diftriccio.

c. 6. §. 13. and 27 Geo, 1. c. 48. §. 4. in Dover dfttr

‘ tN a Plea of Dower, that is called Unde nihil habet, ,

‘ i from henceforth four Days fliall be given in the 3 1 Year at the leaft, and more if conveniently it may

*	be, fo that they -Ihall have five or fix Days at the

*	leaft in the Year, (z) In Ailifes of Darraine Pre- procefs!n;Cqy.-‘ fentment, and in a Plea of Square impedit, of Church- re impedit.

‘ es vacant, Days fhall be given from fifteen to fif-‘ teen, or from three Weeks to three Weeks, as the c Place Ihall hap to be near, or far. (3) And ill a

*	Plea of Share impedit, if the Difturber come not at'

‘ the firft Day that he is fummoned, nor call no Ef-‘ foin, then he fliall be attached at another Day ; at ‘ which Day if he come not, nor eaft no Efloin, he ‘ fhall be diftrained by the great Diftrefs above given ;

*	(4) And if he come not then, by his Default a Writ Fitz. jour, u?3 ‘ Ihall go to the Bilhop of the lame Place, that the 19. 3--

*	Claim of the Difturber for that time Ihall not be pre- 11 S' f ^

‘ judicial to the Plaintiff; faving to the Difturber his ntz.'BrkVai ‘ Right at another time, when he will fue therefore. Evefque, 14,

‘ (5) The fame Law, as to the making of Attach- si, zz, *7. -

*	ments, Ihall from henceforth be obferved in all Writs 3	,23-

‘ where Attachments lie, as in making Diftrefles, fo Attachments.

‘ that the feeond Attachment -fliall be made by better Altered ly

* Pledges, and afterwards the laft Diftrefs.’	(d'cl', 'I'

Iffue joined there /ball not be above 15 Days between the Te/le and the Return cf tie Venire, dfe.

CAP. XIII.

After Iflue joined there Ihall be but one Efloin, or one Default.

ET feiendum, quodpoftquam aliquis pofuerit fe in inquifieionem aliquam, que emerferit, vel cmergere point in hujufmodi brevibus, non habeat nifi unicum elTonium, & [vel] unicam defaltam ; ita fcilicet, quod fi ad diem fibi datum per eflbnium fuum non venerit, aut fi feeundo die defaltam fe-cerit, tunc inquificio ilia per defaltam ipfiuscapia-tur, tunc fecundum inquifieionem per defaltam ipfws ad judicium procedatur. Et fi inquificio ilia capta fuerit in Comitatu per Vicecomitem, vel per Coronatorcm, ad Jufticiarios domini Regis ad cer-tutn diem remittend. & fi pars rea non venerit ad

* A ND it is to be known, after that a Man hath Fitz. Eftoln,

‘ /I put himfelf upon any Enqueft, the which hath 2,< 3!> 34.- Is.

*	or muft pafs in fuch manner of Writs, he fhall have

‘ but one Efloin, or one Default 5 fo that if he come bsabolck-'c,

‘ not at the Day given to him hy the Efloin, or make pi. -1-. J

*	Default the feeond Day, then the Enqueft fhall be Silk. 216.

‘ taken by his Default, and according to the fame En-

‘ queft they Ihall proceed to Judgement. (2) And if ‘ fuch Enqueft be taken in the County, before the ‘ Sheriff or Coroners, it fliall be returned unto the

*	King’s Juftiees at a certain Day; and if the Party

‘ Defendant come not at that Day, then, upon his.

F z	‘ Default

* For that be caufe bim to come, read that be caufe him to rontc a: (bat Day.

$cr c. 20. and 3 Ed. i. i'. 4i, 4.3, 44,	6	1

34 H. 6. 45, 13 H. S.

'5 In ft. 127.

t &C». 60.

' 7. A* <7- i- :

22 Ed. 4.49. Fitz. Bar.? 281. Fitz. Trefpafs, 238.

Fitz. Brief, 52 r.

A Remedy for the Heir,, if his chief Lord do keep or put him out of .FolTefljon%

for /*:, read kiU.

Frirr.tr Srif.n.

. 14—16. Annoquinquageftmo fecundoH e N R1 c 1 III. A. D. 1267.

* Default, another Day fhall be affigned to him after c the Difcretion of thejuftices; and it fhall be com-4 manded to the Sheriff, * that he caufe him to come 4 to hear the Judgement, if he will, according to the ‘ Enqueft; at which Day, if he come not, up.on his ‘ Default they fhall proceed to. Judgement, fn like 4 manner it fhall be done, if he come not at the Day 4 given unto him by his Effoin.’

Cotton MS, ilium diem, tunc per defaltam ipfius affignetur ei alius dies fecundum difcrecionem Jufticiariorum; & mandetur Vicecomiti, quod ad diem ilium faciat ipfum venire ad audiendum judicium fuum, ft ve-lit, fecundum inquificionem illam ; ad quern diem fi non venerit, propter defaltam fuam procedatur ad judicium. Eodem modo fiat, fi non veniat ad ' diem fibi datum per efTonium fuum.

. c. 8 & 10. 13 Ed, i.Jlat. 1, c. 17, S7 (ifaS. 12 Ed. 2,-Jlat, 2.- j Ed. 3. c. 6. 9 Ed. 3. c. 3.farfarther Regulations of EJfoins, .

CAP. XIV.

They which have Charters of Exemption, muft in fome Cafes be fworn.

4 f' OncerningCharters of Exemption and Liberties, * V j that the Purchafer fhall not be. impanelled in ‘ Affifes, Juries, and Enquefts ; it is provided, That ‘ if their Oaths be fo requifite, that without them ‘ Juftice cannot be miniftred, as in great Affifes, Per-4 ambulations, and in Deeds or Writings of Cove-4 nants, (where they be named for Witneffes) or in ‘ Attaints, and in other cafes like, they fhall be com-4 pelled to fvvear; faving to them at another time their 4 fore fa id Liberty and Exemption.’

DE [zVz] cartis vero exemptionis &f Jibertatls, rre ponantur impetrantes in affifis, juratis, vel re-cognitionibus aliquibus ; provifum eft, quod fi adeo neceffarium fit eofum .juramentum, quod fine eis jufticia exhiberi non poterit [pojjitJ veluti in magna aflifa, & in perambulationibus, & in cartis vel feriptis convencionum, ubi fuerint teftes nominati, aut in attindiis, aut in aliis cafibus confimilibus, jurare cogantur ; falva fibi alias libertate & exemp-tione fua fupradidfis.

CAP. XV...

In what Places Diftreffes fhall not be taken.

IT fhall be lawful for no Man from henceforth, for any manner of Caufe, to take Diftreffes out of his Fee, nor in the King’s High-way, nor in the common Street, but only to the King or his Officers having fpecial Authority to do the fame-.’

TWjUlli de cetero liceat diftricciones faeere ex Pquacunque caufa extra feodum fuum, nec in. regia via, aut communi ftrata, nifi domino Regi aut Miniftris fuis.

842. Fitz. Avowry, 87, 232.	2	Inft.	133..	Raft.	226.	Regift.	98,	183.	9	Ed.	2.	flat.	1,	c.	9.	2	Inft,	131.	Cro.	El.	710,

CAP. XVI.

The Heir’s Remedy, if his Lord do keep

IF any Heir after the Death of his Anceftor be 1 within Age, and his-Lord have the Ward of his Lands and Tenements, if the Lord will not render unto the Heir his Land (when he cometh to his full Age) without Plea, the Heir fhall recover his Land by Affife of Mortdauncejlor, with the Damages that he hath fuftained by fuch withholding, fince the time that he was of full Age. (2) And if an Heir at the 4 time of his Anceftor’s Death be of full Age, and be ‘ is Heir apparent, and known for Heir, and be found ‘ in the Inheritance, the chief Lord fhall not put him 4 out, nor take, nor remove any thing there, but fhall 4 take only fimple Seifin therefore for the Recognition 1 of his Seigniory, that he may be known for Lord.

'• (3) And if the chief Lord do * put fuch an Heir out 1 of the Poffcffion malicioufly, whereby he is driven to 1 purchafe a Writ of Mortdauncejlor, or of Coufenage,

1 then he fhall recover his Damages as in Affife of No-1 ncl dijjeifin.

4 II. Touching. Heirs, which hold of our Lord the 4 King in chief, this Order fhall be obferved. That our 4 Lord the King fhall have the firft Seifin of their 4 Lands, like as he was wont to have before time:

4 Neither fhall the Heir, nor any other, intrude into.

4 the fame Inheritance, before he hath received it out 4 of the King’s Hands, as the fame Inheritance was wont to be taken out of his Hands and his Anceftors

him forth. The King’s Primer Seifin.

SI heres aliquis poft mortem fui antecefforis infra etatem extiterit, & dominus fuus cuftodiam terrarum fuarum habuerit, fi dominus ille ditfto heredi, cum ad legitimam etatem pervenerit, ter-ram fuam fine placito reddere noluerit, heres ille terram fuam per affifam mortis antecefforis fui re-cuperabit, unacum dampnis que fuftinuerit propter detencionem illam, a tempore quo fuerit legitime etatis. Quod fi heres alicujus in morte ante-cefloris fui plene etatis fuerit, & heres ille apparens,. cz pro herede cognitus, inventus fit: in hereditate-ilia, capitalis dominus eum non eiciat [ejiciat] nec aliquid ibi capiat nec amoveat, fet tantum fimpli-cem feifinam inde faciat pro recognitione dominii fui. Et- fi- Capitales domini hujufmodi herederr. extra feifinam fuam maliciofe teneant, per quod breve mottis antecefforis ipfum oportet impetrare [placitare] tunc dampna fua recuperet ficut in Ac-tione nove diffeifine.

De hereditatibus autem que de domino Rege te-nentur in capite fic obfervandum eft,' quod dominus Rex liberam inde feifinam liabeat, ficut prius fieri confuevit; nec heres nec aliquis alius in here-ditatem illam fe intrudat, priufquam illam de ma-nibus domini Regis recipiat, prout hujufmodi he-ditates de manibus Antecefforum fuorum recipi. confuevcrunt, & hoc intelligatur de terris & feodis,

■ ■	.	•	■	■	.	que

A. D. 1267. Anno quinquagefimo fecundo He

NRICI III. C. I

Cotton MS. que ratipne fervicii militaris, vcl ferjantie, feu jure patronatus, in manu domini Regis cj]e confue-vcrunt.

in times'paft. And this muftbe underftood of Lands Erf creed by and Fees, the which were accuftomed to be in the 17 E<5,

King’s Hands, by reafon of Knights Service, or Scr- £J’rM being “ jeanty, or Right of Patronage.’	abilifitdby 1*

>	Car. 2, c ap

CAP. XVII.

The Authority and Duty of Guardians in Socage.

PRovifum eft eciam, quod fi terra, que tenetur in focagio, fit in cultodia parentum heredum eo quod [tile dum\ heres infra etatem extiterit, cuf-todes illi [ilUus] vaftum facere non pofiunt, vel vendicionem, vel aliquam deftruccionem de here-ditateilla; fed falvo earn cuftodiant ad opus di£Ii heredis, Ita quod cum ad legitimam etatem nerve-nerit, fibi refpondeant de exitibus didde hereditatis, per legitimam computationcm, falvis ipfis cuftodi-bus rafionabilibus mifis fuis. Nrc eciam poflunt didti cuftodes didti heredis maritagium dare vel ven-dere, nifi ad commodum didti heredis : fet ft pa-rentes di£ti heredis propinquiores qui hujufmodi cuftodias habuerint, de toto tempore illo, a quo brevia placitandi non conceduntur, hujufmodi cuftodias habeant ad commodum heredis, ut predictum eft,,fine vafto, vel exilio, vel deftruccionibus faciendis.

of the Mother, the Guardianship belongs to the next of Kin on the Part

of his and by mu.

c | T is provided, That if Land holden in Socage be v a 4 I in the Cuftody of the Friends of the Heir, becaufe IOO, 107. ’

‘ the Heir is within Age, the Guardians fliall make no Fitz. Prcfcnt.

‘ Wafte, nor Sale, nor any Deftrudtion of the fame IO*

4 Inheritance ; but fafely fliall keep it to the Ufe of the	5ncE’ ?'47\

4 faid Heir, fo that when he cometh to his lawful Age,	“r ' Is9‘

4 they fhall anfwer to him for the Iflues of the faid In- p|0VvH. 293.

4 heritance by a lawful Accompt, faving to the fame Fitz. Accnmpf,

4 Guardians their reafonable Cofts. ' (a) Neither fhall 35> 59> 6°> 7r>' 4 the faid Guardians give or fell the Marriage of fiich i,07’.. „

4 an Heir, but to the Advantage of the forefaid Heir ; c°' Ent. 4^'/*

‘ (3) But the next Friends which had the Ward, for 2 infl. 135,.*.

4 all that time that Writs of impleading did not lie, Raft. 21.

4 fhall have fuch Wardfhip unto the Advantage of the 4 Heir, as is faid before, .without Wafte, Sale, or De-4 ftruddion making.’.	See	28	Ed. t.<

fat. 1. where Lands in Socage defend on the part

of the Father; and 12 Car. z,-. c. 24.' giving Power to tb: Father to dijpofe of the Wardfilp

CAP. XVIII.

Who only may amerce for Default of common Summons.-

NU11 us autem efcaetor, vel inquifitor, velju-fticiarius ad affifas capiendas fpecialiter allig-natus, vel ad querelas auaiend’ & determinand’, de cetero poteftatem habeat amerciandi aliquem pro defalta communis fummonicionis, nifi Capitales •Jufticiarii in itineribus fuis. [Provifum eft infuper, quod nullus religiofus feoda alicujus ingrediatur fine ajfenfu noftro, & cap it alls domini, de quo feoda ilia immediate tenentur.]

NO Efcheator, Commiffioner, or Jufticer fpecially afligned to take Aflifes, or to hear and determine Matters, from henceforth fhall have Power to amerce for default of common Summons, but the chief Juftices, or the Juftices in Eyre in their Cir- >2% cuits.’

CAP. XIX.

None but the King fhall hold Plea of falfe Judgement.

[ Ullus de cetero (excepto domino Rege) pla^-I citum teneat de falfo judicio fa£to in Curia tenentium fuorum; quia hujufmodi placita fpecialiter fpeftant ad coronam 5c dignitatem domini Regis.

ONE from henceforth (except our Lord the Fitz; Faur ‘ JL'N King) fhall hold in his Court any Plea of falfe Judgement, 7, 4 Judgement, given in the Court of his Tenants ; for ,0> *4- 'Sct 4 fuch Plea fpecially belongeth to the Crown and Die- 1 Ed' Ht;U'I-4 nity of our Lord the King.’	h

CAP. XX.

In which Courts Rone fhall need to fwear to warrant their Eflbins. .

on his Writ. Regift. 15, Raft. 342.

Co. Ent. 305,

kE efton’ autem provifum eft, quod in Comita-

__9 tu, Hundredo, aut in Curia Baronum, aut

aliis Curiis, nullus habeat neceffe jurarc pro effo-nio fuo warantizando.

TOuching Eflbins, it is provided, That in Coun- Fitz.Effoin, n9.

ties, Hundreds, or in Courts Barons, or in Raft. 297. other Courts, none fhall need to fwear to warrant his *Inft*137-Efloin.’	See the References

)	’	to Chapter jj.

CAP. XXI.

Who may take Replevins, of Diftrefles.

PRovifum eft, quod fi averia aliqua injufte capi-antur, & detineantur, Vicecomes. poll: queri-moniam inde fibi factam, ea fine impedime^to vel 4

IT is provided alfo, That if the Beads of any Man who may make be taken, and wrongfully withholden, the She-Replevin of riff, after Complaint made to him thereof, may de- Beads diftrained,

4 liver DJer’ f> 24S*

38 C. 22—2-5. Annoqmnquagefimo-fecuncloHen rici III. A.D. 1267.

Cotton MS. cohtradiccione ejus qui dicta averia cepit, delibe-rare poffit, fi extra libertates capta fuerint. Si infra libertates capta fuerint, & ballivi libertatis ea liberare noluerint, tunc vicecomes per defaltaru eorum [ipforum] ea faciat deliberari.

-amended by 3 Ed. 1. c. 17. Rcgift, 82, &c.	2	Inft.	139.

Pro' pJnl’m’ V 4 liver them without Let or Gainfaying of him that icS. 3 ^ ‘ took the Beafts, if they were taken out of Liberties' F . Retorn. ‘ (z) And if the-Beafts were taken within any Liber-lie Vi'cont. .7. ‘ ties, and the Bailiffs of the Liberty will not deliver Co. Lit. 14.5. b. ‘ them, then the Sheriff, for Default of thofe Bailiffs, fhallcaufe them to be delivered.’

C A P.. XXII.

None fha'll compel his Freeholder to anfwer for his Freehold.

c ?vTON E from henceforth may diftrain his Free-* JlN holders to anfwer for their Freeholds, nor for

any Things touching their Freehold, * without 'ihe King’s Writ: (2) Nor fhall caufe his Freeholders to fwea'r againft their Wills ; for no Man may do that without the’King’s Commandment.’

** Not in the Original.

-7. Inft. 142.

Enforced by 35 R. 2. c. 12. a*d by i6 R. 2.

Co a. 'whichgives a Forfeiture of zol, to the King \

i Breach, by the compelling cf ‘Tenants, &c.

XJllus de cetero poffit diftringere lfbere tenen-L tes fuos ad refpondendum de libero tenemen-to fuo, nee de aliquibus ad liberum te'nementum 'fuum fpeclantibus ; nec .iurare faciat libere tenen-tes fuos contra voluntatem fuam ; deficuthoc nul-lus facere poffit fine \fpeciali\ precepto domini Regis.

CAP. XXIII.

A Remedy againft Accomptants. Fermors fhall make no Wafte.

Fifz. Brief,

■791, S06.

Fitz. Piocefs, 203.

Fitz. Exigent, iz.

•3 Roll. 1S2.

12 Inft. 143.

* Net in the Original.

Mirror 32O.

5 Co. 18.

Dyer, f. 28 r. Fitz. Wall, 12, 22, 30, 32, 37, 42, 43, 46, 47>

T is provided allb, That if Bailiffs, which ought to make account to their Lords, do withdraw themfclves, and have no Lands nor Tenements whereby they may be diftrained ; then they fhall be attached by their Bodies, fo that the Sheriff, in whofe Bailiwick they be found, fhall caufe them to come to make their account.

‘ II. Alfo Fermors, during their Terms, fhall not make "Wafte, * Sale, nor Exile of Houfe, Woods, and Men, nor of any Thing belonging to the Tenements that they have to ferm, without fpecia'l licence had by W riting of Covenant, making mention, that they may do it; which Thing-if they do, and thereof be convidf, they fhall yield full Damage, and fhall be punifhed by Amerciament grievoufly.’

PRovifum eft eciam, quod fi Ballivi, qui domN nis fuis compotum reddere tenentu'r, fe fub-traxerint, & terras & tenementa non habuerint, per quopdiftringi poffint; tunc per eorum corpora attach'ientur, ita quod Vicecomes, in cujus balliva inveniantur, eos venire faciat ad compotum fuum reddend’.

Firmarii tempore firmarum fuarum vaftum vel exilium non'faciantjde bofeis, domibus, vel homini-bus, nec de aliquibus ad tenementa que habent ad -firmam'fpedtantibus, nifi fpecialem inde habuerint conceffionem, five convencionis mentionem, adeo quod hoc facere poffint. Ft fi fecer-int, & fuper ■hoc convincantur, dampna plene refundant, & gravi'ter per mifericordiam puniantur.

•48, 53, 68, 69,

76, 78, 82, 88. 4 Co. 63. Raft. 689. 2 Inft. 144. Enforcedly 6 Ed. 1. ftat. 1. c. 5. witch gives treble Damages, ‘See farther II H. 6, c. 5. againji when WaRe is maintainable.

CAP. XXIV.

For what Caufes Townfhips ought to be amerced.

Amercement * of Towns in < Eyre.	<

Juft, in Tyre. Enqueftsof the Death of Man. Fitz. Waft, 11. ,9. 53. 66> 7-.

THE Juftices in Eyre from henceforth fhall not amerce Townfhips in their Circuits, becaufe all being twelve Years old came not afore the Sheriffs and Coroners, to make Inquiry of Robberies, Burnings of Houfes, or other Things pertaining to the Crown ; fo that there come fufficient out of thofe Towns, by whom fuch Enquefts may be made full: except Enquefts for the Death of Man, whereat all being twelve Years of Age, ought to appear, unlefs they have reafonable caufe of Abfence. ’

Uftieiarii itinerantes de cetero non amercient villatas in itinere fuo, eo quod finguli duode-cim annorum non venerint coram Vieecomitibus & Coronatoribus, ad inquifitiones dc roberiis, & ineendiis, &aliis adCoronam fpeclantibus faciend’; ditm tamen de villatis illis venerint fuffieientes, per quos hujufmodi inquificiones plene fieri poffint; exceptis inquificionibus de morte hominis faciend’, ubi omnes duodeeim annorum venire debent, nifi rationabilem habeant caufam abfentie fue.

^3, 101, 103, 120. 2 Inft. 147.

C A P. XXV.

What kind of Man-daughter fhall be adjudged Murther.

‘ "TV/TUrther from henceforth fhall not be judged be-e iVjL fore our Juftices, where it is found Misfortune

Keyling 123.

Co. Eur. 354.

2 rt!ai	*	only, but it fhall take place in fuch as are flain by

.20.	{	rdonyj and not otherw;fCi>

MUrdrum de cetero non adjudicetur coram Ju-fticiariis, ubi infortunium [fortuniumJ tan-tummodo adjudicatum eft, fed locum habeat murdrum in'iriterfedlis per feloniam, '& non aliter.

C A P,

39

A. D. 1267. Anno quinquagefinio fecundoHE nrici III., C. 26—29*

c A P. XXVI.

What Day fhall be given to him that is vouched to Warranty:

Cotton MS.

PRovifum eft infuper, quod nullus, qui coram Jufticiariis itinerantibus vocatur ad Waran-tum de placito terre vel- tenement’, amercietur- de cetero, pro eo quod prefens non fuerit, quando vocabatur ad Warantum (excepto primo die ad-ventus Jufticiariorum ipforum) fet ft Warantus ille fit infra Comitatum, tunc injungatur Vicecomiti, quod ipfum infra tercium diem, vel quartum, fe-cundum locorum dift'anciam, faciat venire, ficut in itinere Jufticiar’ fieri confuevit. Et ft extra Comitatum maneat, tunc rationabilem habeat, fum-moniciouem quindecim dierum ad minus; fecun-dum difcrecionem Jufticiar’, & legem communem.

4 |T is provided, That none, being vouched toWar-4 i ranty before our-Juftices in Eyre, in Plea of Land ‘ or Tenement, fhall be amerced from henceforth, be-‘ caufe he was not prefent when he was vouched to * Warranty, except the firftDay of the coming of the ‘ Juftices : But if the Party vouched be within the ‘ Shire, then the Sheriff fhall be commanded to caufe-‘ him to come within the third or fourth Day, accord-4 ing to the Diftance of the Place, as it was wont to 4 be done in the Circuit of the Juftices. And if he 4 dwell without the Shire, then he fhall have reafon-4 able Summons of fifteen Days at the leaft, after the Diferetion of the Juftices, and the Common Law.’

CAP. XXVII.

A Clerk bailed upon a Capital Offence,. refufeth to anfwer.

SI clericus aliquis pro crimine aliquo, vel redto [retto] quod ad Coronam pertineat, arettatus [etrejiatmJ fuerit, & poftmodumper preceptum Regis in ballium traditus fuerit, vel replegiatus,. ita quod hii, quibus traditus fuerit in ballium, eum habeant coram Jufticiariis; non amercientur illi de cetero quibus traditus fuerit in ballium, vel alii plegii fui, ft corpus fuum habeant coram Jufticiariis, licet coram eis propter privrlegium clericale refpondere noluerit, vel non poflit.

CAP.

‘ | F a Clerk, for any Crime or Offence touching the Bro.Coron. m. ‘ I Crown, be arrefted, and after, by the King’s ‘ Commandment, let to bail,. or replevied, fo thatg £

4 they, to whom he was let to bail-, have him before andytH.i.c. 3.. 4 our Juftices ; the Sureties from henceforth, nor they •whichordaiatbat 4 to whom he was let to bail, fhall not be amerced (ifc/f'£>	1	l’f

4 they have his Body before our Juftices) although he u^cd mo,hersbc‘ 4 will not anfwer before them, by reafon of a Clerk’s	n	.

4 Privilege, nor cannot * by reafon of his Ordinary. riiJl.'*' *

xxvnr..

Remedies for Succeffors of Prelates for Wrongs done to their Predeceflbrs, (s’c.

PRovifum eft eciam, quod' ft depredaciones vel rapine alique fiant Abbatibus, Prioribus, vel aliis prelatis ecclefiafticis, &. ipfi jus fuum de-hu-juftnodi depredationibus profequentes morte pre-veniantur, antequam jufticiam inde fuerint affe-cuti; fucceffores eorum habeant accionem ad bona-ecclcfie fue de manibus hujufmodi tranfgreffo-rum repetend’. Similem [ftmi,liter} infuper habeant accionem fucceffores de hiis, que domui & ecclefie fue recenter [retenta] ante obitum prede-cefforum fuorum [£5‘J per hujufmodi violenciam fuerint fubtracba, licet prcdibti predeceffores fui jus fuum profecuti non fuerint in. vita fua. Si autem in terris & [vel~\ tenementis hujufmodi re-ligioforum, de quibus eorum prelati obierint fei-fiti, ut de jure ecclefie fue, aliqui fe intrudant tempore vacationis, eorum fucceifores breve habeant ad recuperand’ feiftnam fuam; & adjudi-centur eis dampna fua,. ficut in nova diffeiftna ad-judicari confuevit-

c tT is provided, That if any Wrongs or Trefpafles A Reme(Jy for-4 X be done to Abbots, or other Prelates of the p,elates for 4 Church, and they have fued their Right for fuch Wrongs done 4 Wrongs, and be prevented with Death before Judg- !n *he time of Lnient given therein ; their Succeffors fhall have Ac- tfhelr Prede“f-4' tions to demand the Goods of their Church out of rh^Vacation!2 4 the Hands of fuch TrefpafTers. (z) Moreover, the Fitz. Trefpafs,

4 SuccefTors fhall have: like Adtion for fuch Things as *°5', 211, 2375 4 were lately withdrawn by fuch Violence from their *4*>	.

4 Houfe and Church, before the Death of their Prede-	-	.

4 ceffors, though their faid PredecefTors did not purfue g23’

4 their Right during their Lives. , (3) And if any in- 2 h! 4.4. .

4 trude into the Lands or Tenements of fuch Religious 4 Perfons in the time of Vacation, of which Lands 4 their PredecefTors died feifed as in the Right of their 4 Church, the SuccefTors fhall have a Writ to recover 4 their Seifin. (4) And Damages fhall be awarded 2 InA W- _

4 them, as in Afllfe of Novel dijfeifm is wopt.tp be.’ e^’e *ri2*5'

CAE., XXIX.

In what Cafe a Writ of Entrie fur diffeiftn in the Pcjl doth lie.

PRovifum eft eciam, quod ft alienationes ille, de quibus breve de ingreflu- dari confuevit, per tot gradus fiant, quod hreve illud in forma prius ufitata habere, [baberi] .non poflit,,.'habeat con-

* ¥ T is provided alfo. That if thofe Alienations (where- Plt2-Cuj ,n'

4 J_ upon a Writ of Entry was wont to be granted) £1"’ |3n‘tre 4 hap to be made in fo many Degrees, that by reafon 11( \ f 4 thereof the fame Writ cannot be made in the Form fA BrW, 432,'-

4 beforetimes 469,- 693, 3n,

Co. Lit. 25?. b. c 239. a.	c

slnft. 153. t Regirt. 228.

F. N. C. 191.

K. 192,101, ‘ 20 j.	<

Rart. 283.

beforetimes ufed, the Plaintiffs fhall have: a Writ to recover their Seifin, without making mention of the Degrees, into whofe Hands foever the fame Thing fliall happen to come by fuch Alienations, and that by an original Writ to be provided therefore by the Council of. our Lord the King.’

Cotton MS. querens breve de recuperanda feilina, fine men-cione graduum, ad cujufcunque manus per hujuf-modi alienaciones' res ilia devenerit, per brevia originalia per confilium domini Regis providenda.

STATUTUM WEST’ PRIMUM.

the Statute of WESTMINSTER, the

Made at Wefhninfter 25 die Aprilis, Anno 3 Edwardi I. and Anno

Dom. 1275.

THESE be the Adis of King Edward, Son to King Henry, made at Wcjhninjler at his firft Parliament general after his Coronation, “ on the Monday of Eajler Utas, the third Year of his “ Reign, by his Council, and by the Aflent of Arch-“ bifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, “ and all the Commonalty of the Realm being thither “ fummoned, hecaufe our Lord the King had great “ Zeal and Defire to redrefs the State of tne Realm in “ fuch Things as required Amendment, for the com-*£ mon Profit of holy Church, and of the Realm : And * For becaufe the becaufe the State of * the holy Church had been evil State of the holy k kept, and the Prelates and religious Perfons of the tlufl the Stated/'' Land grieved many ways, and the People otherwise tit iGrgJ-m and “ intreated than they ought to be, and the;Peace lefs of the holy	“ kept, and the Laws lefs ufed, and the Offenders lefs

Church, (Sc.	“ punifhed than they ought to be, by reafon whereof

“ ;he People of the Land feared the lefs to offend; the --	<£	King hath ordained and eftablilhed thefe Adis under-

“ written, which he intendeth to be neceflary and pro-££ fitable unto the whole Realm.”

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

CES font les eftabliffementz le Roi Edward, fitz le Roi Henry, faitz a Weftm’ a foil prim’ parlement general apres fon corone-ment, lendirriaine de la Claufe de Pafk’, lan de fon regne tierce, par fon counfeil, & par laffen-tement des Ercevefques, Evefques, Abbes, Pri-ours, Countes, Barons, & la comminalte de la terre illeoqes fomons, Pur ceo qe noftre Seignur le Roi ad graunt volunte & defir de leftate de fon roialme adrefeer en les chofes, ou miller eft de amendement, & ce pur le commune profit de feinte eglife, & del roialme; & pur ce qe leftat de-fon' roialme & de feinte eglife ad efte malmenez [malmejneJ & les Prelates & les religious de la terre grevez en moltz de maneres, & le poeple autrement trete qeftre ne deuft, & la pees meins gardez, -h les leies mefufez, & les mesfefantz meins puniz qeftre ne deuffent, pur quoi les gentz douterent meins a mesfaire ; Si ad le Roi ordene & eftablie les chofes fouzeferiptz, qe il entend’ qe foient profitables & convenables a tout le Roialme.

CAP. I.

The Peace of the Church anid the Realm fhall be maintained. Religious Houles fhall not be

overcharged.

2lnft. 156.	‘	TT'Irft the King willeth and commandeth, That the f

£ Jt’ Peace of holy Church and of the Land, be well i £ kept and maintained in all Points, and that common •	£	Right be done to all, as well Poor as Rich, without

‘ refpeA of Perfons. (z) And becaufe that Abbeys ,	£	and Houfes of Religion of the Land have been over-

‘ charged, and for.e grieved, by the Refort of great f For f that 1 Men and other, \ f: that their Goods have not been theb Co js ha-ve ‘ fnjpcient for themfelves, whereby they have been greatly 1 not htenfojpctent <■ -^hindered and impoverifhed, that they cannot main-^ddrlhdhcySSc. 1 ta'n themfelves, nor fuch Charity as they have been read dbehL't ‘ accuftomed to do ; it is provided, That none fhall fnjpcient for ‘ come to eat or lodge in any Houfe of Religion of any tbemfelates, ‘ other’s Foundation than of his own, at the Cofts of •whereby the Re- < the Houfe, unlefs he be required by the Governor of ireatiyddd ‘ the.Houfe before his coming thither. (3) And that J For hhdend, * none, at bis ov/n Cofts, (hall enter and come to lie read	‘	there againft the Will of them that be of the Houfe.

£ (a) And by this Statute the King intendeth not,

£ that the Grace of Hofpitality fhould b« withdrawn

EN primes voet lc Roi & comaunde, qe la pees de feinte eglife, & de la terre, foit bien garde & maintenu en toutes pointes, & comune droiture foit fait, auxibien as poverez, come as riches, • fanz regard de nully. Puree qe les abbeys & mai-fons de religion ount efte furchargez, & grevez malement per la venu des grandez gentz h autres, qe bien fufficent a eux mefmes, per quei les religious font ft abeiffez h empoverez, qils ne pont fuftener eux mefmes, ne ebarite qils foleient faire : Purveu eft qe nul ne viegne manger, ne herber-ger, ne gifer en mefon de religion dautre avouefon qe de la fue, al coft de la melon, fil ne foit prie & requis efpecialment per le governour de la meafon, avaunt qil y viegne ; & qe nul a fes collages de-mefne y entre, ne. v viegne a gifer encountre la volunte de ceux de la melon : & per cell eftatut ne entende pas le Roi, qe grace de hofpitalite-foit fuftret as bufoignoufes, ne qe les avoues des mai-fons les puiffent per louf venues furcharger ou

deftrure.

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

C. 1.

4*

Cotton MS.

deftrure. Purveu eft enfement, que nul graund ne petit, per colour de b parent, ou de efpecialte, 011 de autre affiance, ne per autre enchefon, ne courge en autre Park, ne ne pefche cn autri vi-ver, nen viegne mangier, ne herberger en Ma-noir, ou en mefon de Prelat, ou homme de religion, ou de autre, encountre lavolunte oule con-gie le Seignur, ou de Bailliff, ne al coft le Seig-nur de la einz, ne a fon coft demefne. Et fil viegne, Sc entre perle gree, ou faunz le gree le Seignur, ou le Bailliff, mile ferure, us, ne fe-neitre, ne nulle manere de fermure, ne face ove-rir, ne depeffer, ne per fey ne per autre, ne nulle manere de vitaille nautre chofe ne preigne per colour de achat, nautremeat. Et que nulle ne face batre bledz, ne prendre bledz, ne nulle manere de vitaille, ne les autres biens de nulle Prelat, homme de religion, perfon, ne dautre, ne de Clerk ne de lay, per colour dachat, nautrement, encountre la bone volunte Sc la congie de celui a qi la chofe feira, ou le gardein, dedeinz ville Marchande ne dehors. Et qe nul ne preigne chi-vals, ne boefs, chars, charettes, neefs ne bateux, affair cariage faunz la bone volunte de celui, a qi les chofes ferront; et fil per la bone volunte de celui le face, lors maintenant face fon gree felonc le covenant fait entre eux. Et ceux qi vendront encountre les eftahliflementz avauntditz, fi de ceo foient attcintz, foient ajugez a la prifone le Roi, Sc dcilloeques reinte felonc la quantite & la manere del trefpas, felonc ceo qe Roi en fa Court verra que bien foit. Et fait affavoir, qe fi ceux a qi le trefpas eft fait, vodront fuire le damage qil averont, lors ferra agarde & retourne al double. Et ceux qe le trefpas averont fait, foient enfement puniz a la manere avauntdite ; Et fi nul ne voille fuire, le Roi eit la fuite come de chofe faite encountre fon defens, Sc encountre fa pees : Sc le Roi fra enquere de an en an, ftcome il qui-dra qebien foit, quels gentz eient tiel trefpas fait; Sc ceux qi ferront enditez per ceux enqueftes, ferront attachez Sc diftreintz per la graunt de-ftrefle, de venir au certein jour, que contiegne lefpace dun moys, en la Court le Roi, ou la ou lui plerra. Et fi ceux ne viegnent a cel jour, ils ferront derechief deftreintz per mefme le deftrefle, a vener a un terme qe contiegne vi. femaignes. Et fi ceux adpnqes ne viegnent, foient jugez come atteintz, & rendont le double, per la fuite le Roi, a ceux qi le damage averont refeeu, Sc foient greve-ment reintz, felonc le manere del trefpas. Et le Roi defende Sc comande, qe nul deforemes ne face mal, ne damage, ne grevance a nul homme de religion, perfone de feint eglife, ne autre, per achefon de ceo qils eient denie le hoftiel, ou le manger a nifty, ou per enchefun de ceo qe afeune fe pleint en court, de ceo qil fe fent greve dcs afeuns des chofes avantdites : Et ft nul le face, Sc de ceo foit atteint, foit encoruz la peine avauntdite. Et eft purveu, qe les points avantdits lient auxibien nos counfeillers, juftices des foreftes, Sc autres nos Juftices, come autres gentz. Et que les poiftiz avantditz foient mieux tenuz, Sc gar-

£ from fuch as need, nor that the Founders of fucK ‘ Monafteries fhould overcharge, or grieve them by ‘ their often coming, (j) It is provided alfo, That c none high nor low, by Colour of Kindred, Affinity,

‘ or Alliance, or by any other Occafion, fhall courfe ‘ in any Park, nor fifh in any Pond, nor come to cat ‘ or lodge in the Houfe or Manor of a Prelate, or any £ other Religious Perfon, againft the Will or Leave of ‘ the Lord, or his Bailiff, neither at the Coft of the £ Lord, nor at his own. (6) And if he come in, or No Purveyance £ enter with the Good-will, or againft the Will of the A ail be made or £ Lord or his Bailiff', he {hall caufe no Door, Lock, a Prelate with-£ nor Window, nor nothing that is Ihut, to be open-	s

£ ed or broken, by himfelf, nor any other, nor no	^

£ Manner of ViSual, nor other Thing, fhall take by 14 ea. 3. hat. * £ colour of Buying, nor otherwife; (7) and that none a & 3- e. 1.

£ fhall threfh Corn, nor take Corn, nor any manner >8 rs. 3. fret, f £ ofVidlual, nor other Goods of a Prelate, Man of , * \ a"

£ Religion, nor any other Clerk, or Lay-Perfon, by :cb'givatbe £ colour of Buying, or otherwife, againft the Wjll and Prelates an /)c-£ Licence of him to whom the Thing belongeth, or of f ion and treble £ the Keeper, be it within Market-Town, or with- Ba’".aP‘'ct ‘ out. (8) And that none fhall take Horfes, Oxen-,J e511 '

£ Ploughs, Carts, Ships, nor Barges, to make Carriage*

£ without the Affent of him to whom fuch Things be-£ long ; and if he do it by the Affent of the Party, then £ incontinent he fhall pay according to the Covenant £ made between them. (9) And they that offend £ againft thefe Adis, and thereof be attainted, fhall be £ committed to the King’s Prifon, and after fhall make £ Fine, and be punifhed according to the Quantity and £ Manner of the Trefpafs, and after as the King in his £ Court fhall think convenient. (10) And it is to be £ known, that if they to whom fuch Trefpafs was £ done, will fue for Damages, * they Jhall be thereto re- * The Words hr £ celved, and the fame fhall be awarded and reftored to htalkks not in the £ the double ; (11) and they that have done the Tref- 0r'&mal'

£ pafs, fhall be likewife punifhed in the Manner above-£ faid ; and if none will fue, the King fhall have the £ Suit, as for a Thing committed againft his Com-£ mandment, and againft his Peace: (12) And the £ King fhall make Enquiry from Year to Year, what £ Perfons do fuch Trcfpafles, after as he fhall think £ neceffary and convenient; (13) and they that be in- Th? Punifii-£ didled by fuch Inqucftcs fhall be attached and diftraiu- mrnt of the £ ed by the great Diftrefs, to come at a certain Day, Offenders.

£ containing the Space of a Month, into the King’s £ Court, or where it fhall pleafe the King; (14) and £ if they come not at that Day, they fhall be diftrained £ again of new by the fame Diftrefs, for to come at £ another Day, containing the Space of fix Weeks at £ the leaft ; (13) and if they come not then, they fhall £ be judged as attainted, and fhall yield double Da-£ mages (at the King’s Suit) to fuch as have taken £ Hurt or Damage, and fhall make grievous Fine after £ the Manner of the Trefpafs. (16) And the King £ forbiddeth and commandetb, that none from hence-£ forth do Hurt, Damage, or Grievance to any Religi-£ ous Man, or Perfon of the * Church, or any other, *

£ becaufe they have denied Meat or Lodging unto them,

£ or becaufe that any complaineth in the King’s Court £ that he hath been grieved in any of the Things above £ mentioned ; and if any do, and thereof be attainted,

£ he fhall incur the Pain aforefaid. (17) Anditisfur-£ ther provided, That the Points aforefaid fhall as well ! £ bind our Counfellors, Jufticers of Eorefts, and other

Vol. I.

b Fvrte pa ent.

For fiat, z & 3. read flat, 4.

Vovjiat, 3read fat, 3.

our

C. 2—— 4*

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1275,

A Prelate fliall receive no Lodgers.

J\'ot in the 9r.ieir.el'

4 our Juftices, as any other Perfons; and that the afore-‘ faid Points be maintained, obfcrved, and kept. (18) ‘ Likewife the King forbiddeth upon grievous Forfei-‘ tures, that no Prelate, Abbot, Man of Religion, or 4 Bailiff of any of them, or of other, receive any Man 4 contrary to the Form aforefaid. (19) And that none 4 fhall fend to the Houfe or Manor of a Man of Reli-4 gion, or of any other Perfon, his Men, Horfe, or 4- Dogs, f tofojourn, nor none fhall them receive ; and ‘ he that doth’ (feeing the King hath commanded the ‘ contrary) fliall be gkevoufly puniflied. (zo) Yet it * is further provided, That the Sheriff from henceforth 4 fliall not lodge with any Perfon, with any more than ‘ five or fix Horfes ; and that they fliall not grieve Re-4 ligious Men, nor other, by often coming and lodg-4 ing, neirher at their Houfes nor their Manors-’

2,	J,	C.	I	I

if nutb of this Slat, as i elates m Religious lloufes h made of, by 31 H, 8. c, 13. for the Dijfolution of Monajleries and Abbeys,

CAP. II.

Cotton MS. dez : Si defende le Roi, fur fa greve forfaiture, que nul Prelat, Abbe, homme de religion, ou bailliff dafeun deux, ou autre, ne receyve nul homme encountre la fourme avantdite. Et qe nul nen-voie, a melfon, ne a Manoir de religion, ne dautre homme, gentz, chivalx, ne chiens, ne nul ne les refeeive ; & qi le fra, purceo qe ceo eft encountre la defens Sc le comandement le Roi, il ferra puny grevement. Unqore eft purveu, qe Vifcontes ne herbergent ove nullui, ove pluis qe ove cink ou fla chivalx ; ne qil ne grevent la gent de religion, ne autres, per lour fovent venir, ou gifer a lour me-fons, ne a lour Manoirs.

A Clerk cormdl of Felony, delivered to the Ordinary, fhall not depart without Purgation.

iS El. c. 7.

Hob. 2$3. ^art. 6e Par* don.. Br. zi.

4 ?T is provided alfo, That when a Clerk is taken ‘ A for guilty of Felony, and is demanded by the Or-‘ dinary, he fhall be delivered to him according to the 4 Privilege of Holy Church, on fuch Peril as belongeth 6 to it, afterthe Cuftom aforetimes ufed. (z) And the 6 King admonifheth the Prelates, and enjoineth them 4 upon the Faith that they owe to him, and for the 4 common Profit and Peace of the Realm, that they 6 which he indi'ifted of fuch Offences by folemn Inqueft-4 of lawful Men in the King’s Court, in no manner 4 fhall be delivered without due Purgation, fo that the King fhall not need to provide any other Remedy therein.’

PUr/eu eft enfement, qe quant Clerc eft pris-pur ret de felonie, Sc il foit demande per le or-dinari, il lei foit livere, felonc le privilege defeinte eglife, en tide parile come il y apent, felonc la cuftume avant ces heures ufe. Et le Roi amoneft les Prelates, Sc lour enjoint en la foy qil luy dei-vent, Sc pur le comune profit de la pees de la terre, qe ceux qi font enditez de tiel rette per folempne enqueft des prodes hommes fait en la Court le Roi, en nulle ma.nere ne deliverent fanz due purgation, iffint qe le Roi neit mieftre de mettre y autre remedie.

Enforced in Part 4 by 23. H. 8.. c.

21, And altered by z% H. 3. f. I. which ordains that Per fons in holy Orders Jhall be fubjeebto the fame Pains that others be. 2 Inft. 164,

c

0

nr Erf. 3. f. 34. c 2 Inft, 165,	*

c < c c

5 Co. 106.	*

5- 3*	«

Wreck, i. <

4

<

S ^ Ero.

* T'ot in the c Original.	<

■f RcaJ in.	<

I For that they ( were hit, or pe~

rijhedy &c. read teat they were c hit or his Lord's, 0

or perifhedy &c.	4

Erfo* ced by 37 c Vi. 2. fa:, I c. lj.

C A P. III.

No Penalty for an Efcape before it be adjudged.

is provided alfo, That nothing be demanded nor taken from henceforth, nor levied by the Sheriff, nor by any other, for the Efcape of a Thief or a Felon, until it be judged for an Efcape by the Juftices in Eyre, (z) And he that otherwife doth, fhall re-ftore to him or them that have payed it, as much as he or they have taken or received, and as much alfo unto the King.’

fjUrveu eft enfement, qe. nul rien deforemes S ne foit demaunde, ne pris, ne leve per Vif-cont, ne per autre, pur efehape de laron, ou de felon, jefqes atant qe lefehape foit ajugge per juftices errantz : Sc qe autrement le fra, fi rendera a celuz ou a ceux qe laveront paie, quant qil avers receu, & al Roi atant.

C A P. IV.

What fliall be adjudged Wreck of the Sea, and what not-.

C- Oncerning Wrecks of the Sea, it is agreed, that ^ where a Man, a Dog, or a Cat efcape quick out of the Ship, that fuch Ship nor Barge, nor any Thing within them, fhall be adjudged Wreck : (z) but the Goods fhall be faved and kept by View of the Sheriff, Coroner, or the King’s Bailiff, * and delivered f into the Hands of fuch as are of the Town where the Goods were found ; (3) fo that if any fue for thofe Goods, and after prove that they were /A, J or pe-rijbed in his Keeping, within a Year and a Day, they fliall he reftored to him without Delay; and if not, they fhall remain to the King, and be feifed by the Sheriffs, Coroners, and Bailiffs, and fliall he delivered to them of the Town, which fliall anfwer

DE wrek de meer eft acorde, qe la ou homme.

chien, ou chate efehape vif hors de la nief. qe la nief ou le batel, ou nul rien qe leins fuift, ne foit jugge a wrek ; mes foient les chofes favez Sc gardez per la veue del Vifcount, del coroner. Sc de Baillif le R.oi, en la main de ceux de la ville, ou les chofes font trovez ; iffint qe fi nul fiwe ceux biens, & puis provere qils foient foens, ou a foil feignur, ou en fa garde periz, dedeins lan & le jour, faunz deiaie luy foient renduz; Sc fi non, remeinent al Roi, Sc foient prifes per le Vifcount, Sc le Coroner, Sc Baillif a la ville, a refpoundre devant Juftices, de wrek^e apent al Roi; Sc la ou. wrek apent a autre qe al Roi; fi le

eit

A. D. 1275.

Anno teitio Edward; I.

C. 5—9-	43

Cotton MS.

cit per mefme le manner : & qi autrement le fra, & de ceo foit atteint, foit agarde a la prifone, & reint a la volunte le Roi, & rendra les damages cnfement: & ft le baillif le face, & foit defavowe de fon Seignur, & le feignur ne ne attraie de ce a lui, refpoigne le baillif, lil ad de quei; & fil nad de quey, rcnde le feignur le corps del baillif al Roi.

C A

‘ before the Juftiees of the. Wreck belonging to the Sa^Ed.i.jiat.

■	King. (4) And where Wreck belongeth to another *• dc officio Q>~ ‘ than to the King, he (hall have it in like manner. ranau>rn'

■	(5) And lie that otherwife doth, and thereof be at-; tainted, fhall be awarded to Prifon, and make Fine ‘ at the King’s Will, and fhall yield Damages alfo. c (6) And if a Bailiff do it, and it be difallowed by the 6 Lord, and the Lord will not pretend any Title there-

‘ unto, the Bailiff fhall anfwer, if he have whereof; Altered ty ‘ and if he have not whereof, the Lord fliall deliver his 12 An"- liab 2* ‘ Bailiff’s Body to the King.’	'

Gctds [handed*

P. V.	fife.

There fhall be no Difturbance of Free Elections.

ET pur ceo qe elections deivent eftre (ranches, •le Roi defende fur fa greve forfaiture, qe nul haut homme, nautre, per poiar des armes, ne per manaces, ne diftourbe defair fraunche election.

2 Inft. 168,	*	For no Man, &c% read no great Man or other,

Church,

ND becaufe Elections ought to be free, the Eleaions (hill i jt King commandeth upon great Forfeiture, that he free.

* no Man by Force of Arms, f nor.by Malice, or Me- Er- Arr;erce"

‘ nacing, fliall difturb any to make free Election.’	'f'

•f Not in the Original See 9 Ed, z, ftat, 1, c, 14. relating to Election of Dignities of the

CAP. VI.

Amerciaments fnall be reafonable, and according to the Offence.

ET qe nulle Citee, Burgh, ne ville, ne nul e homme ne foit amercie, faunz refonable cn- ‘ chefon, & felonc la quantite del trefpas; ceftafia- ‘ voir, fraunk homme fauve fon eontenement. Mar- ‘ chant fauve fa marchaandife, vilein fauve fon gai- e nage, & ceo per lour peres.	‘

that Fine*for TrefpaJJesJhall he reafonable; and 1 TV* & M, Jeff, %, c, 2, kfore Conviction,

AND that no City, Borough, nor Town, norzinft. 165.

any Man be amerced, without reafonable Caufe, and according to the Quantity of his Trefpafs; that Regut. is to fay, every Free-man faving his Freehold, a 9 H. 3. flat. t. Merchant faving his Merchandife, a Villain faving '• H-his Waynage, and that by his or their Peers.’	*"34

declaring exceffivc Fines and cruel Punijhments to IdUegal, and liktnoife Grants of Fine:

CAP. VII.

In what manner, and of whom. Purveyance fhall be made for a Caffle.

DE prifes de Coneftables, ou Chaftellains, faites des autres qe de la gent de la ville mefmes, ou le Chattel eft aflis; purveu eft, qe nul Cone-ftable, ne Chaftellein deformes nul manere de prife ne face de autre homme, qe de la ville ou fon Chattel eft aflis ■> & ceo foit paie, ou gree fait dedeins quarant jours, ft ceo ne foit auncien pris due al Roi, ou al Chaftel, ou al feignur del Chattel.

* /~\F Prifes taken by Conftables, or Caftellains, up- H „ » , >

‘ V/ on fuch Folk as be not of the Town where thec, js’,J 6 Caftle is; it is provided, That no Conftable, nor ‘ Caftellain, from henceforth exa£l any Prife, or like ‘ Thing, of any other than of fuch as be of their ‘ Town or Caftle; and that it be paid, or elfe Agree-‘ ment to be made within fourty Days, if it be not an ‘ antient Prife due to the King, or to the Caftle, or to Altered bv ‘ the Lord of the Caftle.’	13	Car.	i.‘	ftat.

1. c. £.

CAP. VIII.

Nothing fhall be taken for Beaupleader.

ET qenulrienne foit pris pur Beaupleder, fi-corae autrefoitz fuift defendu en temps le Roi Henry, piere le Roi qore eft.

‘ A ND that nothing be taken for Fair Pleading, as *

‘ J~\ hath been prohibited heretofore in the Time of |

‘ King Henry, Father to our Lord the King that 3 AraV.V c. ss, ‘ now is.’	Regift. 179.

CAP. IX.

All Men fhall be ready to purfue Felons.

ET puree qe la pees de la terre ad efte feblement . garde avant ces heurs, pur defaute de bone fuite faire fur les felons, felonc due manere, & nomement per enchefon des fraunchifes ou les felons font recettcz ; purveu eft, qe touz commu-niaiment foient preftez $c apparaillez, al maunde-

“ A ND forafmuch as the Peace of. this Realm hath “ J~\ been evil ohferved heretofore for lack of quick.

“ and frefh Suit making after Felons in due manner,

“ and namely becaufe of Franchifes, where Felons are 2 jn);_

“ received (2) it is provided, 1'hat all generally be F.nfor't/bi * ready and apparelled, at the Commandment and Sum- 4 td. j. ft f. •.

G 2	‘	moilS	oaicium	Coron.

‘ mons of Sheriffs, ancf at the Cry of the Country, to ‘ fue and arreft Felons, when any need fs, as well 4 within Franchife as without; (3) and they that will 4 not fo do, and thereof be attainted, fhail make a 4 grievous Fine to the King: (4) And jf Default be 4 found in the Lord of the Franchife, the King fhail 4 take the fame Franchife to himfclf; (;) and if De-4 fault be in the Bailiff, he fhail have one Year’s Im-4 prifonmerit, and after fhail make a grievous Fine ; 4 and if he have not whereof, he fhail have Imprifon-4 ment of two Years. (6) And if the Sheriff, Coro-<	4	ner, or any other Bailiff within fuc’n Franchife, or

4 without, for Reward, or for Prayer, or for Fear, or 4 for any manner of Affinity, conceal, confent, or 4 procure to conceal, the Felonies done in their Liber -4 ties, or otherwife will not attach nor arreft fuch Fe-4 Ions there, as they may, or otherwife will not do ijeTi fut 6 their Office for Favour born to fuch Mifdoers, and ifc. j i, & 6. ‘ be attainted thereof; they fhail have one Year’s Im-28 Ed. 3. e. 11. 4 prifonment, and after make a grievous Fine at the 7 R, 2. c. 6.	4	King’s Pleafure, if they have wherewith; and if

Abmd hy ‘ they ]iave not whereof, they fhail have Imprifonment 39EI. C. 253'*. ‘ °f three Years.’

Cotton MS. ment Sc al fomons des vifeountes, Sc al crye del pais, de fuire & darefter les felons, quant miefter ferra, auxibien dedeins fraunchifes, come dehors ; Sc ceux qe ceo ne ferront. Sc de ceo foient atteintz, le Roi prendra a eux grevement: Sc ft la-defaut foit trove fur le feignur de la fraunchife, fe Roi fe prendra a mefme la fraunchife ; & ft le defaut foit en le Baillif, eit la prifone dun an, Sc puis foit grevement reint ; Sc ft! nad de quei, eit la prifone de deux ans. Et ft Vifcontes, Coroners, ou au-tres Baillifs dedeinz fraunchife ou dehors per lower,, ou per prier, ou per nul manere de affinite, con-celent, ou confentent, ou procurent de conceler-les felonies faites en lour baillies, ou qils fe feig-nent dattacher ou darefter les mesfefantz per la ou ils purront, ou autrement fe feignent de faire lour office en nul manere en favoure de mesfefantz, Sc de ceo foient atteintz; qils eient la prifone dun an. Sc puis foient grevement reintz; Sc fils nount de quoi eftre reintz, eient la prifone de iii ans.

* To tbefe References may be added the 3 Geo. a. #. j6. giving Directions for Purfuit of Hue and Cry ; and 22 Geo. a. e. 24. which amends the former.

CAP. X.

What fort of Men fhail be Coroners. Sheriffs fhail have Counter-Rolls with them'.

Enforced by 23 Ed. 3. c. 6.

Coroners /Kail take nothing*

4 H. 6. 1 <5.

4 kd. 1. flat. 2 Officium Coronat.

AND forafmuch as meanPerfons, and unaifereet, now of late are commonly chofen to the Of-1 fice of Coroners, where it is requifite that Perfons honeft, lawful, and wife, fhould occupy fuch Of-' fices;” 4 it is provided. That through all Shires fuf-ncient Men fhail be chofen to be Coroners, of the moft wife and difereet Knights, which know, will; and may beft attend upon fuch Offices, and which lawfully fhail attach and prefent Pleas of the Crown;

(2)	and that Sheriffs fhail have Counter-Rolls with the Coroners, as well of Appeals, as of Enquefts, of Attachments, or of other Things which to that Office belong; (3) and that no Coroner demand nor take any 7'hing of any Man to do his Office, upon paiu of great Forfeiture to the King.’

ET purceo qe petitz gentz Sc meins fages font eflus jade novel comunalmental office del Coroner, Sc meftier ferreit qe prodes hommeslealx Sc fages fe entremeiffent de cel office ; purveu, qe par toutes les Countes foint ellus fuffifauntz Coroners de pluis lealx Sc pluis fages Chivalers, qe mieux fachent, voillent, Sc puifient, a celle office entendre, & qe leahnent attachent Sc reprefentent lour plees de la corone ; & qe les Vifeountes eient contre roules ove les Coroners, auxibien des ap-peaux come des enqueftes de attachementz. Sc des autres chofes, qe a celle office appendent. Et qe nul Coroner rien ne demaunde nepreigne de nully de faire fon Office, fur peine de la greve forfaiture le Roi.

z Inffc. 174. Altered by 7. c, 1. zvbicb gives Fees to the Coroners j and fee. 1 H. 8. r. 7. w bkb alters the 3 //. 7. Likrtuife I l^P.

c. 13. §.5. and 25 Geo, 2. c. 29. giving Direftions with refpefi to tbc Duty of Coroner:

CAP. XL

Replevin by the Writ of Odio & Atia. Who fhail be Triers of Murther;

“ A ND forafmuch as many being indidted of Mur-44 ± \ ther, and culpable of the fame, by favourable 44 lnquefts taken by the Sheriff, and by the King’s 44 Writ of Odio & Alia, be replevied unto the coming 44 of the Juftices in Eyre;” 4 it is provided, That 4 from henceforth fuch lnquefts fhail be taken by law-4 ful Men chofen out by Oath (of whom two- at the 4 leaft fhail be Knights) which by no Affinity with the 4 Prifoners, nor otherwife, are to be fufpedted.’

l. fiat. i. t. y. witch orders tbc Commitment if fuch Offenders till the coming of tbc Juf ices, le d,reblcd to a Sheriff to charge an Inqucjl to indict any.

5 H. 7. f. 5. Kcgift. 133.

2 Inft. 177.

9 H. 3. flat, j. cap. 26.

/litered by 6 Ed

ET puree qe plufours rettes de morte de hom-me, Sc qe font eoupables de morte de homme, font per fav.orables enqueftes prifes per Vifeountes, Sc per brief le Roi, qe eft appelle odio IA alia, re-pleviz jefqes a la venu de Juftices; purveu eft, qe-celes enqueftes foient prifes deforemes per prodes-hcvmmes elluz per ferement, dount les ii- ferrount chivalers a meins, qe per nulle affinite ne touchent les prifons, nautrement ne foient fufpecionoufes.

Cfc, And farther by 28 ,Ed, 3. e. 9. •which ordains that no Writ fhail'

C A Pi

A. D, 1275.

Anno tcrtio Edwardi I.

C.

CAP. XII.

The Punilhment of Felons refufing lawful Trial.

Cotton MS.

PUrveu eft enfement, qe les felouns efcriez, & qe font apertement de male fame, & ne fe voil-lent mettre en enquefte des felonies, qe lem lui mette fuire devant Juftices a la fuite le Roi, foient mys en la prifone forte & dure, come ceux qi re-fufent eftre a la commune ley de la terre. Mes ce neft mye a entendre pur prifons, qui font pris pur leger fufpecioun.

‘	|T is provided alfo,	That notorious Felons, and	Dyer	205..

‘	JL which openly be of	evil Name, and will not put	Kei.	70.

*	themfelves in Enquefts of Felonies, that Men mall 8H. 4.2.

‘ charge them with before the Juftices at the King’s ^	11	"

‘ Suit fhall have ftrong and hard lmprifonment, as they 2I ^d>' 3( gf ‘	which refufe to ftand	to the Common Law of the	Fitz.	Coron.

*	Land. But this is not	to be underftood of fuch Pri-	233.	2S3> 359*

‘ loners as be taken of light Sufpicion.’	2	Infl*I77>-

CAP. XIII.

The Puniftiment of him that doth ravifti a Woman.

*	AND the King prohibiteth that none do ravifh, ‘ jt\, nor take away by Force, any Maiden within

*	Age (neither by her own Confent, nor without) nor ‘ any Wife or Maiden of full Age, nor any other Wo-1 man againft her Will; (z) and if any do, at his Suit c that will fue within fourty Days, the King fhall do

*	common Right; (3) and if none commence his Suit c" within fourty Days, the King fhall fue ; (4) and fuch ‘ as be found culpable, fhall have two Years Imprifon-‘ ment, and after fhall fine at the King’s Pleafure; ‘ (5) and if they have not whereof, they fhall be pu-4 nifhed by longer lmprifonment, according as the

*	Trefpafs requireth.’

And farther, by 6 R. 2. fat, I. c. 6. which ordains the Penalties where a Woman confents. And fee 18 Eliz. c, 7. which takes away Clergy from this the, 4tb Sell, of thefame Stat* which makes it Felony without Clergy to have carnal Knowledge of a Woman Child, under ten Tears of Age.

ET le Roi defende qe nul ne ravife, ne preigne a force, damifelle dedeinz age, ne per fon gree, ne fauns fon gree, ne dame ne damoifelle dage, nautre femme malgre foen; Etfi nul le face, a la fuite celui qi fuera dedeinz les quarant jours, le Roi lui fra comune droiture ; & fi nul comence la fuite dedeinz quarant jours, le Roi fuiera; & ceux qil troveracoupables, fi averont la prifone de deux anns, & puis ferront reintz a la volunte le Roi; & fil neient dount eftre reintz a la volunte le Roi, fi foient puny per pluis longe prifone, felonc ceo qe le trefpas demajide.

22 Ed; 4. 22, Co. Lit. 123. b*. 2. Inft. 180a 12 Co. 37.

Hob, 9Z,

Altered by 13 Ed. 1. fiat.- it. c. 34. which' makes it Felony » Offence; Lihwife

CAP. XIV.

Appeal againft the Principal and Accefiary.

ET purceo qe lem ad ufe de utlager en afeuns pais les gentz appellez de comandement, force, eyde, & ce rettement [rccctteinent] dedeinz mefme le terme, qe homme doit utlager celuy qeft appelle del fait. Purveu eft & graunte per le Roi, qe nul foit utlage per apel de comaundement, force, eyde, & receitement, jefqz atant q.e lapele del faite foit atteint, iflint quhe mefme ley foit de ceo per toute la terre : mes celuy qi appele, ne lefle pas pur ceo dattachier fon appele al profehein Countee vers ceux, auxibien come vers les apelcz del fait; mes lexigende de eux demoerge, tant come les appellez del fait foient atteintz per utlagarie, ou, autre-ment..

“ A ND forafmuch as it hath been ufed in fome Co. 1. 9. f. ug. “ /i Counties to outlaw Perfons being appealed of Plowd. 97.

“ Commandment, Force, Aid, or Receipt within the 2 ^	21‘

cc fame Time that he which is appealed for the Deed,

“ is. outlawed;” ‘ It is provided and * commanded by 7 H. 4 36.

‘ the King, That none be outlawed upon Appeal of ’ For r Commandment, Force,. Aid, or Receipt, until' he ccl> readg,anted. c that is appealed of the Deed be attainted, fo that ‘ one like Law be ufed therein through the Realm :

‘ (z) Neverthelefs he that will fo appeal, .fhall not, by Fitz.'Coron.

*	reafon.of this, intermit or.leave off to commence his 10,	33.

*	Appeal at the next County againft them, no more ‘ than againft their Principals, which.he appealed of.

*	the Deed; but their Exigent fhall remain, until fuch Raft. pla. f. 42,

*	as be appealed of the Deed be attainted by Outlawry, 47> 48-

‘ or otherwife.’	i.-2.

CAP. XV.

Which Priloners be mainpernable, and which not. Tlie Penalty, for unlawful Bailment.

ET purcco qe les Vifcountes, & autres, qi ount . pris & detenuz en prifone gentz rettez de fe-lonie, neintfoits ount lellez per plevine la gent qe ne font mie replevifables, & ount detenuz en prifone ceux qe eftoient replcvifables, per achefon de ganer de eux, Si de graver les autres. Et purceo qavant ces houres ne fuift mie termine certeine-ment queux feurent replevifables, & queux non.

“ AND forafmuch as. Sheriffs, and other, which what foit of “	have taken and kept in Prifon Perfons detedled Offenders be

“ of Felony, and incontinent have let out by Replevin ",P|t=mainpem~ “■ fuch as were not replevifaBle, and have kept in PH- ,1-4,

“ fon fuch as were replcvifable, becaufe they would J92> 263-.'

“ gain of the one party, and grieve the other; (2)

“ and forafmuch as before this Time it was not deter- Br0. Mainprife: “ mined which Perfons were replevifable, and which ir, 56,7sv.

‘ 'not.

C. 16.

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1275.

1, 39, 4°-Bro. Al linprife,

54, 5-. 59- c°<

75) 78, 9'•

11 Co. 29.

Bro, AUin. 6. 9, rg, 22, 50, 4S, 50, C,, 53, 58, 63, 64, 73, 91. 9 > 97-

-What fort of Offenders be rrainpernable,

2	Bn)Hr, 328.

3	Bulftr, 313.

“ not, but only thofe that were taken for the Death of “ Man, or by Commandment of the King, or of his •Fitz. Mainprifc, “ Juflices, or for the Foreft;” (3) ‘It is provided, and by the King commanded, That fuch Prifoners as before were outlawed, and they which have abjured the Realm, Provors, and fuch as be taken with theManour, and thofe which have broken the King’s Prifon, Thieves openly defamed and known, and fuch as be appealed by Provors, fo long as the Provors be living (if they be not of good Name) and fuch as be taken for Houfe-burning felonioufly done, or for falfe Money, or for counterfeiting the King’s Seal, or Perfons excommunicate, taken at the Re-queft of the Bifhop, or for manifeft Offences, or for Treafon touching the King himfelf, fhall be in no wife replevifable by the common Writ, nor without Writ: 0) But fuch as be indicted of Larceny, by Enquefts taken before Sheriffs or Bailiffs by their Office, or of light Sufpicion, dr for Petty Larceny that amounteth not above the Value of stiid. if they were not guilty of fome other Larceny aforetime, or guilty of Receipt of Felons, or of Commandment, or Force, or of Aid in Felony done; or guilty of fome other Trefpafs, for which one ought not to lofe Life nor Member, and a Man appealed by a Provor after the Death of the Provor (if he be no common Thief, nor defamed) fhall from henceforth be let out by fuf-ficient Surety, whereof the Sheriff will be anfwera-ble and that without giving ought of their Goods.

(5)	And if the Sheriff, or any other, let any go at large by Surety, that is not replevifable, if he be Sheriff or Conftable or any other Bailiff’ of Fee, which hath keeping of Prifons, and thereof be attainted, he final] lofe his Fee and Office for ever.

(6)	And if the Under-Sheriff’, Conffable, or Bailiff of fuch as have Fee for keeping of Prifons, do it contrary to the Will of his Lord, or any other Bailiff' being not of Fee, they fhall have three Years Imprifonment, and make P ine at the King’s Plea-fure. (7) And if any withhold Prifoners replevifable, after that they have offered fufficient Surety, lie fhall pay a grievous Amerciament to the King; (8) and if he take any Reward for the Deliverance of fuch, he fhall pay double to the Prifoner, and alfo fhall be in the great Mercy of the King.’

The Penalty for unlawful IVIa.nprife,

Enforced by 27 c Ed. I.fat, i, (

3-	c

See 3 H. 7. <r. 3.

giving Paver to c Jufliccs of Peace <■ co let Prifoners to < Sail. And 1 c 2 Pb. fif M.

c. 13. giving^ C farther Directions c to Jucb Juflices. i Likenv'tje 31 Car. c 2. c. 2.	7.	for

Cotton MS. fors pris ceux qeftoient pris pur mort de bomme, ou per comaundement le Roi, ou de fes Juftiees, ou per la forefte : Purveu eft, & comaunde per la Roi, qe les prifons qi font avant utlagez, & ceux qi eient forjure la terre, provurs, ceux qi font pris ove mainoevre, ceux qiount depefche la prifone le Roi, larons apertement efcriez & notoires, & ceux qe font appeliez de provurs taunt come le provur vift, & fils ne foient de bone fame, & ceux qi font pris pur atfoun felonufement fait, ou pur faux monoye, ou faufours du feal le Roi, ou efcomegne pris per prierc Levefque, ou per aperte malvete, ou trefoil qe touche le Roi meftnes, ne foient en nul manere replevifables per le comune brief, ne fanz brief: mes ceux qi fount enditez de larcine per enqueffes des Vilcontes ou de Bailiffs prifes de lour offices, ou per leger fufpecion, ou per petit larcine, qe ne amente outre la value de xii. deni-ets, ft ne foit rette de autre larcine avant celle heure, ou rette de recettement des felouns, ou de comandement, ou de la force, ou del eide de felo-nie fait; ou rettedautre trefpas pur la quele homme ne doit perdre vie, ne membre; Et homme appele de provour puis la mort le provour, fils [ne] foient aperte larons efcriez, foient deforemes leffez pur fuffifant plevin, dont le Vifcount voile refpoundre, & ceo faunz rein doner de lour. Et ff Vifeountes, ou autres, leffent per plevin nul qe ne foit replevifable, fi ceft Vifcounte, Coneftable, ou autre Bail-lif de fee & qe eit garde des prifons, & de ceo foit atteint, perde la fee & la bailie a touz jours ; & fi fouz-vifeounte, Coneftable, ou Baillif, celui qui a tiel fee pur garder' les prifons, eit ceo fait faunz la volunte fon fegnur, ou autre baillif qene foit de fee, eit la prifone de trois anns, Si foit reint a la volunte le Roi. Et fi nul deteigne les prifons re, plevifable, puis qe le prifon eit offert fuffifaunte feurete, il ferra en la greve mercye le Roi; &fil preigne lower pur la deliverer, il rendra le double al prifon, Si enfement ferra en la greve mercye le Roi.

lading Perfons committed for Treafon or Felony, and not indiSlcd the next Term. The Penalty for detaining a Prifoner that 15 mainpernable. 2 Inft. 1S4.

CAP. XVI.

None fliall diftram out of his Fee, not drive the Diftrefs out of the County.

A Ciftrefs fhall not be driven out of the County.

I H. 5. 3. Enforced and . amended by z P. & M. c. 12. u.’hub dircCls •where Difirejfes Jball It impounded.

* Not in Original.

I rung out of his Fee, fa •tber Prw\Ji:ni

“ T N right thereof, that fome Perfons take, and caufe “ J. to be taken, the Beads of other, chafing them “ out of tile Shire where the Beads were taken ;” ‘ it ‘ is provided a’lfo, That none from henceforth do fo;

‘ (2) and if any do, he fhall make a grievous Fine, as ‘ is contained in the Statute of Marlebridge, made in ‘ the Time of King Henry, Father to the King that ‘ now is. (3) And likewife it fhall be done to them ‘ which take Bcafts * wrongfully, and diffrain out of ‘ their Fee, and fhall he more grievoufly punifhed, if ‘ the Manner of the Trefpafs do fo require.’

lnft. 19J.	7	H.	7,	f.	I.	52 H. 3. c. 4. Regift. 183. See likewife

with regard to - ijlrcjjcs*

If;- N droit de ceo qe afeuns gentz pernent, St JlL prendre fount les averes des autres, & les eha-cent hors del Countee ou les averes font pris; purveu eft qe nul deforemes ne le face ; Si ff nul le fait, foit reint grevement felonc eecrqe eft contenuz en les clits eftatutz de Marie Urge, faite al temps le Roi Henry, pierle Roi qoer eft: Si per mefme la manere foit fait de ceux qui pernent les averes, Si qe font deftreffe en autre fee, & pluis grevement foient puniz, fcloncceo qe le trefpas demaunde.

2 W. & M. fijf, 1. ci 5.	8	Ann.	f.	14.	11	Ceo.	2.	c.	19. containing

4

C A P.

A.D. 1275

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

C. 17, 18

47

CAP. XVII.

The Remedy if the Diftrefs be impounded in a Caftle or Fortrefs.

Cotton MS.

PUrveu eft enfement, qe fi nul deforemes preigne les averes des autres, & les face chacer al Chattel ou al forcelette, & illeoqes dedeinz clos del Chattel, ou de la forcelette, les deteigne encoun-tre gage & plegge, puis qe les averes ferront fo-lempnement demandez per le Vifcounte ou per le Baillif le Roi; a la fuite del pleintif, qe le Vifcounte ou le Baillif prile ov luy poyer de fon Coun-tee, ou de fa baillie, voit affaier de faire le plevin des averes a celuy ae pris les averes, ou a fon Seig-nur, ou as autres des hommes fon Seignur qecon-ques foit trove al leu, ou les averes furont encha-cez; & ft lem luy deforce la deliveraunce des averes, ou qe ne trove homme pur le Seignur, ou per celui qi les avera pris, quen refpoigne & face la deliveraunce, apres ceo qe le Seignour al pernour, per Vifcounte ou per Baillif en ferra amoneftee, ftl eft en pais, ou pres, ou qil purra per le pernour, ou per autre des foens covenablement eftre garny de faire la deliveraunce, ftl fuift hors de cel pais, quant la pris fuift fait, & ne face adonqes mainte-nant les averes deliverer, qe le Roi pur le difpit, & pur le .trefpas, face abatre le Chaftel, ou le forcelette faunz relever; & toute le damage qe le pleintif avera refceu de fes averes, ou da fon gainage deftourbe, ou en autre manere, puis le primer de-maunde des averes faite per le Vifcounte ou" per le Baillif, lui foient reftorez au double de celui qe les averes avera pris, ftl ad de quo!; & ftl nad de quoi, eit del Seignur quele houre, & en quele manere la deliveraunce foit fait, apres ceo qe le Vifcounte ou le Baillif y ferra venue pur la deliverance faire. Et fait affavoir, qe la ou le Vifcounte devera faire retourne del brief le Roi al Baillif le Seignur del Chaftel, ou de la forcelette ou autre, a qi retourne del brief le Roi a ceo appent, fi le Baillif de cele fraunchife ne face la deliverance, puis qil avera le retourne, face le Vifcount fon office faunz delate, ficome il eft avantdit, & fur lavantdite peyne: & per mefme la manere foit faite la deliverance per attachement de pleint fait faunz brief, & fur mefme la peyne. Et ceo fait a entendre per tout la, ou le brief le Roi court. Et fi ceo eft en la mar-che de Gales, ou aillours la ou le brief le Roi ne court mye, le Roi, qi eft foveraine feignur, enfra droit a ceux qe plcindre fe voudront...

T is provided alfo. That if any from henceforth take the Beads of other, and caufe them to be driven into a Caftle or Fortrefs, and there within the Clofe of fuch Caftle or Fortrefs do withhold them againft Gage and Pledges, whereupon the Beads be folemnly demanded by the Sheriff, or by fome other Bailiff of the King’s; at the Suit of the Plaintiff, the Sheriff or Bailiff, taking with him the Power of the Shire or Bailiwick, do affay to make Replevin of the Beads from him that took them, or from his Lord, or from other, being Servants of the Lord (whatfoe-ver they be) that are found in the Place whereunto the Beads were chafed; if any deforce him of the Deliverance of the Beafts, or that no Man be found for the Lord, or for him that took them, for to an-fwer and make the Deliverance, after fuch time as the Lord or Taker (hall be admonifhed to make Deliverance by the Sheriff or Bailiff, if he be in the Countrey, or near, or there whereas he may be conveniently warned by the Taker, or by any other of his to make Deliverance; (z) if he were out of the Countrey when the taking was, and did not caufe the Beafts to be delivered incontinent, that the King, for the Trefpafs and Defpite, (hall caufe the faid Caftle or Fortrefs to be beaten down without Recovery ; (3) and all the Damages that the Plaintiff hath-fuftained in his Beafts, or in his Gainure, or any otherwife (after the firft Demand made by the Sheriff or Bailiff) of the Beafts, (hall be reftored to him double * by the Lord, or by him that took the Beafts, if he have whereof; (4) and if he have not whereof, he (hall have it of the Lord, at what time, or in what manner the Deliverance be made, after that the Sheriff or Bailiff (hall come to make Deliverance; (5) and it is to wit, that where the Sheriff ought to return the King’s Writ to the Bailiff of the Lord of the Caftle or Fortrefs, or to any other, to whom the Return belongeth, if the Bailiff of the Franchife will not make Deliverance after that the Sheriff hath made his Return unto him, then (hall the Sheriff do his Office without further Delay, f and upon the fore-faidPains: (6) And in like manner Deliverance (hall be made by Attachment of Plaint made without Writ, and upon the fame Pain. (7) And this is to be intended in all Places where the King’s Writ lieth. (8) And if that be done in-the Marches of Wales, or in any oilier Place, where the King’s Writs be not current, the King, which is Sovereign Lord over all, (hall do Right there unto fuch as will, complain.’

3-c.;.

£r 2i.

See 13 Ed. i. flat. 1. c. 39. giving Directions * to Sheriffs in cafe • they find Refifi~ ante.

Regift. 85.

2Inft,192, •

* 'Not in the Original.

ANonomittas • to the Sheriff, if the Bailiff do not execute the Writ.

52 H. 3. .c, 21*.

'f’ Add as is oforefaid, and ■ upon,

Marches of ' Wales.

CAP. XVIII.

Who (hall aflefs the common Fines of the County.

P;UR ceo qe la commune fine & amerciement de toute le Countee en Eire des Juftices per faux jugementz, ou per autre trefpas, eft affis per Vifcountes & Barettours des countees "malement, iffint qe la fomme eft meintfoitz encru, & les par-celles autrement affis qeftre ne deuffent, al damage del poeple, & plufours foitz font paiez a Vifcountes Barettours, qe point ne les acquitent ; purveu eft, & voet le Roi, qe deiormes en Eire des Juftices

“ «7 Orafmuch as the common Fine and Amerciament juftices In Eyrci--“ SP of the whole County in Eyre of the Juftices “ for falfe Judgments, or for other Trefpafs, is un--“ juftly affeffed by Sheriffs and Baretors in the Shires,

“ fo that the Sum is many Times increafed, and the “ Parcels otherwife affeffed than they ought to be, to “ the Damage of the People, which be many Times .

<£ paid to the Sheriffs and Baretors, which do not ac-“ quit the Payers j” ‘ (z) it is provided, and the King

s wiils>,

C.

i9i

20*

Anno tertio EdwardiI.

A. D.

*275-

i, lnft. 196. i Co. 39.

wills. That from henceforth fuch Sums fhall be af-felTed before the Juftices in Eyre, afore their Departure, by the Oath of Knights and other honeftMen, upon all fuch as ought to pay; (3) And the Juftices fhall caufe the Parcels to be put into their Eftreats, which fhall be delivered up unto the Exchequer, and not the whole Sum.’

Cotton MS. devant eux a lour departir, foit celle fomme aflife per ferement des chivalers Sc des prodes hommes, fur touz ceux qeftre deveront; & Juftices facent mettre les parceles en lour eftretes, qils liveront al Efchequer, Sc non pas la fomme totale.

C A P. XIX.

A Sheriff having received the King’s Debt, fhall difcharge the Debtor.

* inft. 197.

A Sheriff having received the * King’s Debt,	c

fhall difcharge c the Debtor.	c

5i H. 3. (tat. 4. (

C

Procefs for levying of the King’s Debt fhall be ihewed to the Debtor. Enforced by 42. Ed. 3. c. 9. and 7 H. 4. c. 3.

Regtft. So, 11 t . 1 Raft. 631, ^c.

2Inft.198,200. Kcl. 39, 202. Dyer 233. c 7 Ed 3. J o.

9 H. 6. 2.

5 H. 5. ..

19 H. 8 9.

3 H. 6. 21.

21 H. 7. 21.

3 3 M. 7. 10,12.

1	r . Barre, 83. K .-.I’.v. 114. b.

2	Ed. 4. 4. b.

IS N Right of the Sheriffs, or other, which anfwer 8 by their own Hands unto the Exchequer, and which have received the King’s Father’s Debts, .or the King’s own Debts before this Time, and have not acquitted the Debtors in the Exchequer; (a) it is provided, That the King fhall fend good and lawful Men through every Shire, to hear all fuch as will complain thereof, and to determine the Matters there, (3) that all fuch as can prove that they have paid, fhall be thereof acquitted for ever (whether the Sheriffs or other be living or dead) in a certain Form that fhall be delivered them ; (4) and fuch as have not fo done (if they be living) fhall be grievoufly pu-nifhed ; (3) and if they be dead, their Heirs fhall anfwer, and be charged with the Debt. (6) And the King hath commanded, that Sheriffs and other afore-faid, fhall from henceforth lawfully acquit the Debtors at the next Accompt after they have received fuch Debts; and then the Debt fhall be allowed in the Exchequer, fo that it fhall no more come in the Summons; (7) and if the Sheriff otherwife do, and thereof be attainted, he fhall pay to the Plaintiff thrice as much as he hath received, and {hall make Fine at the King’s Pleafure. (8) And let every Sheriff take heed, that he have fuch a Receiver, for whom he will anfwer ; for the King will be recompenfed of all, of the Sheriffs and their Heirs. (9) And if any other, that is anfwerable to the Exchequer by his own Hands fo do, he fhall render thrice fo much to the Plaintiff, and make Fine in like manner. (10) And that the Sheriffs fhall make Tallies to all fuch as have paid their Debt to the King ; (1 () and that the Summons of the Exchequer be {hewed to all Debtors that demand a Sight thereof, without denying to any, and that without taking any Reward, and without giving any Thing ; and he that doth contrary, the King fhall punilh him grievoufly.’

N droit des Vifcountes, ou autres, qi refpoig-,

____ nent per lour meyns al F.fcheqer, kc qe ount

refeeu de les dettes fe Roi Henry, pier le Roi qore eft, ou les dettes le Roi mefmes avant ces heurs, Sc qi ncunt mye les dettes aqitez al Efche-qer; purveu eft, qe le Roi envoiera bones gentz per touz les Countees, a oier touz ceux qe de ceo pleindre fe voudrount, & a terminer iffint la bu-foigne; qe ceux qe purront monftrer qils eient -iffint paiez, a touz jours on ferront quitez, les quele qe les Vifcountes, ou les aytres ferront mortz ou vifs, en certeine forme que lour ferra bailie ; Sc ceux qe iffint naveront fait, fils foient en vie, ferront puniz grevement; & fils foient mortz, lour heirs refpoignent, Sc foient chargez de la dette. Et comaunde ad le Roi, qe le Vifcountes Sc les autres avantdites, deforemes loial-ment acquitest les dettours al profehein accounte puis qils averont la dette refeeu ; Sc adonqes foit la dette allowe al Efcheqer, iffint qe mes ne viegne cn fomons ; Sc fi Vifcount autrement le face, & de ceo foit atteint, fi rendra al pleintif le treble de ceo qil avera de lui refeeu, Sc foit reint a la volunte le Roi : Sc bien fe garde chefcun, qil eit tiel refeeivour, pur qi il voudra refpoundre, qar le Roi fe prendra de tout as Vifcountes, & a lour heirs; Sc fi autre qe refpounde per fa mein al Efcheqer le face, fi rende le double [treble] al pleintif, & foit reint en mefme la manere. Etqe les Vifcountes facent tailles a touz ceux, qi les paieront le dette le Roi; & qe la fomons de la Efcheqer as touz les dettours, qui demaundre vou-dront la veue, lour facent monftrer faunz veir la a nulluy, Sc ceo fanz rien doner ; & qi ne le fra, le Roi fe prendra a lui grevoufement.

CAP. XX.

Offences committed in Parks and Ponds.

JT is provided alfo for Trefpaflers in Parks and 1 Ponds, That if any be thereof attainted at the Suit of the Party, great and large Amends fhall be award- [ ed according to theTrefpafs, and ftiall have three Years Imprifonment, and after fhall make Fine at the King’s Pleafure (if he have whereof) and then fhall find good Surety, that after he ftiall not commit like Trefpafs; (zj and if he have not whereof to make Fine, after three Years Imprifonment, he ftiall find like Surety; and if he cannot find like Surety, he {hall abjure the Realm ; (•;) and if any being guilty thereof be fugitive, and have no Land nor Tenement fufficient (whereby he may be jufti-; fied) fo foon as the King ftiall find it by Enqueft, he

Robbing of tame Beads in a Park.

Urveu eft des mesfefours des parkes Sc de vivres, qe ft nul foit de ceo atteint per la fuite le pleintif, foient agardez bones & hautes amendes, fe-lonc la manere del trefpas, Sc la prifone de trois amis, Sc de illcoqes foit reint a la volunte le Roi, fil ad dount eftre iffit reint, Sc lors trove bone feu-rete, qe mes ne mes face; Sc fil nad dount eftre reint apres la prifone de trois anus, trove mefme lafeuite; Sc fil ne poet trover la feurte, forjure cell: roialmc ; Et fi nul de ceo rettez foit futif, Sc ne eit terre ne tenement fuffifant, per quoi il poet eftre juftice ; fi toft come le Roi avera ceft trove per bone enquefte, foit demande de Countee en Countee ; Sc fil ne voet venir, foit utlage. Et

purveu

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

C. 2 1, 22.

49

Cotton MS. purveu & acorde eft enfement, qe fi nul ne fuift dedeinz lan Sc le jour puis Ie trefpas faite,t le Roi aver,a la fuite; & ceux qil trova rettez dc ceo per bone enquefte, ferrount puniz per mefme la manere cn touz pointz, -fioorne' defuis eft dit. Et fi nuf tiel mesfefour foit atteint, qil eit prfs en ces parkes- beftes damages, [dotnefcbcs] ou autre chofe eil manere de roberie, en venaunt, ou demurant, ou en retournant, foit fait de luycomune ley qe aliert a celiiy qi eft atteint dap'ert roberie & larcine. auxibien a la fuite le Roi, come dautre.

And fee 1 H. 7, c. 7. which makes bunting in Parks difguifed, Felony.

•not ftar.d to the King's Peace j 3 TV. & M. c. ic. §.5, and 4^5 IV Manors and Game-Keepers*

C A P. XXI

e fhall be proclaimed from County to County; and if ‘ he come not, .he (hall be out-Uwed. (4) It is pro-c vided alfo and agreed1. That if none do fue within a ‘ Year and a Day for the Trefpafs done, the King * fhall have the Suit; (5) and fitch as be found guilty ‘ thereof by lawful Enqueft, fhall bepunifhed in like £ manner in all Points as above is faid. (6) And if any £ fuch Trefpaffer be attainted, that he hatli taken tame £ Beafts, or other Thing, in the Parks, by Manner £ of Robbery, in coming, tarrying, or returning, let ‘ the Common Lav/ be executed upon him, "as upon 9H, 3. fiat. 2. u him that.is attainted of open Theft and Robbery, as c-,10’ >'• ic well at the Suit of the King, as of the Party.?	Altered by 1 Ed.

03	1	3.	fiat.	1. c. 8.

See likewife 21 Ed. 1. flat. 2. making it lawful to kill Mafcfd&ors in Parks if they null . c. 23’ §. 4 * extending the Law to enc/ofed Grounds where Deer are kept9 and to Lords of

No Wafte fhall be made in Wards Lands; nor in Bifhops, during the Vacation.

ENdroit des terres des heirs-deinz age, qi font | en la garde lours feignurs ; purveu eft, qe le zardeins les gardent, Sc lour fqftenent, faunz de-iu'uftioh faire en toute rien ; & qe de cele manere des gardes foit fait en touz points, felonc ceo qil. eft contenu en la graunde Chartere des fraunchjfes le Roi Henry,, pier le Roi qore eft, Sc qe iftint foit ufee'.deforemes : Sc per mefme la.manere foient gardes le® Erchevefqes, Evefqes, Abbeys, Eglifes, Sc Dignitees, en temps de vacation,-'	...	j

‘ | N Right of Lands of Heirs being within Age,Efl). Wpfl>

£ I which be in Ward of their Lords ; it is provided, 37,4.9,6s’ 107, £ That .the Guardians fhall keep and fuftain the Land, 137.

£ without making Deftruftion of any Thing; (z) and.Co- Lit- 54-‘ that of fuch Manner of Wards fhall be done in -alliBro. Waft, 58.

‘ Points, as is contained in the.great Charter of Liber- •Rlyl!J- w

*	ties made in the Time of King Henry, Father to 2 jj f

£ the King that now is,’ and t,hat it be fo ufed from	'	''

£ henceforth'. (3) And in the fame Manner fhall E»fimd[.y6V.J.

*	Archbilhopricks, Biftiopricks, Abbacies, Churches, 1. tot. i.'c. 5.

£ and all fpiritiial Dignities, be kept,in Time of Va-‘ cation.’	■	•

:ng Wafte.

2lEd« l.jftat. 3vc. 18.

. 1 1 s\.	•	i	t	*-

. 36 Ed. 3 *.

J* Add ft at.

CrA P.. XXII.

13 Ed. x. flat. r. c.‘ 14. 20 Ed 1.

*	A	ft at 2. concern-

Obf. by the 12 Car. 2. c. 24. as to Wardjhip by reafitt of 'Tenure. I. c. 13.

■n;r ■: i

The Penalty of an Heir marrying without Confent of his Guardian, A Woman Ward.

. E S heirs mariez dedeinz age, faunz le gree

____Clour gardeins, avant qils eient paft'e lage de

xiiii. annz, foit fait felonc ceo qeft cohtenue en la purveance de Merton,:- & de ccuxqi ferront m;i-riez faunz le gree lour gardeins, puis qils averont paffe xiiii. annz, le .gardein cit la double value de fon mariage,' felonc le tenour'de mefme la purve- ' anceSc eftre ceo ceux qaveront fuftret la mariage, rendent le droite value del mariage au gardein pur le trefpas, Sc ja le meins le Roi eit les amendes, felonc mefme cele purveance. Des heirs femeles, puis qe eles averont complie lage dc xiiii. annz, Sc le Scignur, a qi le mariage apent, cele ne vou-dra marier, nies pur coveteife de la terre cele vou-dra tenir de marier; purveu eft, qe lc Seignur ne puis aver, ne tenir, per achcfon del mariage, les terres a- ceux heirs fcme’is outre deux annz apres ie terme les avantditz xiiii. anns: et ft les Seig-nurs dedeinz ces deux annz ne les marient, don-qes eient -eles aclion de recoverir lour heritage quitement, faunz rien doner pur la garde, ou pur la mariage : & fi eles per malice, ou per malveis counfeil, ne fe voillcut pour iour chief Seignur marier, ou eles ne foient defparagez, qe.les Seig-nurs tiegnent la terre Sc leritage jelqe al age del male, celt.allavoir, de xxi. annz. Sc outre, taunt qils eient pris la value .del mariage.

F Heirs married within Age, without the Con- 2 inft/202. fent of-thefr Guardians, afore that they be paft c‘°- EJ. 460. the Age of fourteen Years, it fhall be done accorA'a''Mer" "’ c ding.as it is contained in th.e Statute of Merton. (2) 20 ' cal’i c And of them that fhall ;be married-without the Con-‘ fent of their Guardians, after they be paft the Age of c fourteen Years, the Guardian fhall have the double ‘

‘ Value of their Marriage, after the Tenour of the c fame Aft. (3) Moreover, fuch as have withdrawn ‘ their Marriage, fhall pay the full Value thereof unto c their Guardian for the Trefpafs, and nevcrthelefs the ‘ King fhall have like Amends, according to the fame cc. K.it. 262.

‘ Aft, * of him that hath fo withdrawn. (4) And of ■* nfli-fh ‘ Heirs Females, after they have acconiplifhed the Age'p*8^'*; ','rc rM * of fourteen Years, and the Lord (to whom the ‘ riage belongeth) will not marry them, but for Co->pr;',5’i*fij.mbe ‘ vetife of the Land will keep them unmarried; it is’oai oi Yvarft.-£ provided, That the Lord fhall not have nor keep, by ‘ Reafon of Marriage, the Lands of fuch Heirs Fe-£ males, more than two Years after theTerni of the £ faid fourteen Years. (5) And if the Lord within the- 'A'

£ faid two Years do not marry them, then fhall they £ have an Aftion to recover their Inheritance quit,

£ without giving any Thing for their Ward-hip, or c their Marriage. (6) And if they of Malice, or by T!,5. pfRaA of ‘.evil Counfcl, will 'not be married.-by--their chief Lrrds-f ly[ft

Voi.

(where they fhall not b.e difparrigeft) then .their Lords ‘.-may hold.their.Land.and.Inheritance .until theyhavci-iu. Card. 59.

‘ .accompliflrqd .the Age of an-Heir.’Male, (hut is.'i)’?'.

£ wit, .of-One and ,twemy:Y4ars,'• ahil ,fukther-.umilmi"- Card*s-’>

‘. they.have.taken tbe.VHue.of.the:I\f?tjiiage.’..,T	161.

Sit 53 EJ. 1. tot, I. c, 35. ftr the Pitniftmm of taVingawtty a Ward. Obf. by uCar, 2. c. 24. -io/jfii-akdij&cs iTerifuif bs 'Ttmrt.

H	CAP.	'

C. 23—27

Anno tertio Edwardi I

A. D. 1275

CAP. XXIII.

None fhall be diftrainr.d for a Debt that he oweth not.

A Stranger ftiall net be didrained for Debt.

2 Inft. zod.

4 IT is provided alfo, 4 A Town, Market,

That in no City, Borough, or Fair, there be no Foreign Perfon (which is of this Realm) diftrained for any Debt wherefore he is not Debtor or Pledge ; and whofoever doth it, fhall be grievoufly punifhed, and without Delay the Diftrefs fhall be delivered unto him by the Bailiffs of the Place, or by the King’s Bailiffs, if need be.’

Cotton MS-lUrveu eft enfement, qen Citee, Burgh, Ville,-Foire, ne Marchee, ne foit nul homme fo— rein, qe foit de ceft roialme, deftreint pur dette, dont il ne foit dettour ou plegge ; St qi le fra, ferra grevement puniz, St faunz delaie foit la deftrefle delivere per Ies Baillifs del lieu, ou per autre Bail-lif le Roi, ft mieftcr [mejlier] eft.

C A P. XXIV.

The Remedy if an Officer of the King do difirife any.

See 1 R. 2. c. 9.

ccrcerning Alienations made after Dffejfn,

| T i3 provided alfo, That no Efcheator, Sheriff, ¥ nor other Bailiff of the King, by Colour of his Office, without fpecial Warrant, or Commandment, or Authority certain pertaining to his Office, diffeife any Man of his Freehold, nor of any T hing belonging to his Freehold; (2) and if any do, it fhall be at the Eledfion of the Diffeifce, whether that the King by Office fhall caufe it to be amended at his Complaint, or that he will fue at the Common Law by a Writ of Novel diffeiftn-, 0) and he that is attainted thereof fhall pay double Damages to the Plaintiff, and fhall be grievoufly amerced unto the King.’

PUrveu eft enfement, qe nul Efchetour, Vifi-count, nautre Baillif le Roi, per colour de fon office, faunz efpecial garraunt, ou comaunde-ment, ou certein audiorite qapent a fon office, ne diffeife nul [frankJ homme de fon frank tenement, [ne de chafe qr.ppent a fon frank tenement; ] Sc ft nul le face, foit cn la volunte le ciffeifi, qe le Roi de fon office le face amendre per fa pleint, ou qil eit commune ley per brief de novell diffeiftn; St celui qi ferra de ceo atteint, rendra les damages au double mefme le pleintif, St ferra en la greve mercy le Roi,

a Inft, 260*.

# Read 2q5.

cap. xxv.

None fhall commit Champerty, to have Part of the Thing in Queftion.

*	VTO Officer of the King by themftlves, nor by 4 jLNI other, fhall maintain Pleas, Suits, or Matters

*	hanging jn the King’s Courts, for Lands, Tene-‘ ments, or other Things, for to have Part or Profit 4 thereof by Covenant made between them ; and he ‘ that doth, fhall be punifhed at the King’s Pleafure.’.

9 H. 7. 18.

15 H. 7. z.

Regift. 182.

Raft. 119.

2 lnft. 297.

See c. 28.

Enforced by

13 Ed. 1. ftat. I. c. 49.	28	Ed.	1

fhall be made at the Affixes,.

* Add Stat. 3. c. II.

NUlle Mihiftre le Roi ne maintene per lui, ne per autre, Ies plees, paroles, ou bufoignes, qe fount en la Court le Roi, des terres, tene-mentz, ou des autres chofes, pur aver part de ceo, ou autre profit per covenant fait j Sc qi le fray, foit puny a la volunte le Roi.

33 Ed. j. flat, f 3. And fee 31 H. 8 *f- Read fat, 2	3.

CAP.

9. ordaining that Proclamation of the Statutes of Maintenance and Champerty

XXVI.

None of the King’s Officers fhall commit Extortion.

Co. Lit. 308.

2 Inft. 209,

See infra j c, 2 7 Cf 30.

See 23 H. 6.

c. 9*£f IO. fer

ND that no Sheriff, nor other the King’s Officer, take any Reward to do his Office, but fhall be paid of that which they take of the King; and he that fo doth, fhall yield twice as much, and fhall be punifhed at the King’s Pleafure.’

ET qe null ViTcount, nautre Minifire le Roi, ne preigne lower pur faire fon office, mes foient paie de ceo qil pernent del Roi; Sc qil le fra, rendra le double, & ferra puny a la volunte le-Roi.

the Penalty on Sheriffs taking more than their Fees, or levying more than is due for Wages of Knights of Parliament.	28	H.	6.	c.	5. for Penalty cn Officers of the-

Cufiems making -wrongful Diftrefs. I Jac. 3. c. 10. againf Referees of a Court taking Money for their Report. And 3 Geo. x. c, 15,	13. for Penalty on Sheriffs

taking Fees for levying the King'* Debts.

CAP. XXVII.

Clerks of Officers fhall not commit Extortion.

AND that no Clerk of any Jufticer, Efcheator, or Enquiror, fhall take any Thing for delivering Chapiters, but only Clerks of Juftices in their Circuits, and that iir. and no more, (2) of every Wapentake, Hundred, orTown, that arifwereth by Twelve, or by Six, according as it hath been ufed of

ET qe nul Clerc de Juftice, Defchetour, on Denquerour, nul rien ne preigne pur liverer chapitres, hors pris foulemervt clercs des Juftices errauntz en lour Eire, Sc ceo ii- foulds, & nient plus, de chefcun Wapentak, Hundred, ou Ville, qe refpound per xii. ou per vi. felonc ceo qe aun-

cienement

A. D> 1275.

Anno tertio Ed ward 1 I.

C. 28—30.	51

Cotton MS. eienement feud ufce j & qi autrement le fra, ren-dra le treble de ceo qil avera pris, & perdra le fer-vice fott feignur per un an

‘ old Time; (3) and he that doth contrary (hall pay 4 Thrice fo much as he hath taken, and (hall lofc the 4 Service of his Mafter for one Year.’

•t Inft. z 10.

Sec.13 Ed. 1. c. 44. for Punijhment on Officers of the Courts taking more than their Fees, And fee the References to the foregoing CLa[ ter,

CAP. XXVIII.

Clerks (hall not commit Maintenance *.

‘ AND that none of the King’s Clerks, nor of any T}l(,re 4 P\. Jufticer, from henceforth (hall receive the Prc-no Maintenance 4 fentment of any Church, for the which any Plea or of any Matter 4 Debate is in the King’s Court, without fpecial Li- Pe.n?\nB in the 4 cence of the King ; and that the King forbiddeth, Kl"3 4 upon Pain to lofe the Church, and nis Service :

4 And that no Clerk of any Jufticer, or SherifF, take 4 Part in any Quarrels of Matters depending in the 4 King’s Court, nor (hall work any Fraud, whereby 4 common Right may be delayed or difturbed; and if Regift. i8s,j89. 4 any fo do, he (hall be punilhed by the Pain aforefaid, ,I9» 4-7. 4 or more grievoufly, if the Trefpafs do fo require.’ &c‘

ET que null Clerc le Roi, ne de fes Juftices, ne refeeive deforemes prefentement defglife, dount plei ou contek foit en la Court le Roi, faunz efpecial congie le Roi; & ceo defend il fur

5cine de perdre fon fervice: Et que nul Clerc de uftice, ne de Vifcont, ne mainteigne parties en quereles, nen bufoignes qe font en la Court le Roi, ne fraude ne face, pur commune droiture delaier ou deftourber ; & ft nul le fait, il ferra puny per la peine profeheinement avaunt dite, ou per plus grevous, fi le trefpas le requert.

/v»-	/vnoifAiilItr	1 f f ho ' 1 ro(r»<i4p H n	ranniro '

Enforced by

<3 Ed. i.ffat. t. e. 49. 28 Ed. i.ffat. 3. c. 11.	33	Ed. i.ftat. 2	3. I Ed. 3. flat. 2. c. 14. 4 Ed. 3. c.u. 20 Ed. 3. c* 4. and 1 R. 2. 0,4. which

provides Penalties againf Maintcnors, Add 32 H. 8. c, 9, againff Braccry and buying of 'Pities, which farther enforces the Statutes againfl Maintenance«

# It is obfervable that the Offences of Maintenance and Champerty are often confounded, and indiferiminately ufed, but Champerty fignifes a Bar• gain with the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Suit to have Part of the Land, Debt, or other Pbing on Suit, if the Party that undertakes it prevails therein. Maintenance is the unlawful upholding a Caufe or Pcrfon, or the buying of pretended Rights to Lands, &c. Every Champerty, as Lord Coke cbfcrves, is Maintenance $ but every Maintenance is not Champerty ; For Champerty is but a Species of Maintenance, which is the Genus,

CAP. XXIX.

The Penalty of a Serjeant or Pleader committing Deceit.

)>Urveu eft enfement, qe ft nul ferjaunt, Count [Cauntre] ou autre, face nule manere de de-ceite, ou de collufion en la Court le Roi, ou con-fente de faire la en deceite de la Court, & pur en-giner la court, ou la partie, & dc ceo foit atteint; lors eit la prifone dun an & dun jour, & mes nc foit oic cn la Court a counter per nulluy. Et ft ceo eft autre que countour, per mefme la manere eit la prifone dun an & dun jour a tout le meins ; & ft lc trefpas demaunde greivoure peine, foit a la volunte le Roi.

c> 4. and 18 H. 6. c, 9. wk

IT is provided alfo. That if any Serjeant, Pleader, or other, do any Manner of Deceit or Collufion in the King’s Court, or confent unto it, in Deceit of the Court, or to beguile the Court, or the Party, and thereof be attainted, he (hall be imprifoned for a Year and a Day, and from thenceforth (hall not be heard to plead in that Court for any Man ; (2) and if he he no Pleader, he fhall be imprifoned in like Manner by the Space of a Year and a Day at leaft; and if the Trefpafs lequire greater Puniftiment, it (hall be at	'

the King’s Pieafure.’

Urged by 8R..1. 4. 10 H. 6.

b makes tbc 10 li. 6. c. perpetual. Raft. 1. xiEd. 4. 3. b. Palmer 288. Salk. jiy.

C A P. XXX. Extortion by Juftices Officers.

ET puree qe multz des gentz fe pleinent qe les ferjauntes, criours de fee, h les Marefchalx des Juftices en Eyre, & des autres Juftices, percent a tert deniers de ccux qi recoverent feifine de terre, ou qui wainent y?a:gnent~\ lours querels, & de fine leve, 2c des jurours, viles, prifonns, & des autres attachez a pice de la corone, autrement qe faire ne deuffent, en multz des maneres ; & de ceo qil y ad pluis graunt nombre deux qe aver ne deuft, per quei le pocple eft malement greve; le Roi defende, qe ccftes chofes ne foient faites deforemes ; & fi nul ferjeaunt de fee le (ace, loffice foit pris en la main le Roi; et ft Marefchals des Tuftices le facent, foient puniz grevement a la volunte le Roi; & a touz les pleintifs, lun & lautre, rende lc treble de ceo qil avera iffi pris.

c. 44.

ND forafmuch as many complain themfelves of nEd. 4. 3. b. Officers, Cryers of Fee, and the Matfhals of4lnft-!il‘ Juftices in Eyre, taking Money wrongfully of fuch as recover Seifiri of Land, or of them that obtain their Suits, and of Fines levied, and of Jurors,

Towns, Prifoners, and of others attached upon Pleas of the Crown, ctherwife than they ought to do, in divers Manners ; (2) and forafmuch as there is a greater Number of them than there ought to be, whereby the People are fore grieved;” 4 The King commandeth that fuch Things be no more done from henceforth; (3) and if any Officer of Fee doth it, his Office (hall be taken into the King’s Hand ; (4I, and if any of the Juftices Marlhals do it, they (hall be grievoufty punilhed at the King’s Pleafure; (3) and as well the 011c as the other (hall pay unto the Complainants the treble Value of that they have received in fuch manner.’	Se	v}EJ	1.

For Punijhmcnt on Officers cf the Courts taking more than their Fees. And likczvife the References to c,

H 2	C	A	P.



S 2

c. 3*—33*

Anno tertio Edwardi I

A. D. 1275.

2 Inf?# 219.

9 H. 3.fa:. 1.

<» ;o,

'Not in the Original.

See Weftm. 2,

13 £■</, 1.	/,	I.

Enforced and amended by aS Ed. 1, fat. 3.

5. 2,

Taking of Horfes and Carts for the King,

21 R, 2. c. 5. f

Er. forced by

2* 11. 6. c. 2.

■* For or by one that i: net of the Court, read or /j> is of tbs Cowl) Cr by any Car. 2. C 20, flj

Mutiny Ad:, *2

f

i Co. 36.

CAP. XXXI.

' The Penalty for taking exceflive Toll in a City, idc. Murage granted to Cities.

‘ ’T"' Ouching them that take outragious Toll, con-

*	8.	trary	to	the	common Cuftom of the Realm, in

‘ Market-Towns; it is provided. That if any do fo ‘ in the King’s Town, which is let in Fee-farm, the

*	King fhail feife into his own Hand the Franehifeof ' the Market; and if it be another’s Town, and the ‘ fame he done by the Lord of the Town, the King ‘ fhail do in -likemanner; (2) and if it be done by a

*	'Bailiff, * dr anf me an Officer, without the Command-‘ ment of .his’.Lord, he fhalFreftore to'the Plaintiff 'as ‘ much more for the outragious taking, as he had of ‘ "him, if he had carried away his Toll, and fhail 'have ‘’■'forty Days imprifofrment. (3) Touching Citizens ‘ 'and Burge'ftes,. to’whdm the King or his Father hath ‘ granted M if rage to .enclofe their Towns, which take ‘ inch Murage otherwife’ than it was granted unto ‘ them, and thereof be attainted ;■ it is provided, That *’ they fhail lofe their Grant for ever, and fhail be grie-‘ voufly amerced unto the King.’

0, 25. which gives an Affile-of Novel DJfeifn for tTo!!f &c*

Cotton MS.

E ceux qe pernent outrageous tholun, encon-tre comune ufage del Roialme, en vile mar-chaunte ; purveu eft, qe ft nul le face en la ville le Rci mefmes, qe foit a fee ferme, le Roi prendra la fraunchife del marche en fa main ; & ft ceo eft autri-ville, & foit fait per le feigriur de mefme la .ville, le Roi fra per mefme la manere; & fil foit fait per le Baillif faunz le comaundement le feignur, il rendra al pleintif a taunt pur loutrageoufe pris, come il voufoit aver pris deluy, fil euft emportc fon tholon, & ovefqe ceo il avera la prifone dc quarant jours. De Citeins & de Burghes, a qi le le Roi ou fon pier ad graunte murage, pur lour ville enclofe, '& qe cele murage pernent autrement qeldur eft graunte, & de ceo foient atteintz; purveu eft, qils perdent celle grace [graunte] de toute le temps qe ferra a venir, & ferront cn la greve mercy le Roi.

C A P. XXXII.

The Penalty of Purveyors not-paying.for what they take. The King’s Carriages.

‘	:	F fuch as- take Vidlual or other Things to the

‘ % J King’s Ufe upon Credence, or to the Garrifon 6 of a Caftle, or otherwife, and when they have re-‘ ceived th'eir Payment 'in-the -Exchequer or in the *■ Wardrobe, or otherwhere, they -with-hold it-from" ‘ the Creditors, to their great'Damage, and Slander df *; the King; it is provided, for fuch as have Lands or STenements, That incontinent ‘it'fhail be levied of

4	their Lands, or of their Goods, and paid unto the ‘ Creditors, with the Damages they have fuftained,

‘ and fhail make Fine for the Trefpafs; and if they ‘ have no Lands nor Goods, they fhail he imprifoned

5	at the King’s Will. (2) And of fuch as take Part ‘ of the King’s Debts, or other Rewards of the King’s ‘ Creditors for to make Payment of the fame Debts ;

‘ it is provided, That they fhail pay the Double there-‘ of, and be grievoufly puniftied at the King’s Pleafure.

‘ (;) And of fuch as take Horfe or Carts for the King’s ‘ Carriage more than need, and take Rewards to let ‘ fuch Horfe or Carts go; it is provided. That if any ‘ of the Court fo'do, he fhail be grievopfly puniftied by ‘ the Marfhals; (4) and if it be done, out of the Court,

‘ * or by one that is not of the Court, and be thereof at-* tainted, he fhail pay treble Damages, and fhail re-‘ main in the King’s Prifon forty Days.’

DE ceux.qui pernent vitaille, ou null riens al oeps le Roi a creaunce, ou a garnifon del Chaftel, ou aillours, & quant ils avont refeeu le paiement al Efcheqer, Ou en garderobe, ou aillours, detiegnent le paiement de creaunceours, a graunt damage de eux, :en efclaundre de .Roi; purveu eft, deceux qount terres Sc tenementz, qe meinte-n'ant foit lcve ceo de lour terres, Srdelourcha-teux, & paie as creaunceours, ove les damages qils averont eu, & foient reint pur le trefpas; & fil neient terre, ne tenement, foient en la prifone a la volunte le Roi. De ceux qui partie de dette le Roi, ou autres lowers pernent de creaunceours le Roi, pur faire le paie de mefmes celes dettes;- pur-' veu eft, qil rendent le double, & foient puniz gre-vement a la volunte le Ron £t de ccux qi pernent chivaux, ou charettes, affaire le cariage le Roi, pluis qe miefter ne ferroit, & pernent lowers pur releffer les chivaux, ou les charettes; purveu eft, qe fi nul de la Court le face, fi ferra grevement chaftie per ics Marefchals; fi ceo foit fait hors, de la Courte, per homme de la Court, ou per autre, & il en foit atteint, fi rendra le treble, & ferra en la prifone le Roi quarant jours.

other. See 34. Ed* 3. c. 2. Obf. the 12 Car. 2. c. 24. taking away Purveyance* But fee 13 Car, 2. fat, c. 8. and 1 fae* 2. c, 20. 13 iSf pending the 12 Car. 2. infavour of the King's royal ProgreJfcs} and of his Navy and Ordnance, which APIs are all expired. See likewife the yearly lnl>, 2:3.

This Jeans to be a rnifak n Reference•

CAP. XXXIII.

#■

No Maintained of Quarrels fhail be fuffered.

* |T is provided. That no Sheriff fhail fuffer any ‘ i Earretors or Maintainors of Quarrels in their ‘ Shires, neither Stewards of great Lords, nor other ‘ (unlefs he be Attorney for his Lord) to make Suit, ‘ nor to give Judgements in the Counties, nor to pro-

PUrveu eft, qe nul Vifcont ne-fuffre barettour1 maintener paroles en Countees, ne fenefehabe de graunts feignors, ne dautres qi ne doit attourne-fon feignur, a feute faire, ou feuter defaireles Ju-fticcmcntz des Countees, ne pronuncier les Jufti-

ccmcntz.

34 3&<

53

Cotton iWS. cementz, fil ne foit efpecialment prie. &requis de ceo faire de to viz les' feutours, & les attournes des feutours, qi y ferront ale journe; & fi nul le Face, le Roi fe prendra grevou Cement, Sc a vifcount, Sc a luy,	.

fiat, 3. c, 11.	33	2?</. 1. fiat»/{, xEd. ^.fiat, 2. r. 14., 42?*/. 3.

Penalties on unlawful Maintenance*

4 nounce the Judgements, if he be not fpecially re-4 quired and prayed of all the Suitors, and Attornies c of the Suitors, which fnall be at the Court; and-if 3^- ’• '■ z3-4 any do, the King fhall punifh grievoufly both the	b

4 Sheriff and him that fo doth.	'	.

f. Xli 20 Ed, 3. c, 4.	1	Rich,	2.	c,	4,	„	I	Rich,	2.	c. 7. And 32	8.	c,	9.	hifiifi.r.g v

CAP. XXXIV.

None fhall report flanderous News, whereby Difcord may arife.

PUrceo qe plufours ount fovent trove en counte controveurcs, dont difeorde ou manerc de dif-eord ad ad efte fovent entre le Roi & fon people, ou afeuns hautes hommes de fon roiahne; eft defen du pur le damage qe ad efte, &unqore en purreit avenir, que defore en avant nul ne foit ft hardy de dire, ne dc counter nul fauxnovel, ou controveure, dount nul defcorde, ou manem de difcord, ou de-fclandre, puifle furdre entre le Roi & fon poeple, ou les hautes hommes de fon roialme ; & qi le fra, foitpris& detenuz en prifone, jefqes a taunt qil eit trove en Court celuy, dount le poeple [la parole] ferra move,.

44 FT Orafmuch as there have been oftentimes found in i Leon. tSr 44 jD the Country Dcvifors of Tales, whereby Dif- Dyer i55

2	Inft. 223,

3	Bulflr. 225,

“ cord, or Occafion of Difcord, hath many times :

44 arifen between the Kin^ and his People, or i 44 Men of this Realm;” ‘for the Damage that hath ‘ and may thereof enfue, it is commanded, That from ‘ henceforth none be fo hardy to tell or publifh any 4 falfe News or Tales, whereby Difcord, or Occafion 4 of Difcord or Slander may grow between the King 4 and his People, or the great Men of the Realm;,

4 (2) and he that doth fo, fhall betaken and kept in Enforcedly z R. 4 Prifon, until he hath brought him into the Court, 2-	*■	'•	5-

4 which was the firft Author of the Talc.’	CnirmcTald'

extended by \ Sc z Ph. & M. c. 3. and further by i. El. c. 6.

CAP. XXXV.

The Penalty for arrefting within a Liberty thofe that hold not thereof.

DES hautes hommes, & lour Baillifs, & des autres, horfpris les Miniftres le Roi a qi ef-peciale audiorite ell donede ceo faire, qi a la pleinte des afeuns, ou per lour audiorite demefne, atta-chent autres ou lour biens trefpafiantz, per lour poair, a refpoundre devant eux de contradlz, cove-nantz, & de trefpas fart hors de lour poair & lour jurifdidlion, la ou ils ne tenent rien deux, ne de-deinz la fraunchife eu lour poair eft, en prejudice del Roi & de la Corone, & al damage del poeple ; purveu eft, .qe nul deforemes ne le face ; Sc fi af-cun le fait, il rendra a celui, qi per cele achefon ferra attache, fon damage a double, & ferra en le greve mercye le Roi.

4	great	Men and their Bailiffs, and other (the»inft. 229.'

4 \A King’s Officers only excepted unto whom ef-4 pecial Authority is given) which at the Complaint of 4 fome, or by their own Authority, * attach other paf- « For attach 4 ftng through their Jurifdidlion with their Goods, com- other fojjir.g 4 pelling them to anfwer afore them upon Contrails, t^rou.^'!jar ., 4 Covenants, and Trefpafles, done out of their Power ^bcir Go'd"

4 and their Jurifdidlion; where indeed they hold no- anacb others or 4 thing of them, nor within the Franchife, where their their Goads on 4 Power is, in Prejudice of the King and his Crown, account ofTrcf-4 and to the Damage of the People; it is provided,^4’ b t,je,r ‘ That none from henceforth fo do ; (2) and if any 4 do, he fhall pay to him, that by this Occafion fhall Lutw. 1026.

4 be attached, his Damages double, and fhall be grie-4 voufly amerced to the King.’	f,.n.b.	4;,	f.

CAP. XXXVI.

Aid to make the Son Knight, or to marry the Daughter.

PUrceo qe avant ces heures ne fuift unques revable 1 eide a faire fitz eigne Chivaler, ou a file marur, 13 Co. 27, zS, mife au certein, ne quant ele devoit eftre prife, ne quele houre, per quei les uns levercnt outrageoufe 29-eide, & pluis toft qe ne fiembleit miftre, dont le poeple fe fent greve; purveu eft, qe deforemes de fee de ^oli l6o* Chivaler enter foulement foient donnez xx. s. & de xx. livers [hidez] de terre tenue per focage, xx. s. Sc pjfj g B de pluis, pluis; &de meins, meins, felonc lafferant: & qe nul ne puifle lever tiel eide afaire fon fitz ehi- ,22. G. valer, tant come fon fitz foit dage de xv. annz, ne fa file marier, tant come ele foit de vii. annz; & de ceo 2 Lift. 231. ferra fait mention en brief le Roi fourme fur cco quant lem voet demaunder; & fil avint qc le pier, quaunt Enforced by il avera leve tiel eide defes tenantz, moerge avaunt qil eit fafille marie, les executours le pier foient tenuz a *5,Ed' I'fl]' ^ la file, en taunt come le pier avera refeeu pur ceft eide; Sc ft les biensle pier ne fuffifent, fon heir foit de ceo e’oml'o/fby'V* tenu a la fille.-	Car. 2. c. 24.

which aboltfhes Knight's Service*

C a P,.

* Reafonabie, 2 bft,

37—4°

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1275.

fitz. Damatjcs, 10.

*4 H' 7'

# Not in the Original,

* If Ke be prefent.

2 Iftft, 2.35.

2 Tnft. 237.

44 Ed. 3. 2. Regift. 122. Raft. 84.

See 14 Ed, 2. c. 2.

Enforced by X Ed. 3. flat. I. c. 6.

5 Ed. 3. c. 6 Sc 7, 2.8 Ed. 3. c. 8.

3. for farther

Co. Lit, j 14,

n5.

to II. 3. c, 8. Altered by 32 H c. 2. and 21

Jac- 1.0 16.

1isfl. »39.

. ,	C.	A	P.	XXXVII.

The Penalty of a Man attainted of Diffeifin with Robbery in the King’s Time.

‘ TT is provided alfo and agreed, That if any Man be ‘ 1 attainted of Diffeifin done in the Time of the ‘ King that now is, with Robbery of any Manner of ‘ Goods or Moveables, * and be found againjl him by ‘ Recognifance of Affife of Noveldiffeifin, the Judge-‘ ment fhall be fuch ; that the Plaintiff fhall recover ‘ his Seifm and his Damages, as well of the Goods and ‘ Moveables aforefaid, as for the Freehold, (2) and the ‘ Diffeifor fhall make Fine, which, whether he be pre-‘ fent or not (* fo it be prefented) fhall firft be award-* ed to Prifon. (3) And in like Manner it fhall be ‘ done of Diffeifin with Force and Arms, although ‘ there be no Robbery.’

Cotton MS.

PUrveu eft & acorde enfement, qe fi homme eft atteint de dilleifine faite au temps le Roi qore eft, ou roberie de nulle manere de chatel, ou de moveble per reconiffaunce daflife de novel diffei-fine, le jugement foit tiel; qe le pleintif recovere fa feiftnc & fes damages, auxibien del chatel & del moeble avantdites, come del eles [des autres chafes des tenementz] he le diffeifour foit rcint, le quel qil foit prefent, ou non, ifli qc fi il foit prefent, primes foit agarJe a la prifone : & per mefme la manere foit faite de diffeifine faite a force & armes, tout ne face lem roberie.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Attaint fhall be granted in Piea cf Land touching Freehold.

“ T70rafmuch as certain People of this Realm doubt “ Jd very little to make a falfe Oath (which they “ ought not to do) whereby much People are difhe-“ rited, and lofe their Right;” (2) c it is provided, ‘ That the King, of his Office, fhall from henceforth 1 grant Attaints upon Fnquefts in Plea of Land, or of ‘ Freehold, or of any Thing touching Freehold, when ‘ it fhall feem to him necefiary.’

PUrceo qe afeuns gentz de la terre doutent meyns [maveis] faux ferement qe faire ne deuffent, per quei multz des gentz font defheritez, & perdent lour droit; Purveu eft, qc deforemes le Roi, de fon office, durra atteint fur enqueftes en plee de terre, ou de fraunchife, ou de chofe qe touche fraunk tenement, quaunt il lui fcmblera qe bufoigne foit.

34.Ed.3.c.7. And fee 9 Ricb.z. c. 3.	11H.6.C.4.	15	H.	6.	c.	3.	18	II.	6.	c.	2.	11 H. 7. c. 21	14.	19	H.	7.	r,	3.	oni	23//. 8.

Regulations of Attaints, <tchich is vtade ferfetua! by 13 El. 4. c. 25.

CAP. XXXIX.

Several Limitations of Prefcription in feveral Writs.

“ A ND forafmuch as it is long Time paffed fince “	the	Writs	under-named	were	limited	‘ it is

*	provided, That in conveighing a Defcent in a Writ

*	of Right, none fhall prefume to declare of the Seiftn

*	of his Anceftor further, or beyond the Time of King

*	Richard, Uncle to King Henry, Father to the ‘ King that now is ; (2) and that a Writ of Novel dif-

*	feifm, of Partition, which is called Nufer obiit, have

*	rheir Limitation fince the firft Voyage of King Hen-‘ ry, Father to the King that now is, into Gafcoin. ‘ (;) And that Writs of Mmtdancejlor, of Cofinage, ‘ of Aiel, of Entry, and of Nativis, have their Limi-‘ ration from the Coronation of the fame King Hen-‘ ry, and not before. (4) Ncverlhelefs all Writs ‘ purchafed now by themfelves, or to be purchafed be-‘ tween this and the Feaft of St. John, for one Year ‘ compleat, fhall be pleaded from as long Time, as ‘ heretofore they have been ufed to be pleaded.’

, |Y T purceo qe le temps eft mult paffe puis qe les I IS- briefs defouznofmez furent autrefoitz limitez ; purveu eft, qe en Count de defeente al brief del droit, nul' ne foit oie de demaunder la feifine fon auncefire de pluis long tiele feifine, qe del temps le Roi Richard, Uncle le Roi Henry, lepier le Roi qore eft; & qeles briefs de novel diffeiiine, & de purpartie, qeft appelle nuper obiit, eient le termc puis le primer paflage le Roi Henri, pier le Roi qore eft, en Gafcoigne: & qe brief de mort de aunceftre, de Cofinage, del aiel, & dentre, & brief de r.eyvte [Ncifte] eient le termedcl corone-ment mefme le Roi Henry, & nemye avaunt: mes qe touz les briefs ore aper mefmes purchafe, ou qe lem purchacera eutre ycy h la feint Johan en un an,’ foient plede de temps qavant foleient eftre pledcz.

CAP. XL.

Voucher to Warranty, and Counter-pleading of Voucher.

TVOrafiriuch as many People are delayed of their “ X' Right by falfe vouching to Warranty;” ‘it is

*	provided, That in Writs of roffcffion, firft in Writ ‘ of Mortdauncejler, of Cofinage, of Aid, Nuper obiit, ‘ of Intrufion, and other like Writs, whereby Lands

*	or Tenements are demanded, which ought to de-‘ feend, revert, remain, or efeheat by the Death of

PUrceo qe mults des gentz font delaiez de lour droit per faufement voucher a garraunt; purveu eft, en briefs de poft'effion tout a primes, come en briefs de mort daunceftre, Cofinage, del aiel, nuper obiit, de intrufion, & autres briefs fembla-bles, per les queux terres ou tenementz foient dc-maundez, qe devient defeendre, revertir, remayn-

dic,

C. 41

55

Cotton JUS.

dre, ou efchier per mort daunceftre, oudautre, qe fi !e tenant vouche a garraunt, 6c le demandaunt le countre plede, 6t voille averrir per affile, ou per pais, on en autre manere, ficorne le Court le Roi agardera, qe le tenaunt, ou fon aunceftrc qe heir il eft, fuift le primer qi entra apres la mort cely de qi feifine il demaunde ; foit laverrement del de-maundant refceu, ft le tenant le voille attendre ; & ft ceo non, foit bote outre a autre refpounfe, ftl neit fon garraunt en prefent, qe lui voille ga-rauntier de fon gree, & meintenant entre en refpounfe ; fauve al demaundant fes exceptiouns countre lui, ftl voille voucher outre, come il avoit avaunt, contre le primer tenant. Dercchief en toute manere des briefs dentre, que fount mcntioun de degrees, qe nul deforemes ne vouche hors de la lync ; 6c cn autres briefs dentre, ou nul mention eft fait de degrees, les queux briefs ne font fufte-nuz fors la ou les avantditz briefs de degrees ne pount gifer, ne leu tenir : En brief du droit pur-veu eft, qe ft le tenant vcuche a garant, 6c le demandant le voille contrepledir, 6c foit preft de averir per pais, que celui qeft vouche, eu fes aun-ceftres unqes naveicnt feifine de la ter re, ou del tenement demaunde, fee, ne fervife per la main le tenant, ou de fes aunceftres, puis le temps a celui de qi feifine le demaundant counte, jefqes al temps qe le brief fuift purchace 6c le plee meu [moeve] per quoi il poet avoir le tenant, ou fes aunceftres, feffe ; foit la verrement al demaundant refceu, ft le tenant le voille attendre ; ft ceo non, foit le tenant bote a autre refpons, ftl neit fon garrant en prefent, qi voille garauntier de fon gree, 6c main-tenant entrer en refpouns, fauve al demaundant fes exceptions a countre lui, ftcome il avoit avaunt encountre le primer tenant : 6c lavantdite exception eit lieu en brief de mort daunceftre, 6c cn au-tres briefs devant nomez, auxibien come en briefs qe touchent droit: 6c fi le tenant per cas eit char-tre de garauntie dautre homme de coft, qe ceo foit oblige en nulie de les avantditz cas a la garauntie de fon ein degree; fauve lui foit fon recoverir per brief de garauntie de chartre de la Chauncellerie le Roi, quaunt il le voudra purchacer; mes que le plee ne foit pur ceo delate.

CAP.

any Anceftor, or otherwife, if the Tenant vouch to Bro. Par], 34. Warranty, and the Demandant counterpleadeth him,Fit2, Cr'"nttr* and will aver by Aflife, or by the Country; or other- g°uc?£' wife, as the Court will award, That the Tenant, or 3^ gJ gj* 9s| his Anceftor, (whofe Heir he is) was the firft that 100. entered after the Death of him, of whofe Seifin he demandeth ; the Averment of the Demandant (hall be received, if the Tenant will abide thereupon;

(z) and if not, he fhall be further compelled to an- • other Anivver, if he have not his Warrantor prefent, that will warrant him freely, and incontinent enter into the Warranty ; faving unto the Demandant his-Exceptions again ft him, if he will vouch further, as he had before againft the firft Tenant. (3) From Where in Writs henceforth in all Manner of Writs of Entry, which E"tr>' no make mention of Degrees, none fhall vouch out of th^UnYftaUbe. the Line: or in other Writs of Entry, where noHob.za. mention is made of Degrees, which Writ fhall not he maintained, but in Cafes where the other Writs of Degrees cannot lie, nor hold Place : (4) and in a Counterpleading Writ of Right it is provided, That if the Tenant <° a Voucher im vouch to Warranty, and the Demandant will coun- Wntof Bight, ter-plead him, and be ready to aver by the Country, that he that- is vouched to Warranty, nor his Ancef- Fit*. Counter-tors, had never Seifin of the Land or Tenement de-Plea>&c> 3, 4* manded, nor Fee or Service by the Hands of his Tc- 5 7’	9’f°’

nant, or his Anceftors, fince the Time of him, on 3^’ Zg5 whofe Seifin the Demandant declareth, until the 43, 41, 42, 44, Time that the Writ was purchafed, and the Plea 4>h 49* 5?> moved, whereby he might have infeoffed the Tenant, c3i 65, or his Anceftors, then let the Averment of the De-	1145

mandant be received, if the Tenant will abide thereupon ; (5) if not, the Tenant fhall be further com- SecioEd. 1. pelled unto another Anfwer, if he be not prefent that A"- *• Vouch-will warrant him freely, and incontinent enter in erfn ■/i‘vlr”lcrt Anfwer, faving unto the Demandant his Exceptions %11'u‘admittcd againft him, as he had afore againft the firft Tenant, whether Party ’

(6)	And the Laid Exception fhall have Place in a *«»ebedheab-

Writ of I/Iortdauncejhr, and in the other Writs be-/™' or prefent.. fore named, as well as in Writs that concern Right,	3‘

(7)	And if pereafe the Tenant have a Deed, that^^«Vm«i-

comprifeth Warranty of another Man, which is fhall he received bound in none of thefe Cafes before mentioned to the 'hat Vendee it Warranty of an elder Degree'; his Recovery, by a £fc-Writ of Warranty of Charters out of the King's E££'Execut‘ Chancery, fhall be faved to him at what Time foever f„z| car. de he will purchafe ithowbeit the Pica fhall not be de- charters, 3, 4,, layed therefore.5'	5= 7> 8, 9, jo,

iu, 12, 13, 19,.

Y r 1	2°> 2T> 22» 2<v

28,29,30,31,

The Champion’s Oath in a Writ of Right.

DE ferement as Champions eft purveu, pur ceo que rerement avent qe le Champion al' demandant ne foit perjurs en ceo qil jure, qil ou fon aunceftre, qe fon pier [vi/l la feifine fon feignour, ou tie fon auncejlre,	Jon pier J	lui comanda faire

le darrein ; qe mes ne foit le Champion al demaundant deftreint a ceo jurere ; mes foit le ferement garde en touz les autres pointz.

TOuching the Oaths of Champions, it is thus provided, becaufe it feldom happened, but that the Champion of the Defendant is forfworn, in that he fweareth, that, he or his Father faw the Seifin of his Lord, or. his Anceftor, and that his Father commanded him to dereign that Right; that from henceforth the Champion of the Demandant fhall not be; compelled fo to (wear : Neverthelefs his Oath fhall; be kept in all other Points.5.

2-Inft. 246V

C. A p..

42"“45t

Anno tertio Ebwardi I.

A. D. 1275.

CAP. XLII.

Certain Actions wherein after Appearance the Tenant fhall not be efToined.

Fitz. EiToin,

SJ» S5» 56)

64.

51H- 3- «• 13-Cf 20.

“ TTOrafmuch as in a Writ of Affife, Attaints, and X* Juris utrum. the Jurors been often troubled by

See 13 Ed. 1. tfat. 1. c. 27 &

nS. which takes Ejjbht from Demandants alfo. Regulations of EJfoins*

ft reafon of the Effoins of Tenants;” c it is provided,

1 That after the Tenant hath once appeared in the ‘ Court, he fhall be no more effoined, but fhall make £ his Attorney to fue for him, if he will; and if not,

‘ the Affife or Jury fhall be taken through his Default.

z Inft. 24S. Likrwife 6 Ed. 1. r.JS’io. 13 Ed, 1. c. 17.

' Cotton MS.'	'	■

PUreeo qen briefs daffifes, 6c datteintz, & jurez' de utrum, les [juroursj font fovent travailles: per effoines des tenaunts ; purveu que del houre qe il eit un foitz apparu en Courte, qe mes ne fe pu-iffe effoigner, mes face attourne a fuirpour lui, fil voille; 6c fi ceo noun, foit lafTife ou jajureepris pur fa defaute.

12 Ed. z.Jiar. 2.	5	Ed.	3.	c.	6,	9	Ed.	3 ,'c. 3 ■ for fartltr

CAP. XLI1I.

There fhall be no Fourcher by EfToin.

Hob. 8. 46. Fitz. EiToin, •82, 119.

Fitz. Fourcher, 3, 4, io, I3» 14-Fro. Fourcher, so.

<e 'JJ'Orafmuch as Demandants be oftentimes delayed ft X* of their Right, by reafon that many Parceners “ be Tenants, of which none may.be compelled to an-“ fwer without the other, (z) or there may be many “ jointly infeoffed (where none knoweth his feveral) “ and fiich Tenants oftentimes fourch by EfToin, fo “ that every of them hath a feveral EfToin‘ it is 1 provided, That from henceforth fuch Tenants fhall ‘ not have EfToin, but at one Day, no more than one ‘ foie Tenant fhould have; fo that from henceforth c they fhall no more fourch, but only fhall have one ‘ EfToin.’

z Inft. 250.

Confirmed by •6 Ed. 1. flat. I.

c, 10. and extended to wl ere a Man and his TVifc are impleaded.

TJrceo qe les demaundantz font fovent delaiear A de lour droit, purceo qil ad plufours parceners' tenantz, doner nine poet refpoundre faunz autre, ou qil y rd plufours parceners tenantz jointement feffez, ou nul ne feet non feveral, 6: calx tenantz fovent forchent per effoigne, ifli qe chefcun eit une effoine; purveu tft qe deforemes, que yceux te-. nantz neient eSbigne fbrfqe a une journe, 6c nient pluis qe un foul tenant navereit; iflint qe mes ne puiflenr furchier, taunt foulement avoer ; un effoigne.

CAP. XLIV.

In what Cafe EfToin ultra mare fit all not be allowed.

» 111ft. 151.

Sr. tee Refer 1 reel c n th foregoing Clatters*

“ T?Orafmuch as divers Perfons caufe themfelves falfly “ P to be effoined (for being over the Sea) where “ indeed they were within'the Realm the Day of the “ Summons;” ‘ it is provided from henceforth, That ‘ this EfToin be not always allowed, if the Delhandant ‘ will challenge it, and will be ready to aver that he ‘ was in England the Day of Summons and three ‘ Weeks after; (z) but fliall he adjourned in this ‘ Form : That if the Demandant be ready at a certain c Day, by Averment of the Country, or otherwife as ‘ the Court fhall award, to prove that the Tenant was ‘ within the four Seas the Day that be was fummoned, ‘ and three Weeks after, fo that he might be reafpnably ‘ warned by the Summons, the EfToin fhall be turned into a Default; (3) and that is to be underflanden only before Juftices.’

PUreeo qe mults des gentz fe font falufement - effoigner de outre meer, la ou ils furent en Engleterre le jour de la fomons; purveu eft, qe, deforemes cel efioigne ne foit pas del tout alio we; fi le demaundant le chalenge, 6c preft foit daverrir-, qil fuift en Engleterre le jour qe la fomons fu fait, & trois femaignes apres; mes foit 'ajourne en ceft: fourme; qe fi le demaundant a cele jour fiwe [pur-, fue] la verement per pais, ou ficome le Court le Roi agardera, & foit atteint qe la tenant fuift de-deinz iv mers lc jour qil fuift fomon, 6c iii femai-gnes apres, ifli qil poteft eftre refonablement gamy de la fomons, foit leffoigne tourneen en defaut; 6c ceo fait entrendre taunt foulement devant juftices.

C A P. XLV.

In what Cafes the great Di ft refs fhall be awarded,

livered.

Where the Juflices Eftreats fhall be de-

2 Iuft. 254.. c /r~>'Oncerning Delays in all Manner of Writs and ‘ Attachments, it is thus provided. That if the ‘ Tenant or Defendant, after the ftrft Attachments 4 returned, make Default, that incontinent the great ‘ Diftrefs fhall be awarded; (z) and if the Sheriff do c not make fufiicient Return by a certain Day, he fliall ‘ be grievoufly amerced; (3) and if he return, that he ‘ hath done Execution in due Manner, and the Ifibes ‘ delivered to the Sureties, then the Sheriff fliall be

DE dclaies en touts manere de.briefs, 6c de at-tachementz, eft purveu, qe fi le tenant ou le defendant, apres jattachement tefmoigne, face defaute, que meintenant foit la graunt deftreffe a-garde ; 6c fi le Vifcounte ne refpoigne fuffifantnient al jour, foit grevoufement amercie ; 6c fil maunde qil ad fait lexecution en due manere, 6clesiffues baillcz a meinpernours, adonqes foit maunde al Vifcount, qal autre jour face venir les ifUies devant

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

C. 46—48

57

Cotton MS.

vant Juftices; Si fi lattache vient a cele jour fauver fes defautes, eit les iflues ; & fil ne vient, eit le Roi les iflues; & Juftices le Roi lefacent liverer en Garderobe; Juftices du Baunk a Weftm’les fa-cent liverer al Efcheqer; Juftices en Eire al Vif-count de cele Counte, ou il pledent, auxibien come des foreins Countees, Si de ceo loit charge en fomonsper rouile des Juftices.

‘ commanded, that lie return Iffues at another Day ‘ before the Juftices; (4) and if the Party being at-‘ tached come in at his Day to fave his Defaults, he ‘ fhall have the Iflues; (3) and if he come not, the ‘ King jfhall have them; (6) and the King’s Juftices ‘ fhall caufe them to be delivered in the Wardrobe;

‘ and the Juftices of the Bench at IVe/imin/ler {hall de-‘ liver them in the Exchequer; (7) and the Juftices ‘ in Eyre unto the Sheriff of that Shire where they ‘ plead, as well * of that Shire, as of Foreign Shires, * fain tit ‘ and fhall be charged therewith in Summons by the 0rk,us,‘

‘ Rolls of Juftices.’

CAP. XLVI.

One Plea fliall be decided by the Juftices before another commenced.

PUrveu eft enfement, & per le Roi comaunde, que les Juftices al Baunk le Roi & Juftices de Baunk a Weftm’ deforemes perpledent les plees at-tcrminez aim jour, en ceo que rien foit arraine, ou comence des plees del jour enfuant, hors pris qe les efloignes foient entres, juggez, & renduz; & per achelon de ceo nul homme le affle, qil ne viegne a fon jour, qe done lui eft.

‘ |T is provided alfo, and commanded by the King,

‘ J. That.the Jnftices of the King’s Bench * at JVeJl- * And of the ‘ minfier from henceforth fhall decide all Pleas deter-	v'el:*

‘ minable at One Day, f before any Matter be arraign-‘ ed, or Plea commenced the Day following, faving„„yt gy; read ‘ that their Eflbins fhall be entered, judged, and al-/» that no Mat-‘ lowed; yet, by Reafon hereof, let none prefume to ,£r; s?‘‘-‘ abfent himfelf at the Day to him limited.’	2	lnrt-	iSS-

CAP. XLVI1.

In what Cafe the Nonage of the Heir of the Difleifor or Difleifee fhall not prejudice.

PUrveu eft enfement, qe fi nul homme deforemes purchace briefs de novel diffeifine, & celui, fur qi le brief vient come principal difleifour, morge avant que laflife eft paffe, qe le pleintifeit fon brief dentre fouridii fur diffeifine lur le heir, ou fur les Ijeives a le difleifour lour aunccftre, ou fur lour heires, de quele age qils foient. [En mefme le mature eit le heir, on les heirs al diffeiji, lours briefs dentre fur les diffeifours lour auricef res, ou fur lur heires de quele age qils joient,\ fi per aventure le difl’eifi morge avant qil eit Ion purchace faite ; ifli qe per lc nan-nage des heirs dun part Si dautre ne foit le brief a-batu, ne le plee delaie ; mes a quaunt qe lem poet faunz lei ofFendre, foit hafte pur la frefche feute apres la.diffeifine. En mefme la manere foit ce point garde en droit des Prelates, gentz de religion, & autres, a queux terre ou tenement en nulle manere puis devenir apres autri mort, le quel qil foient difieifes, ou diffeifours. Et fi les parties em-pledant defcendent en enquefte, & ele pafl'e coun-tre le heir dedeinz age, & nomement encountre le heir al difleife, qil en ce cas eit lateinte de la grace le Roi.

‘ TT is,provided alfo, That if any from henceforth Dyer 137.

‘ JL purchafe a Writ of Novel dijjeijin, and he againft 6 Co. 4.

‘. whom the Writ was brought as principal Difleifor, 57	3-

‘ dieth before the Aflife be paffed, then the Plaintiff |2£di'4'17' i fhall have his Writ of Entrie upon Diffeifin againft Ed. 3.27.

‘ the Heir or Heirs of the Difleifor, * or Diffeifors, f of 17 H." 6. 1. ’

‘ what Age foever they be. (2) In the fame wife the A6e. 7»-‘ Heir or Heirs of the Difleifee fhall have their Writs lBular’,37' e'of Entrie againft the Diffeifors, J or their Heirs,	'219’

‘ what Age foever they be, if peradventure the Diffei- * For or Dijfci. ‘ fee die before that he hath purchafed his Writ; (3) fin, read tbdr ‘ fothat for the Nonage of the Heirs of the one Party, dr.rejicr.

‘ nor of. the other, the Writ fhall not be abated, nor ‘ the Plea delayed ; but as much as a Man can with- j am tkiir Ar.-out offending the Law, it muff, be hafted to make cefion.

‘ frefh Suit after the Diffeifin. (4] And in like Man-‘ ner this fhall be obferved in all Points for the Right ‘ of Prelates, Men of Religion, and other, to whom ‘ Lands and Tenements || can in no wife defcerid after || May in any 6 othersDeath, whether they beDiflcifees or Difieifors. wife come.

‘ (3) And if the Parties in Pleading come to an Inqtieft, Se- Ed- ’•

‘ and it paflcth againft the Heir within Age, and name- "atilm L Vf.

‘ ly, againft the Heir of the Difleifee, that in fuch g-’J‘n'

Infdhts eioir.e i

Cafe he fhall have an Attaint of the King’s fpecial tojueby Procheia Grace.’	Amy.

c A p.- xLviin;

The Remedy where a Guardian maketh a Feoffment of his Ward’s Land. Suit by Prochein

Amy.

SI gardein, chief feignur, feffe nul homme de la terre qeft del heritage a lenfaunt qeft dedeinz age, & eux [en] fa gard, a la difheritifon del heir, purveu eft, qe le heir maintenant eit fon recoverir per brief de novel diffeifine vers fon gardein, & vers le tenaunt; Si foit la feifine bailie per .Juftices, fi ele foit recovere, al profehein amy, a qi le-.Vol.I,

‘ T F a Guardian or chief Lord, infeoff any Alan of Fit3>

‘ JL Land, that is the Inheritance of a Child within ,05.’ ‘•Age, and in his Ward, to the Difhecitance of the Bro. A.Tife, " ‘ Heir; it is provided, That the Heir fhall forthwith *9*•

‘ have his Recovery by Aflife of Novel diffeifin againft ‘ his Guardian, and againft the Tenant; (z) and the ■

* Seifin fhall be delivered by the Juftices (if it be re-I	^	‘	covered)

C. 49—5**

Anno tertio Edwardi I.

S8

A,D. 12.75*.

*■ covered) to the next Friend of thg Heir (to whom 4 the inheritance cannot defcend) for to improve to the 4 Ufe of the Heir, and to anfwer for the IfTues unto 4 the Heir, when he fhall come unto his full Age; a Ed. 3. id. 4 ft) and the Guardian, during his Life, fhall lofe the * A/i o'3- *4'	‘	Cuftody of the Thing recovered, and all the Inheri-

40 Ed. 3 16,	‘	tance that he holdeth by Reafon	af the Heir. (4)

See« Ed. i.’	‘	And if another Guardian, than the	chief Lord do it,

flat. 1. c. 15.	‘	he fhall lofe the Wardfhip of all	together,, and be

tivi/ijj: Rjgbr to ‘ grievoufly punifhed by the King. (5) And if the InfaWs tojut iy c	p,e	carried away, or diflurbed by the Guardian,

Raft. 366/367. * or b'y tbe Feoffee, or by other,iby Reafon whereof 4 he cannot fue his Affife, then , may One of his next obf. Tue 12 Car. < prjenJs (that will) fue for him, which fhall be there-Emitted.’

Wardfiif by reafon of Tenure, 2 Inft. 253.

Cotton MS, ritage ne purra defcendre, pur prover al oeps len-faunt, & a refpoundre des iffues al heir, come il vendra a fon age; Et le gardein perde a toute fa vie la garde de mefme la chofe recovere, & de tout le. remenant del heritage, qil tient en noun del heir: & fi autre gardein que chief feignur le face, perde -la garde de tout ce chofe a celle foitz, & fort en greve peine denvers le Roi. Et fi lenfaunt foit aloigne ou deftourbe per le gardein, ouper le feffe, ou per autre, per quoi il ne puifle fa affife fuire, feue pur lui un de fes profcheins amys, qe voudra* & foit a ceo refceu.

2 Iaft. 261. Regift. 170,

*7?-

Fitz. Voucher, 196. „

Fitz. Dower,

75> 76j n4.

Kci, 128.

Sec 13 Ed. 1. c. . of Mortgagor,

GAP. XLIX.

The Tenants Plea in a. Writ of Dower.

IN a Writ of Dower, called Unde nihil hahet, the Writ fhall not abate by the Exception of the Tenant,. becaufe fhe hath, received her Dower of-another Man before her Writ purchafed, unlefs he can lhew that fhe hath received Part of her Dower of him-felf, and in the fame Town,. before the Writ purchafed.!

, inhere fPife is cndcwalk of Land recovered againjl the Hujband by Covin,

EN brief de Dowerie, dount dame rien nad,:.

mes ne foit le brief abatu per exceptioun del tenant, purceo -qele avera refceu fa dowerie dautre. homme avaunt fon brief purchace, fil ne puiffe-monftrer qele eit refceu partie de dowerie de bit mefmes, & en mefme la ville avant fon brief purchace.

&c, ■See alfo	IV. & M, ty1$. for fecuring Do-wer toTVideV)

il In&. 2164,

CAP.

44 ’ AND forafmuch as the King hath ordained thefe 44 1\ Things unto the Honour of God and Holy "4 Church, and, for the Commonwealth, and for the 44 Remedy of fuch as be grieved,” 4 he would riot that 4 at any other .Time it fhould turn in Prejudice of him-4 felf, or of his Crown ; but that fuch Right,. as ap-I, pertains to him, fhould be faved in all Points.?'

L.

ET purceo que le Roi fait ceftes chofes af ho-neure de Dieu & de feinte eglife, & pur la. comune pru & pur allegiance de cetix qi grevea fount, il ne voet mie qautre foitz puiffent tourner a prejudice de lui ne de. fa corone ; mes qe Tes droitz, qa lui, apperteinent, lui foient fauvez en-touz pointes.

CAP. LI.

AlTifes and Darra'm Frefentments at what Time taken.

44 A ND forafmuch as it is great Charity to do Right 44 / it unto all Men at all Times .(when Need fhall. “ be),” 4 by the Affent of all the Prelates.it was pro-4 vided. That Affifes of Novel dijfeijin, Martdaunceftor,. 4 and Darrain Prefentment, fhould be taken in Advent 4 Sepiuagefirr.a, and Lent, even as well.as Enquefts may.-

<	be taken, and that at the fpccial-Requeft of the King,

<	made unto the Bifhops.’

ET purceo que graunt charite feroit de fairC droit a touz en tout temps miefter ferroit, qe per affentement des prelatz, affifes de novelle dif-feifine, de mortdaunceftre, & de darrein prefente-ment fufent prifes en le advent, & en feptuagerime, & en quarefme, auxibien come lem fait les enr queftes, & ceo prie le Roi as evcfq.es.

A Statute intituled Extenta Manerii, made 4 Edw. I. St at, 1. and Annp

Dom. 1276. .

Exprefling a Survey of the Buildings, Lands, Commons, Parks, Woods, Tenants,

Tte BvildiTip.

4 ~Y~71R S T, It is to be inquired of the Caftles, and 4 tt alfo of other Buildings compaflfed about with 4 Ditches, what the Walls, Buildings, Timber, 4 Stone, Lead, and other Manner of-Covering, is 4 worth, and how they may be prized according to the 4

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

IMPRIMIS Inquirendumeft-de caftris, & aliis edificiis foffatis circumdatis, & quantum muri, & edificia lignea, & lapidea, plumbo vel alio niOdo; cooperta valeant, & pro quanto poterunt appreciarij. fecundum verum. valorem eorundem-

murorum

59

•Cotton MS,	_

fnurorum Sc edificiorum ; Sc pro quanto edificia extra foflatum poteruntyappreciari, Sc quantum valeant, una cum gardinis, colurribariis, & omnibus aliis exitibus Curie per annum.

Item inquirendum eft, quot campi funt in do-minico, & quantum quelibet acra per fe valeat ad locandum per.annum;. Item inquirendum eft, quot acre prati funt in dominico, oc quot funt in campo, Sc quantum valet quelibet acra ad locandum per fe per annum, Sc ad cujufmodi beftias Sc animalia paftura ilia fuerit magisineceflaria, & quot & quales poffet fuftinere, .& quantum valet paftura cujuflibet beftie Sc animalis per fe per annum ad locandum.

Item inquirendum'eft de paftura forinfeca, que eft communis, & quot & quales beftias, &quot animalia Sc que dominus habere poffit in eadem, & quantum valet paftura cujuflibet beftie Sc arii-malis per fe per annum ad locandum.

Item inquirendum eft de parcis Sc dominlcis bofcis, que dominus ad voluntatem fuanr poffit af-fartare Sc excolere. Sc quot acras in fe comineant, Sc pro quanto veftura cujuflibet acre poterit appre-ciari [appruari;] & quantum in fe contineant Sc valeant, quando proftrati fuerint,- & quantum .valet quelibet acra per fe per annum.

Item inquirendum eft de bofcis forinfecis, ubi alii communicant, quid de eifdem bofcis dominus fibi poffit approvare, Sc de quot acris, .Sc pro quanto veftura cujuflibet acre communiter poffit appre-ciari, Sc quantum fundus valeat quando proftratus fuerit. Item inquirendum eft, utrum dominus de refiduo oofcorum predidfforum forinfecorum dare poffit, Sc quantum valeant hujufmodi donaciones Sc vendiciones per annum.

Item inquirendum eft de pannagio Sc herbagio, melle, oleribus. Sc omnibus aliis exitibus vivario-rum, marifcorum, morarum, bruerarum, turbari-arum, & vaftorum, quantum valeant per annum.

Item de molendinis, pifcariis feparalibus Sc com-nmnibus, quantum valeant per annum.

Item de liberis tenentibus quibufcunque forinfe-cis vel extrinfecis [intrinfecis] inquirendum eft, & quot funt libere tenentes, & qui, Sc quas terras, & que tenementa, Sc que feoda teneant, & per quod fervicium, utrum videl. per focagium, vel per' fervicium militare, vel alio modo, & quantum Valeant & reddaut per annum de redditu affife ; Sc qui tenent per cartam, & qui non ; & qui tenent per antiquam tenuram, Sc qui per novum feoffa-mentum. Item inquirendum eft de predidtis libere tenentibus, Sc qui fequuntur Curiam a Comitatu in. Comitatum, & qui: non, Sc quantum Sc quid accidit domino poll mortem talium libere tenen--tium.

Item inquirendum eft de cuftuifi Arils, quot funt cuftumarii, de quantum telre quilibet cuftumarius teneat, •& que opera, Sc quas cohfuetudines faci-ant; Sc quantum valeant opera Sc confuetudines cujuflibet cuftumarii per fe per annum, fad locandum., ct quantum reddant de redditu ajfije~\ preter opera & confuetudines, Sc qui poffint talliari ad Voluntatem domini. Sc qui non.

I!

*	very Value of the fame Walls and Buildings; (a)

‘ and for how much the Buildings without the Ditch 1 Roll 20:.

5	may be prized, _ and what they be worth, with the 2 Ro11 31,

‘ Gardens, Curtilages, Dove-houfes, and all other If-‘ fues of the Court by the Year.

‘ II. It is to be inquired alfo, how many Fields are The Demefnes,

‘ of the Demefnes, * and how many Acres of Land are 6 rbefi Wards ‘ in every Field, and what every Acre is worth by the art_m' <” <he_

‘ Year-)-; and how many Acres of Meadow are of the ftwrf ifacb

*	Demefnes, and how many be in a Field, and

c much every Acre by itfelf is worth by the Year to be j though deft c let; (2) % alfo how many Acres of Pafture there he, Wards am not w ( and for what Beafts or. Cattle the fame Pafture is moft the Original, yu c neceffary, and how many it will find, and of what	.arc.property

‘ Manner, and what the Pafture of every Beaft is	'

c worth to be let by the Year.	Setfcwithwfvcb

‘ III. Alfo it is to be inquired of. foreign Pafture, an AdHtim.

*	that is Common, how many, and what -Beafts and Tlie forcisn c Cattle the Lord may have in thefame, and how much Paftuis‘

c the Pafture of every Beaft is worth by the Year to be ‘ let.

‘ IV. Alfo it is to be ihquired of Parks, and demefn The Parks ant ‘ Woods, which the.Lord may || ajfert and improve at Wnoi*.

‘ his Pleafure, and how many Acres they contain, and ‘ how much the Vefture of an Acre is v/orth ; (2) and “ 'L ‘ how much the Land is worth after the Wood is c felled, and how many Acres it containeth, and how { much every Acre is worth by the Year.

‘ V. Alfo it is to be inquired of foreign Woods, ForeignV.'oaJs, c where other.Men have Common, and how much the c Lord may improve to himfelf-of the fame Woods j ‘ and how many Acres, and forhowmuch the Vefture c of every Acre may be valued at, and how much the c Ground is worth yearly after that the Wood is felled,

‘ and how many Acres it containeth, and ivhat every q <iycfn\r£

1 Acre is worth by the Tear, And it is to be inquired, not in the c whether the Lord may give or fell any Thing of the Orfti&ti. c Refidue of the forefaid Woods, and what fuch Gifts c and Sales are worth by the Year.

‘ VI. Alfo it is to be inquired of Pawnage, Herbage Pawnage, Her*

*	of the Town, Honey, and all other Profits of For efts, bags.

‘ Woods, Rivers, Moors, Marifhes, Heaths, Tur-

*	bary, and Wafte, and how much it is worth by the '

‘ Year.	_	j

‘ VII. Alfo of Mills, Filhings feveral and common, Mills, Fifliicgs,

‘ what they be worth by the Year.

‘ VIII. Alfo it is to be inquired of Freeholders, the Freeholders.

‘ which dwell without, as well as within, that is to ‘ fay, how many Freeholders there be, ** and what ** And windy ‘ Manner Lands and Tenements, and what Fees they be, and what,

*	hold, and by what Services, whether it be by So-‘ cage, or Knight’s Service, or otherwife, aiid what ‘ they are worth, and pay yearly of Rent of Affife,

‘ and who hold by Charter, and who not '; and who c by old Tenure,- and ,who by new Feoffment. (2)

‘ Alfo it is to be inquired of the faid free Tenants,

‘ which do follow the Court ff ft the County, and ■'For of de ‘ which not, and what and how much falleth to the Cnmn'xZi rmta ‘ Lord after the Death of filch free Tenants.	~Ciu r.:y to Con ray •

: r s \

‘ iY. It is to he inquired alfo of cuftomary Te- Cufloraary ft.'

‘ nants; thAt is to wit, how many there be, and how oam?..

‘ much Land every of them holdeth what Works 4-Co,.ii,.. .

‘ alid Cuftoms he doth, and what the "Works and Cuf-‘ toms of every Tenant be worth yearly, and hovV -	'	'	«

‘ much Rent of Affife he paid yearly befrdes the Works ‘ and .Cuftoms, and which of them may be .taxed, at ‘ the Will.of the Lord; and which not,	-	•	•	—

, .. ,	...	I	2 ,	..	.	.	_ lX. It .... . .

6o Stat. i

Anno quarto Edwardi I.	A.	D.	1276.

Cott2ges and Curtelages.

Perquifites of Couits.

Patronage*.

Co. Lit. 374., b.

Liberties, Cuf-tums, and Ser-

% ices.

* Net in Orig,

4 X. It is alfo to be inquired of Cottagers, that is to

*	fay, what Cottages and Curtelages they hold, and by 4 what Service, and how much they do pay by the 4 Year for all their Cottages and Curtelages.

‘ XI. ‘ It is alfo to be inquired of Pleas and Perqui-

*	fites of the Counties, of the Courts of the Forefts, ‘ with Lawing of Dogs, and how much they he worth ‘'by the Year in all Ifliies.

4 XII. It is alfo to be inquired of Churches that be-‘ long to the Lords Gift, how many there be, and 4 what, and where, and how much every Church is ‘ worth by the Year, after the true Eftimation of the 4 fame.

4 XIII. It is alfo to be inquired, what be the Value ‘ of Herriots, Fairs, Markets, * Efchetes, Culioms, 4 Services, and foreign Works and Cufloms, and what ‘ the Pleas and Perquifites of Courts, Fines, and Re-‘ liefs, and all other Cafualties are worth by the Year, 4 that may fall in any of thel'e Things.’

Cotton MS.

' Item inquirendum eft de coterellis, qui cotagia. St curtilagia teneant, St per quod fervicium, St quantum reddant per annum pro predidlis cotagiis & curtilagiis.

Item inquirendum eft de placitis & perquifitis comitatuum, St curiarum foreftarum, cum expedi-tacione canum, St quantum valeant per annum in omnibus exiribus.

Item inquirendum eft de eccleilis que pertinent ad donacionem domini, quot St que funt, St ubi, & quantum valent, St quantum quelibet ecclelia valet per annum per fe, fecundum verum valorem illius.

Item inquirendum eft, quid valeant herrietta, nundine, mercheta, confuetudtnes St fervicia, o-peraciones, confuetudines forinfece, St quantum valeant placita St perquilita, fines &. relevia, & omnia alia cafualia, que accidere poflunt per annum.

A Statute De Officio Coronatoris, made Anno 4 Edw. I. StaU 2. and

Anno Dom. 1276.

Of what Things a Coroner fhall inquire.

4 A Coroner of our Lord the King ought to in-4	quire	of	thefe	Things,	*	if	he	be	certified	by	the

? H. 3.	*7

3 Ed. I.PI 1

IvofdsthJhh, ‘ A ■*“ kings Bailiffs, or other honejl Men of the Coun-read firji, when 4 try: Firjl, he fha]l go to the Places where any be fiain, Coroners are cm- 4 or fuddcnly dead, or wounded, or where Houfes are nanded by the <■ broken, or where Treafure is laid to be found, and Kwgs Bayjffi, , fiial] forthwith command four of the next Towns, or five or fix, to appear before him in fuch a Place; (z) and when they are come thither, the Coroner upon the Oath of them fhall inquire in this manner, that is to wit, If f they know where the Perfon was (lain, whether it were in any Houfe, Field, Bed, Tavern, or Company, and J who were there : Like-wife it is to be inquired, who were || culpable either of the Adi, or of the Force, and who were prefent, either Men or Women, and of what Age foever they be (if they can fpeak, or have any Dilcretion;) (3) and how many foever be found culpable by Inquifi-tion in any of the Manners aforefaid, they fiiall be : taken and delivered to the Sheriff', and fhall be com-; mitted tn the Gaol; (4.) and fuch as be founden,

; and be not culpable, fhall be attached until the com-; ing of the Juftices, and their Names fhall be written : q in Rolls. (5) If it fortune any fuch Man be flain,

1 4- which is found in the Fields, or in the Woods ^ firft it ' is to be inquired, whether he were (lain ** in the fame ’ Place, or not; (6) and if he were brought and laid : there, they fhall do fo much as they can to follow ; their Steps that brought the Body thither, -ft vjbe-,	,	1	ther he were brought upon a Horfe, or in a Cart: (7)

fmlfroflf ‘ D fhall be inquired alfo, if the dead Perfon were upon a Uorfior 4 known, or elte a Stranger, and where he lay the Cun.	4	Night before; (8) \\ and if any he found culpable of

The Murthcrcr < the Alurther, the Coroner fhall immediately go unto

Oun_ Cu pa C. ( I! II l,,r	010!!	innnirn txrViQf	c	CStA	L

cr by bar,eft Men t of the Country, they fall go, Q?c, i Murtber.	4

•f Add if it < concerns a Man , flair, y •whether they knoiUy c,

$ Add if any, andii'bOy &c.	1

|| Adi and in < Kuhat Manner , culpable.

Inquiry of the Offenders.

A Man found flain.

For in Rods, read in tie Rolls of tie Coroners,

4 Read in tie Fields Or iVotdSy and be there foundy &c.

** Read there. f ■j*' Read or of the Horfe wlich brought him, or

Land he hath, and what it is worth yearly; and rcvi * further, what Corn £ he hath upon the Ground, (q) ’	4	And	when	they	have	thus	inquired	upon	every	thing,

puiiy of tit Murder.

It nr,

Yoriehath/readthey have,

44 For it hath in bisj read they lave in tltit .

* Read if

3

Cotton MS. Vefpaf. B. 7.

EC funt inquirenda a coronatoribus domini regis : In primis, quum coronatores habent mandatum aballivis domini regis, vel a pro-bis hominibus patrie, quod accedant ad occifos, vel ad fubito mortuos, vel ablatos, [ad vulneratos] vel domorum fradtores, vel ad locum ubi dicitur thefaurum effe inventum, ftatim accedant, St ftatim debentmandare quatuor villatis, vel quinque, vel fei vicinis, quod fint coram ipfis tali loco; St cum ve-nerint, coronatores ad facramentum illorum debent facere inquificionem in hac forma; fcil. Si fuerit de homine occifo, primo inquirend’ ubi occifus fuerit, Sc fi in campo, vel in domo, vel ad ludtam,

[hettariam] aut tabernam, vel ad congregacionem ; Stli quis, vel qui ibidem fuerint: Similiter inquirend’ eft, qui Sc quales culpabiles fuerint, five de fadlo, five ae forcia, Sr quis fuerit in curia, Sr qui ibidem fuerint homines aut mulieres cujufcunque fuerint etatis,_ dummodo tamen loqui feiant, Sr ha-bcant [aliqucnn\ difcrecionem; Sr quotquot invent! fuerint culpabiles per inquificion. aliquorum modo- ' rum pred. capiantur Sr liberentur vicecomiti, Sr imponantur in gaolam; Sr quotquot inventi fuerint,. qui non funt culpabiles, attachientur ufque ad ad-ventum jufticiai iorum itinerantium, Sr nomina corum in rotulo feribantur coronatoris. Si qurs autem talium occifus fuerit in campis vel in bofeis, Sr ibi inveniatur, primo inquiratur fi ibi occifus fuerit vel non, Sr fi forte illuc differatur, fequantur veftrgia eorum, fi poteft fieri, qui corpus illuc de-tulerunt, vcl.equi qui ducebat, vel caredle, fi forte cquo vel caic£la deferatur. Inquiratur eciam fi in-terfe£lus fuerit notus vel ignotus, Sr ubi no£te ilia precedente fuerit hofpitatus. Si autem hujusoccifi fuerint, de quibus dicitur quod culpabiles fint, fta-tim accedant coronatores ad domuro illorum, Sr inquirant que catalla habucrunt, Sr que blada in grangia; Sr fi liberi homines.fuerint, quantum terrain habtieiint, Sr quantum valeat per annum, Sr

they be Yrumen, -j Read they have, J Read they have.

que *

Anno quarto Edwardi I.

Stat. 2.

61

Cotton MS. que blada habuerint in terris ; & cum ita adquifie-rint de omnibus, appreciari faciant catalla Sc blada, Sc cxtendant terram, ficut ftatim vendi pofient, Sc liberentur villatis [tote villate~\ ad refpondend’ coram jufticiariis; fimiliter de terra libera, quantum valeat per annum, falvo fervicio dominorum feodi, &teneatur terra in manu domini Regis, quoufque domini feodorum pro eadem firiem fecerint [Jatif-fccerint.] Et hiis inquifitis, ftatim fepeliantur corpora mortuorum vcl occiforum.

Similiter inquirendum eft de fubmerfis, vel fubito mortuis, &poftea vidend’ eft detalibuscorporibus, utrum fie fubmerfi fuerint, vel occifi, vel jugulatb vel per fignum colli funibus ftrangulati, vel per alia membra, vel per lefuram in corpore inventam, fe-cundum hoc procedendo in forma predidla ; Et fi non fuerint occifi, tunc debet coronator attachiare inventorem, Sc omnes alios de focietate. De the-fauro invento debet coronator inquirere, qui feiunt inventorem, Sc fimiliter qui inde reftati furit, Sc hoc feire poteft, fcilicet fi quis fe gefierft vel duxe-rit folito, vel ad tabernam acceflerit, Sc diucius fic fe habuerit; pro tali fufpicione attachiari debet per iiii vel vi. vel per plures plegios, fi inveniri poflint. Si autem aliquis appellatus fuerit de raptu, appel-latus attachiari debet, fi appellum recens fuerit, Sc videant fignum veritatis per manifeftam fanguinis violenciam, vel huteiiumlevatum; Sc talis attachiari debet per iiii plegios,. vel per vi. fi invenire pof-fit; fi autem appellum fuerit fine hutefio, Sc fine fanguine manifefto, tunc fufficiunt plegii duo. De appello vero de plagis, Sc hujufmodi, fi plage fuerint mortalesjilatim capiantur appellati, Sc tenean-tur donee feiatur ft poffit' convalefcere, vel non; fcilicet lefus quodfi moriatur, teneantur rei; fi vero convaluerint, attachientur per quatuor pleg’ vel fex, fecundum quod plaga fuerit major vel minor : Si de mahemio fuerit, per plures quam quatuor ; de fimplici autem vulnere fine mahemio, duo .fufficiunt pleg’. Item de omnibus plagis videndum eft, que fit longitudo, latitudo, Stprofunditas, Scquibus armis vulneratus fit lefus; in quo loco corporis, Sc fi plures culpabiles fint; Sc, fi plura fint vulnera, quis qualem plagam fecit; Sc fic omnia debent ir-rotularr in rotulo coronatoris. Si vero aliquis, vel aliqui appellati fuerint, appellatus de fa£Io capiatur, Sc appellatus de forcia attachietur, l'alyo quoufque appellati de fa£fo convincantur vel deliberentur. De equis, batellis, careftis, Sc molendinis per que aliqui interficiuntur, que proprie dicuntur bani, areftentur, [apprecientur\ Sc poftea tradantur villatis, ut fupra. De wrecco marls, ubicunque in-veniatur, fi aliquis manus apponat, attachietur per bonos plegios & falvos, Sc predidtum wreccum ap-precietur. Sc liberetur villatis. Si autem aliquis rettatus fuerit de morte aiicujus periclitati, capiatur Sc imprifonetur ut fupra. Similiter de bomici-

U they Jhall caufe all the Land, Corn, and Goods to be || Read tltyjkall valued, in like manner as if they Jhould be fold inconti- cavIe f fhe c°rn nently, and thereupon they fhall be delivered to the a':<t Co° s‘° ‘ whole Townflhip, which fhall be anfwerable before Yaldtc h ex-the Juftices for all; (10) and likewife of his Free- undid, fi that hold, how much it is worth yearly over and above’bey may be [old, the Service due to the Lords of the Fee ; and the ®c'

Land fhall remain in the King’s Hands, until the Lords of the Fee have made Fine for it. (11) And • immediately upon thefe Things being inquired, the Bodies of fuch Perfons being dead or flain fhall be buried.

‘ II. In like manner it is to be inquired of them Perfon drowned, that be drowned, or fuddenly dead, and after fT ffeh ^

Bodies are to be feen, whether they were fo drowned, yefinof[ucb or flain, or ftrangled by the Sign of a Cord tied £ edict/(Sc. ftreight about their Necks, or about any of their Members, or upon any other Hurt found upon their Bodies, whereupon they fhall proceed in the Form Bro Coron (-abovefaid; -(2) and if they were not flain, then ought: Fitz.Coron. 241', the Coroner to attach the Finders, and all other in 265,436, 44tithe Company. (3) A Coroner alfo ought to inquire Treafurefound, of Treafure that is found, 4- who vaere the Finders, j Reatl fho and likewife who is fufpedted thereof; and that may be well perceived ** where one liveth riotoujly haunting fcr Infiance, liv-'■ Taverns, and hath done fo of long Time; hereupon'eth andbihavah ~ he may be attached for this Sufpicion by four,, or fix, at he.vfid to do,

'■ or more Pledges, if ff he may be found. (4) Fur-: ther, if any be appealed of Rape, be muft be at- ^ por J 1 tached, if the Appeal be frefh, and they muft fee read they. ’

1 apparent Sign of Truth by Eft’ufion of Blood, or an Appeal of Rape,

‘ open Cry made; (5) and fuch fhall be attached by tt For they, ■

1 four, or fix-Pledges, if It they may be found: (6) If [,? yf s- ;r ‘ the Appeal were without Cry, or without any mani- fohn, reaj Ej-_, ‘ P*"0-1! |l Sign or Token, ' two Pledges fhall be fufficient. fufion of Blood, • Upon Appeal of Wounds and fuch like, efpe- Appeal of-

• C . 1 “t X 7	11	.1	1	TV	. •	1	1	Wai, n A

feft

(7)

diis, burglariis, feu periclitatis, feuoccifis, levetur

C. 6. for Ele&ion cf Coroners. 3 H.'7. c 1. which irjhfls Penally in Coroners being rerr.ifi. And 1 //. 8. c. 7 which contain farther Regulations reJpeEVxr.g Ct-.ci.crs.	•	.	.	...

* * Read the Baity appealed of the Pelt, fall Be taken, and lie Petrty .appealed cf tie Force, &V. fiTiePartiei appealed if tic rad.

dally if the Wounds be mortal, the Parties appealed JY°.un'ls or fhall betaken immediately and kept until it be known perfedlly, whether he that is hurt fhall recover, or qj«r 'Fc[r'8efm-~ not; (8) and if he die, the ^H[ Defendant fhall be-dam, read Of--kept; and if II he recover Health, * they fhall be at--,fenders. tatched by four or fix Pledges, after as the Wound {I ?‘q<i f ,l~ is great or fmali. (9) If it be for a Maim, he fhall ,^ ^ find f no lefs than four Pledges ;■ if it be for a fmali finders.	1

Wound, % two Pledges fhall fuffice. ('io)'Al'fo all f Bornolefitbanp Wounds ought to he viewed, the Length, Breadth, "1"1»»«‘han. and Deepnefs, and with what Weapons,- |]- and ln.\p^pfjv',iouc what Part of the Body the Wound- or Hurt is, and y “AtihelVmnd' how many be culpable, AT and how many JVounds there is given, be, and who gave the Wound--, (n) all which Things f I. Read and if muft be inrolled in the Roll' of the Coroners. (\2)f here are many Moreover 1 if any be appealed *'* of any Adi done, as, l'f”‘ .fr10. Principal, they that be appealed of the Force Jhall be at- 'jpiJiZ.' t tached alfo, and furely- kept in Ward, until the principals and’ ; If Principals be attainted or delivered. (13) Con- Accdl'-n-y. cerning Horfes, Boats, Carts, Xt &c- whereby anv 1 Rc’'c! £ are flain, that properly are called Deodands, they Avail ^eodands " be valued and delivered unto the Towns as before is v/reck of the-faid. (14) Concerning Wreck of the Sea, wherefoe-Sea. eSlundhy ver it be found, if any lay Hands on it, he fhall be -,2 Ann.fiat. z. attached by fufficient Pledges, and the Price of the c:	,

Wreck fhall be valued and delivered to the Towns (15) If any be fufpefted of the Death of any Man-gv.	,-

being in danger of Life,- he fhall be taken and impri- Sufpeaed Per--foned, as before is faid. (16) In like manner Huy.fons-fhall be levied for all Murthers, Burglaries, and for ^	'

& ip. & M. c. 13. §. j.’ 35 Geo.z.

• 29'j

It, Arid Mil’s, 6fe:.

‘ Aden- '

6 i vStat. 2*

Ajhno quarto Edward11.	A.E).	r2	7§.

'■* Men flam, or in Peril to be flain, as otherwhere Is ufed * Sri England, and ailfhall follow' the Huy and Steps, as 4 near as can be; and he that doth not, and is convict '* thereupon, (hall be attached to be afore the Juftices '* of the Gdol, htc?

Cotton MS. . hutefium, Ticut alibi eft confuetudo in Anglia; Sr omnes fequentur hutefium, fcilicet hutefium & ve-ftigia, ft fieri poterit; Sc. qui non fecerit, Sc fuper hoc convincatur quod noluerit, attachietur quod fit coram Jufticiariis de gaola.. [tit prius. J

’The Statute of Bigamy, made 4 O&ob. Ann. 4 Edw. I. Stat. 3. a?id

Anno Dom. 1276.

N the Prefence of certain Reverend Fathers, Bi-* TCciianJ others9 fhops of England, and others * of the King's Coun-ef the Council it cil,. the Conftitutions under-written were re-dr?hni. °m ^ “ cited, and after heard and publifhed before the King f Read -who all “ apd his Council, f forafmuch as all the King’s Coun-

-/•

cil, as well Juftices as. other, did agree that they " ftiould be put in Writing for. a perpetual Memory; <{ and that they ftiould be ftedfaftly obierved.”

■ Cotton MS.

IN prefentia venerabilium patrum aliquorum Epifcoporum Anglie, -Sc aliorum de confilio regni Anglie, recitate fuerunt conftitutiones fubferipte & recordate. Sc poftmodum coram domino Rege & fuo confilio audite, qui omnes de confilio Juftic’ ftmiliter Sc alii concordarunt, quod in feriptura redigerentur ad perpetuam memori-am, Sc quod firmiter obfervarentur.

C A P. I.

In what Cafes Aid fhall be granted of the King, in what not.

»H. 7. ii.	‘

5 H. 7. 16.	4

9 H- 7- >5-	«

15 H. 7. 10.	<

t Not in tbc Original.

1| Who have held c tie UfeandPrac- c tier Iptoerto to c baye. been. ■	(

q Add it is of fneb Eflci.

Fitz. Proceed.	*

5, 6.	"	c

Firz. Traverf,

41.

1 Roll a?8;

3 Infr. 168.

The jirjl .Article.

Concerning Pleas where the Tenant excepteth, that he cannot anfwer without the King; it is agreed by the Juftices, and other learned Men of our Lord the King’s Council %of the Realm, || which heretofore have had the life and PraSlice of Judgement, that where a Feoffment was made by the King with a Deed thereupon, 51 that if another Perfon by a like Feoffment and like Deed be. bounden to Warranty, the Juftices could not heretofore have proceeded any further, neither yet. do proceed without the King’s Commandment had therefore, neither can it be thought that they may proceed,’

Primus articulus fic incipit:

LE placitis ubi vero tenens fic excipit, quod

____ fine Rege refpondere non poteft ; concorda-

tum eft per Juftrc’ Sc alios fapientes de confilio domini Regis, qui confuetudinem Sc ufum hafte-nus habuerunt, quod ubi feoft’amentum fadfum fuerit per Regem, & carta fuper hoc confedta, tantum fe habet, quod fi aliqiia perfona per con-fimile feoframentum, & per confimilem cartam, tenetur ad warrantum,, Jufticiarii ulterius. pr-oce-dere non potuerunt, nec hucufque proceflerunt, nift-fuper hoc preceptum [a domino rege] habuif* lent, nec videri poteft quod procedcre poffunt.

CAP. II.

In what Cafes Aid is granted of the King, in what not.

a Jnft. Z70.	“ A ND it feemeth alfo, that! they could not pro-

“ jtx. ceed in certain Cafes, as where the King hath confirmed or ratified any Man’s Deed to the Ufe of u another, or hath granted any thing as much as in him is, or where a Deed is fhewed, and Claufe con-“ tained therein, whereby he ought to warrantize * And in like Cafes they fhall not l'urceafe by occafion ‘ of a Confirmation, Grant, or Surrender, or other - •	‘ like, but, after Adyertifement rpade thereof to the

Rad. 2.7, "	‘ King, they fhall proceed without Delay.’

IN certis autem cafibus, utpote ubi Rex Con fir-maverit vel ratificaverit fa’dum alicujus in rem alienam, vel rem aliquam alicui conceflerit, quantum in ipfo eft, vel ubi profert cartam, quod Rex aliquod tenementum reddiderit, vel claufula ali-qua contineatur, per quam warrantia debeaturj & pro confimilibus cafibus, nec occafidne confir-macionis, ratificacionis, conceflionis, five reddici-onis aut aliorum confimilium fuperfedendum eft, quin poftquam hocRegi fuerit oftenfum, fine dila-cione procedatur.

CAP. Ill,

In Dower the King’s Grantee of a Ward fhall not have Aid.

Pitz. AiJ <3e Roi, 17, iz, 17. V>, 34, 11> &c>

ninth 171.

COncernmg the Endowment of Women, where the Guardians of their Hufbands Inheritance have Wardfhip by the Gift or Grant of the King, or where fuch Guardians be Tenants of the Thing in' demand ; or if the Heirs of fuch Lands be vouched to Warranty, if they fay that they cannot anfwer without the King: they fhall not furceafe upon the Matter therefore, but'fhall proceed therein according (o Right.’

E dotibus mulierurn, ubi aliqui CuftodlaS he*

__' reditatum marilorum fuoriim habeant, vel dc

dono F.egis, vel ex Concefiione Regis, five cuftodes rem petitam teneant, five heredes predidforum te-nementorum vocentur ad Warantum, fi excipi-ant quod fine Rege refpondere non poffunt: non idco fuperfedeatur, quin in loqucla predifta; ptout juftum fuerit, procedatur,

DE

A.D. 12.76-..

Anno quart© Ed ward x I.

Stat. 3..	6g.

CAP. IV.

Piirpreftures or Ufurpations upon the King’s Land fhall be refeifed.

' r V	.	Cotton	MS.

DE purprefturis, feu occupacionibus quibufcun-que faftis fuper dominutn.Regem, five in li-fe.ertate, aut in aliis, concordatum eft, quod tempore regis definitum erat, & confideratum, quod ubioocupatores fupecftites erant, vel fuerunt, Rex deplane refumatrem taliter occupatam de naanibus occupantium) quod & in Curia dontini Regis de qetero obfervetur; & fl qyis de hujufmodi remmp-cionibus c.onqueratur, grout juftujm. fu?rit, audi-atitr,

e a

*	/^Oncerning Purpreftures, or any Manner of Ufur- 9 Co. 16.

*	V-/ pations, made upon the King within Franchifes, Fit*. Dower,

‘ or elfewhere, it was agreed and determined in the i69°

‘ Time of King Henry, that where fuch Ufurpers-‘ were living, the King fhould refeife of new the Land.

‘ fo ufurped.out of the Hands of: the Ufurpers-; the ‘ which ■ Thing alfo fhall be from henceforth obferved , ... , .

‘ * in the Realm-, (2) and.if any do complain uponKtog'iCmrt.*

*	fuch Refeifers, he fhall he. heard like, as Right re- Enforced by

‘ quireth.’.	17	Ed.	*.*.13,

zJnft. 171.

P. v.

Bigamus (hall not be allowed his Clergy .:

DE Bigamis, quos dominus [Papa] in confiiio Lugduneml pmni privilegio clericali prirave-rit, per conftituciopem inde editam, & unde qui-dam rrelati illos, qui fuerunt effedii bigami ante predi&am conflatucionem,. & • de felonia reftati fuerunt, tanquam clericos exieerunt fibi liberand’; concordatum eft coram Rege &c confiiio fuo, quod conftitucb ilia jntelligertda eft, quod live effedli fint bigami ante predidtam conftitucionem, five poft, non liberenter Prelatis, immo fiat .de eis jufti-cia iicut de laicis.

Raft.

Concerning .Men. twice married, called Bigami,

; whom the Bifhop of Rome,, by a Conftitution made at the Council of Lions, hath excluded from all Clerks Privilege, whereupon certain Prelates (when fuch Perfons have been attainted for Felons) have prayed for to have them delivered as Clerks* which were made Bigami before the fame Conftitution; (z)

■ it is agreed and declared before the King .and his Council, that the fame Conftitution fhall be under-ftood in this wife,, that whether they- were Bigami before the fame Conftitution, or after, they .fhall not from henceforth be delivered to the Prelates,, but Altcred k7 ■JufUce fhall be executed upon-.them, as upon f	CW2T'~

Lay People.’	■	\	clergy*

106. 2 Inft. 273.- See i Jstc.. X. c..lXi. vibicb ntaies tbU Offence-TeUny.; .-J- Qtnft other.

C A P. VI.

By what Words in a Feoffment a Feoffor.fhall be bound to Warranty.

IN cartis autem, ubi continetur dedi et conceffi tale tencmentum, fine homagio, vel fine alia claufula: continente Warantiam, & tenend’ de do- ' natoribus & heredibus fuis per certa fervicia; con-' cordatum eft per eofdem,' quod donator & heredes ' fui teneantur ad warantizand5. Ubi auterri continetur dedi conceffi, tenend’ de capitalibus dominis,. aut de aliis quam de feoffatoribus vel heredibus fuis, nullo fervicio fibi- retento, fine horn agio, vel fine didta claufula,.heredes fui non teneantur ad warantizand’; ipfe tameiy feoffator [in vita ftia] rationt doni fui proprii, teneatur ad warantiam. Predicie autem conftituciones edite fuerunt in parliamento poft feftum fandli Michaelis, anno regni regis E, filii regis H. quarto, [C exttim habebunt locum,]

‘ TN Deeds alfo where is contained D edi If csxcej/i^yf *?> 22:-j ‘ A: tah tenement-urn without Homage, or without a 1 e° " *S *"

‘ Claufe that containeth Warranty, and to be holden \ Co! 3:".

‘ of the Givers, and their Heirs, by a certain Service 5 Co. 17.. e- it is agreed, that the Givers,. and their Heirs, fhall 800.51..-‘ be bounded to Warranty, (z) And where is con-‘ tained Dedi if concejji, ifc. to be holden of the chief ‘ Lords- of the Fee, or of other, J and not of Feoffors, J Read then the ‘ or of their Heirs, referving no Service, without Ho- Feoffors, ev,

^ mage, or without the forefaid. Claufe, ..their Heirs'. c fhall not be bounden. to Warranty,•’ notwithftanding:

‘ the Feoffor during his own Life, by Force of his own ‘ Gift, fhall be bound ta warrant. (3 ) All thefe Con-‘ ftitutions aforefaid were' made |] at IVeftminjler, in the || Not in- the -‘ Parliament next after the Feaft of St. Michael, the Original.

‘ fourth Year of the- Reign of King Edward, Son of ‘ -King Henry, and from that Time forth they fhall 3 inft. *7^*,-‘ take Effedt,’ * '	‘	•'

&-Te A.T. K Tv 44.

t

64

Anno fexto Edwardi I.

A. D. 1278.

STATUTA GLOUCES T.R’

Statutes made at Gloucefter, 4 O&obris, Anno 6 Edw.'I. and Anno

Dom. 1278.

Ex Rot. in 7"urr. Lond. m. 47.

LE an de grace MCCLXXVIII. e del regne le Rey Edward fiz le Rey Henri fifme a Glouceftre le mois de Auft purveaunt mefme le rei pur le amendement de fun resume e pur plus plenere exhi-bicion de dreit fi com le profit de office regal demaunde appelez les plus deferez de furi regne -aufi bien des greindres cum des meindres. Ertabli eft e concordaument ordeine qe cum mefme le regne err-plufurs divers cas aufi bien de fraunchifes com de autre chofes en les quele's avaunt lei failli e a efehuire les trefgrefs damages e les nient numbrables defheritefunS Les quels icel manere defaute jde lei fift a la gent du reaume eit mefter de divers fupplecions de lei e de noveles purveaunces e les eftatuz ordeignemenz a purveaunces fuz eferites de tute la gent del regne deforemek fermenter, t feient gardez. Cum Prelatz Cuntes Baruns e autres del regne cleiment aver divers fraunchifes a les quels examiner e jugger le Rey a mefmes ceus Prelats Cuntes Baruns e autres aveit done jour- purveu- eft e concordaument graunte qe les avaunt-ditz Prelatz Cuntes Baruns e autres tels manere de fraunchifes ufent iffint qe rien ne lur acrefte par.ufqrpa-cion ou occupaciun ne ren fur le Rei odcupent defqe a la procheine venue le Rei par le counte ou a la pro-cheine venue de Juftices erraunz a comuns plez en mefme le counte ou defqe le Rei comaunde autre chofe l’auve le dreit le Rei cum il envodra parler folom ceo qe il eft cuntenu en le bref le Rei. E de ceofoient-maunde brefs as Vifcuntes Baillifs e autres per chefcun demaundaunt e feit la forme del'bref chaungee folom la diverfete dez fraunchifes les quels chefcun cleime aver. E les Vifcuntes-par tutes.lur baillies ferunt’ communement crier ceo eft alaver en cites en burgS en viles marchaundes e aillours qe tuz ceizs qi au--cunes fraunchifes cleiment aver par les chartres les predeceflurs le Rei Reis de Engleterre ou en autre manere' feient devaunt le Rei ou devaunt juftices en eire a Certeinsljour e leu a muftrer quel manere de fraunchifes il cleiment aver e par quel garaunt. E les vifcuntes meimss dunqes ferrunt iloeqes perfonenment od lur baillifs e lur meniftres a certifier le Rei lur les avauntdites fraunchifes-e--autres chofes'qe celes fraunchifes louchent. E cefte criee devaunt lc Rei cunteigne garnifement de treis femeines- E mefme la manere fe-! runt les vifcuntes crier en eire de juftices. E en mefme la manere ferrount il perfonenment od lur baillifs e lur meniftres acertifierles juftices de tel manere de fraunchifes e dc autre chofes qe celes fraunchifes touchent.

E cefte criee conteigne garnifement de quaraunte jours fi com la commune fomonufe content iffi qe ft la partie qe cleime aver fraunchife feit devaunt le Rei ne feit p4s inis en defaute devaunt les Juftices en eire pur ceo qcle Rei de fa grace efpeciale ad graunte qe il garder la partie de damage quaunt a cel ajornement. E ft cele partie feit en plai fur tels manere de fraunchifes dtvaUnt une peire de Juftices avauntdiz mefmes les -Juftices devaunt les quels la partie eft en plai garderount la partie.de damage devaunt autres Juftices E le Rei devaunt lui mefmes mes qe il fache par les Juftices qe la 'partie full' eh plai deva'unt eus ft com il eft avauntdit. E ft cels qi tels fraunchifes cleiment aver ne viegnent al jour avauntdit dunqes feient les fraunchifes en nun de deftrefie pris en la main le Rei par le vifcunte del liu'iffi qe il tel manere de fraunchifes he' ufent defqe il viegnent a receivre dreit. E quaunt il veinent par cele deftrefee lur fraunchifes lur feient replevies ft il les demaundent les quels replevies refpoignent meintenaunt en la forme avauntdite. E fr.par aventure les parties exceptent qe il ne deivent nent de ceo refpundre faunz bref original dunqe ft il pufle eftre feu qe eus de lur propre fet eient ufurpe ou ocupe aucunes fraunchifes fur le Rei ou fur fes predeceffors dit lur feit qe meintenaunt refpoignent faunz bref e pus receiveut jugement ft com la Curt le Rei agardera.

E fi il dient outre qe lur aunceftre ou lur aunceftres de meifmes les fraunchifes morurent feifis foient oiz e meintenaunt feit la verite enquife e folom ceo aillent les juftices avaunt en la befoigne. E ft il feit trove qe lur aunceftre en moruft feifi dunqes eit le Rei bref original de fa chauncelerie cn la forme fete de ceo Le Rei maunde faluz au vifcunte fommonez par bons fomonours un tel qe il feit devaunt nus a ten lieu en noftre procheine venue eh cel Cunte ou devaunt nos Juftices a primeres affifes cum il en celes parties vendrount a muftrer par quel garaunt il cleime aver quitaunce de tonnue pur fei ou fes hommes par tut noftre reaume par continuacion apres la, mort tel jadis fun predecefi'our. E eiez les fomonurs e ceo bref. E fi les parties viegnent al jor refpoignent e feit replie e juge. E fi il ne viegnent ne fe effoignent devaunt le Rei e le Rei demoerge outre en cel Cunte feit comaunde al vifcunte qe il les face venjr al quart jor al quel jor fi il ne viegnent e le Rei demoerge outre en cel Cunte feit fet ft com eri eire des Juftices. E ft le Rei departe del cunte feient les parties ajornecs a bref jor e eient renables delais joufte les defcrecions des juftices ft cum en adfiuns perfoneles. E les juftices cn eire facent de ceo qn lur eires folom le ordeinement avauntdit e folom ceo qe tel manere de plez deivent eftre dedut en eire. De pleintes fetes e a fere des baillifs le Rei e de autri baillifs feit fet folom le ordeinement avaunt fet de ceo e folom les enqueftres de ceo avaunt prifes E de ceo frunt les Juftices en eire folum ceo qe le Rei lour ad enjoint e folum les articles qe le Rei lur ad livere 2.

CAP.

* See the Statute of Warranto, foh 70.

Anno fexto Edward 1 I.

C. 1—3.	65

C A P. I.

Several Actions wherein

Damages fhall be recovered.

Ex RoU inTurr. Lond.

CUM avaunt ces houres damages ne fuffent agardez en aflife de novele difleifine fors tauntfoulement vers les diffeififurs [dijjeifours] pur-veu eft qe ft les diffeififours alienent les tenemenz c neient dunt les damages puffent eftre levez qe ceus en qi mains icels tenemenz devendrunt feient charge des damages ifli qe chefcun refpoigne de fon tens. Pmrveu eft enfement qe le defeiii recovre damage en bref de Entre lur novele difleifine vers celui qi eft trove tenaunt apres le defeifur. Purveu eft enlement qe la ou en avaunt ces houres damages ne furent agardez en pie de mort de aunceftre fors en cas la ou tenement fu rccovcre vers le chief feig-nour qe deforemes damages feient agardez en touz cas ou en recovre par affifie de mort de aunceftre fi com eft avauntdit en aflife de novele difleifine en mefme la manerc recovre lem damages par bref de Cofinagedel Ael e del Befael.

Cotton MS. Vefpaf. B. 7. lou avant ces beurez damages ne furent taxez fors a la value del Iffue de la terre qe le demandant print £3’ poet prendre deformes recover vers’ le ten.ant les cou-fajes aefon brief pur chafe enfemblement ove le z damages avantditz Et tout ceo foit tenu en tout cas ou homme recover damages.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

II.	E feit deforemes en rneime lamancre chefcun tenu a rendre damages la ou om recovre vers lui de fa entrufiun ou de fun fet demeifne.

Idercas heretofore Damages were not awarded in Afiifes of Novel dijjeifin, but only againft “ the Difl’eifors (2) ‘ itis provided. That if the Dif-4 feifors do aliene the Lands, and have not whereof ‘ there may be Damages levied, that they to whofe 4 Pland fuch Tenements fhall come, fhall be charged ‘ with the Damages, fo that every one fhall anfwer for ‘ his Time. (3) it is provided alfo, That the Difleifee ‘ fhall recover Damages in a Writ of Entry, upon No-‘ 'vel diffcifin againft him that is found Tenant after the ‘ Difleifor. (4) It is provided alfo, that where before 4 this Time Damages were not awarded in a Plea of ‘ Mortdaunceflor (but in cafe where the Land was re-‘ covered againft the chief Lord) that from henceforth ‘ Damages fnall be awarded in all Cafes where a Man ‘ recovereth by Aflife of Mortdaunceflor, as before is ‘ faid in Aflife of Noveldiffeifin : (5) And likevvife Da-‘ mages fhall be recovered in Writs of Cofmage, Aiel, ‘ anaBefaiel.’

The Alienee of a Difleifor /hall be charged with Damages. Fitz. Damage* 14, 43, 66, 68, Si, 95- J°I, 102, 104, loS, no, 1*1, 123, 127, rig.

Hob. 95. Godbolr 112. Damages in Mortdaunceflor. Co. Lit. 10.116. Dyer, f. 370. Fitz. Damage,

6, 19, 97. Damages in Cofmage, Aiel, Befaiel,

44 II. And whereas before Time Damages were not where Damages 44 taxed, but to the Value of the Iffues of the Land;” fliall be recover* ‘ (2) it is provided. That the Demandant may reco- eh thereCofl3 4 ver againft the Tenant the Cofts of his Writ pur- a r°'

‘ chafeJ, together With the Damages abovefaid. (3)

‘ And this Atft fhall hold Place in all Cafes where the 4 Party is to recover Damages. (4) And every Per-‘ fon from henceforth fhall be compelled to render Da-‘ mages,, where the Land is recovered againft him up- 2 Inft. 213.

‘ on his own Intrufion, or his own A£t.’ .

C A P. II.

In what Cafe Nonage of the Plaintiff fhall not flay an Enqueft.

ESi enraunt dedenz age feit tenu hors de fun heritage apres la mort fun Cufin Ael ou Befael par que il conveigne qe il purchafe bref e fun ad-verfaire veigneen Curt e enrefponaunt allegge fef-fetnent ou autre chofe die par quei Juftices agardent enquefte la ou enquefte fu delae defque al age fi pali’e ore lenquefte aufi cum il fu de age.

1 TF a Child within Age be holden from his Heritage r L•, , f ‘ X after the Death of his * Father, Cofin, Grandfa- Dyer, f. j'cf. ‘ ther, or Great'Grandfather, whereby he is driven {o 3 Bul’flr. 137. ‘ his Writ, and his Adverfary cometh into the Court, * Net in de. 4 and for his Anfwer alledgeth a Feoffment, or plead- 0r‘Ztr-i!-4 eth fome other Thing, whereby the Juftices award ‘ an Enqueft, there whereas the Enqueft was deferred ‘ unto the full Age of the Infant, now the Enqueft 4 fhall pafs as well as if he were of full Age.’

CAP. III.

An Alienation of Land by the Tenant by the Curtefy with Warranty fhall be void.

EStabli eft enfement qe fi home aliene tenement qil tient par lei de Engleterre fun fiz ne feit pas barre par le fet fun pere par qi nul heritage ne lui eft defeendu a demander e recovrer par bref de mort de aunceftre la feifir.e fa mere tut face la chartre fun pere mentiun qe lui e les heirs feient tenuz a la garauntie. E fi heritage lui feit defeendu par fun pere dunqes feit il forclos de la value del heritage qe lui eft defeendu. E fin en tens apres heritage lui defeent par mefme le pere dunqe avera le tenaunt vers lui recoverer de la feifine fa mere par bref de jugement qe iftra des roules des Juftices devaunt les quels le plai fu pleidee refomoundre fun garaunt fi cum ad efte fet en autre cas ou le garaunt vint en curt e dift qe rien ne lui eft defeen-Vol. I.

‘ IT is eftablifhed alfo, That if a Man aliene a Te- Vaughan -66.

‘ I nement, that he holdeth by the Law of England, Stat. gAnn. 4 his Son fhall not be barred by the Deed of his Father c- Bro. For-‘ (from whom no Heritage to him defeended) to de-?e<io"'73-5Co* ‘ mand and recover by Writ of Mortdaunceflor, of the Lit T, -2-‘ Seifin of his Mother, although the Deed of his Fa- 366,381.3.382, ‘ ther doth mention, that he and his Heirs be bound a. 383.3,6.

4 to Warranty, (2) And if any Heritage defeend to D)cr, f-148.

4 him of-his Father’s Side, then he fir all be barred for Fltz-4 the Value of the Heritage that is to him defeended. fitzf Cui In*

‘ (^) And if in Time after any Heritage defeend to vita, 7, 8.

4 him by the fame Father, then fhall the 'Fenant reco- See 32 h. 8. c.

4 ver againft him of the Seifin of his Mother by a ju- 2S- w'itb regard 4 dicial Writ that fhall iffue out of the Rolls of the	^

4 Juftices, before whom the Plea was pleaded, to re- R'.ghi’cf K	4	fummon	tbeirm-oss*

C. 4—6.

Anno fexto Edwardi I.

A. D. 1278.

Keilw. 104. b. 124, «*5-

4 Inft. 202,

fummon his Warranty, as before hath been done in Cafes where the Warrantor cometh into the Court, faying, That nothing defcended from him by whofe Deed he is vouched. (4) And in' like Manner the Mhe of the Son fhahl recover by Writ of Cofmage, Aiel, and Befaiel. (5) Likewife in like Manner the Heir of the Wife mall not be barred of his Action after the Death of his Father and Mother, by the Deed of his Father, if he demand by Action the Inheritance of his Mother by a Writ of Entry, which his Father did aliene in the Time of his Mother, whereof no Fine is levied in the King’s Court.’

7 H. S, f. 28. Fitz. Refceit, $A 105.

Fitz, Scire fac%

J 54*

Kel. f.-75, 132. Fitz, Cel’avit, 10, 12, 19, 20, 23, 2.s', 27, 29, 32, 38, 39,

49> 52> 53i 56* Raft. pla. f. m, The Tenant payeth the Arrearage?, and fimleth Surety,

Regift. 237,

2 In ft. 205. Enforced and extended by 13 Ed. 1. ftat. r. c. 2T. 41. & 10 Ed. 2,

Dyer 2

Fkz. Waft, 62, c 117, 146.	«

Rro. Pari. 17. c Fitz. Judgment, c

8S, ”4, 25;* <

Fitz. Damage,

7, 22,42, 52,	‘

SO, in, 133.	<■

Co. Inft. 53. b. c 54. b. 203. b,

355-b-	,

J Roll 91, 97,

156.	«

Rjfl, 6$9, &c. Savill 42,

9 H. i-JJat. T.

4- saJ/. 3. t. 23.

72.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. du de lui par qui fet il eft vouche. En mefme la manere le iflue del fiz par bref del ael cofin e del befael. Enfement en mefme la manere ne feit le hier la femme apres la mort le pere e le mere barre de adtion par la chartre fun pere fi il demaunde le heritage ou le mariage la mere par bref de entre qe fun pere en tens fa mere aliena dunt nule fin eft levee en la Curt le Rey.

CAP. IV.

In what Cafe a Cejfavit is maintainable againft a Tenant in Fee-farm.

LSO if a Man let his Land to Ferm, or to find Eftovers, in Meat or in Cloth, amounting to the Fourth Part of the very Value of the Land, and he which holdeth the Land fo charged letteth it lie frefh, fo that the Party can find no Diftrefs there by the Space of Two or Three Years to compel the Farmer to render, or to do as Is contained in the Writing or Leafe ; (2) it is eftabliftied, that the Two Years being palled, the Leflor fhall have an Adtion to demand the Land in demean by a Writ which he lhall have out of the Chancery. (3) And if he againft whom the Land is demanded come before Judgement, and pay the Arrearages and the Damages, and find Surety (fuch as the Court fhall think lufficient) to pay from thenceforth as is contained in the Writing of his Leafe, he fhall keep the Land. (4) And ii he tarry until it be recovered by Judgement, he fhall be barred for ever.’

ENfement fi home left fa terre a fee ferme ou a trouver eftovers en vivre en vefture qe munte a la quarte partie de la verri value de la terre e celui qi tient la terre iffint charge la lefte gifir frifehe iffi qe Iem ne pufle trover deftrefee par deus anns ou treis faunz ent fere la ferme rendre ou faunz fere ceo que eft contenu en leferit del les eftabli eft qe apres les deus anns paffez eit le leftour adtioun a "demaunder la terre en demeine par bref qe il avera en la Chauncelrie. E ft celui vers qi la terre eft demaunde veigne avaunt jugement e rende les ar-rerages e les damages e trove feurte tele com la cort verra qe feit fuffefaunte a rendre en apres ceo qe eft contenu en le eferit fi retiegne la terre. E fi il de-moert defqe taunt qe ele feit recovre par jugement fi feit encorue a remanaunt.

CAP. V.

Several Tenants againft whom an Adtion of Wafte is maintainable:

5T is provided alfo. That a Man from henceforth fhall have a Writ of Wafte in the Chancery againft him that holdeth by Law of England, or other-wife for Term of Life, or for Term of Years, or a Woman in Dower. (2) And he which fhall he attainted of Wafte, fhall leefe the Thing that he hath v/afted, and moreover fhall recompenfe thrice fo much as the Wafte fliall be taxed at. (3) And for Wafte made in the Time of Wardfhip, it fliall be done as is contained in the Great Charter. (4) And where it is contained in the Great Charter, that he which did wafte during the Cuftody, lhall leefe the Ward-fhip, (5) it is agreed that he fhall recompenfe the Heir his Damages for the Wafte, if fo be that the Wardfhip loft do not amount to the Value of the Damages before the Age of the Heir of the fame Wardfhip.’

ENfement purveu eft qe lem eit deforemes bref f de Waft en la chauncelrie fait de ceo fur home qi tient par la lei de Engleterre ou en autre manere a terme de vie ou a terme de annz ou femme en doweire : e celui qui ferra ateint de waft perde la chofe qil ad waftee e eftre ceo face gre del trebble de ceo qe le waft ferra taxe. E endreit de waft fet en garde feit fait folom ceo qe il eft contenu en la graunt chartre. E par la ou il eft con* tenue en la graunt chartre qe celui qi avera fet waft en garde perde la garde Acorde eft qe il rende al heir les damages del waft fi ifli ne fejt qe la garde perdue ne fuffice my a la value des damages avaunt le age del heir de mefme la garde.

» loft. 299. See farther 13 Ed. J, 14, & 22. 20 Ed. I.flat. 2, and II II. 6. c, 5. agatr.ji whom JlSlion of WCtfie'U maintainable,

CAP. VI.

Where divers Heirs fhall have one Aftife of Mortdaunceftor.

Fitz. Joinder ‘ 'J T is provided alfo, That if a Man die, having in Aft. 11,31 c X many Heirs, of whom one is Son or Daughter,

34, 3?, 3"	‘	Brother or Sifter, Nephew or Niece, and the other

Co.inft. 164. a. < 0f a furtiier Degree, all the Heirs lhall recover 2 Inft. 307.	*	frorn henceforth by a Writ of Mort dauncefiord

See 1 j Ed, I. c. 2°. nvLere in V/rit of Cofmage, life. 'Tenant may plead that Plaintiff il Mt next Heir,

PUrveu eft enfement qe fi home moert & eit phi-furs heirs dunt le un eft fiz ou fillie frere on foer nevewe ou nece e les autres foient en plus loin-teing degre les heirs eient deforemes recoverer par bref de la chauncelrie de mort de aunceftre.

CAP.

Anno fexto Edwardi I.

C. 7—9.	67

CAP. VII.

A Writ of Entry in cafu provifo, upon a Woman’s Alienation of Dower.

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond.

ENfement fi femme vendc ou donne en fee ou a terme de vie tenement qe ele tient en dowaire eftabli eft qe le heir ou autre a qi la terre devereit revertier apres le deces la femme eit meintenaunt recoverer a demander la terre par bref de entre fet de ceo en la chauncelric.

LSO if a Woman fell or give in Fee, or for Fitz.Entre,7,8. k Term of Life, the Land that £he holdeth in Bro. ingrefs/3. Dower; it is ordained, That the Heir, or other to 2 In(l- 3°9-whom the Land ought to revert after the Death of-1 Rol7l6‘-fuch Woman, ftiall have prefent Recovery to demand the Land by a Writ of Entry made thereof in r , the Chancery.'

n H. 7. c. 20. which gives a Right of Entry to Reverfoners, Regift. 235*

CAP. VIII.

No Suit for Goods in the King’s Courts under Forty Shillings an Appeal lieth not

Attorneys may be made where

The Defendant being eflfoined lhall bring in his Warrant.

PUrvett eft enfement qe vifeuntes pleident en Cuntees les plefz de trefpas aufi com il foloient eftre pleidez. E qe nul eit deforemes bref de trefpas devaunt Juftices fe il na lie par fei qe les biens enportez vaillent qaraunte fol al meins. E ft il fe pleint de baterie a fie par fei qe fa pleint eft veritable. De plaies e de mahems eit em bref ft corn em foleit aver. E graunte eft qe les defendaunts puiffent fere attornez en tels plaiz ou apel ne eft i/Ii qe ft ils foient atteintz del trefpas en lur abfence feit demaunde al vifeunte qe il feient pris c oyent dunqe la peyne qil avereient ft il euflent efte prefent quant Is jugement fu rendu. E ft les plein-tifs deforemes en tel trefpas fe facent elfoncer apres la primere apparaunce feit jor done defqe a venue de Juftices e les defendaunz endementers feient en pes en tels plefz een autres plefz la ou attachemenz e deftrefees gifent. E ft le aefendaunt fe face eilo-neer de fervife le Rey e ne porte fun garant al jor qi eft done par fun effoneur qe il rende al pleintife les damages de la jornee de vint fouz ou de plus folom la dilcreciun des Juftices e ja le meins en la greve merci le Rey.

T is provided alfo, That Sheriffs .lhall plead Pleas of Trefpafs in their Counties, as they have been accuftomed to be pleaded. (2) And that none from henceforth lhall have Writs of Trefpafs before Juftices, unlefs he lvvear by his Faith, that the Goods taken away were worth Forty Shillings at the leaft. (3) And if he complain of Beating, he lhall anfwer by his Faith, that his Plaint is true. (4) Touching Wounds and Maims, a Man lhall have his Writ as before hath been ufed ; (5) and it is agreed, that the Defendants in fuch Pleas may make their Attornies, where Appeal lieth not; (6) fo that if they be attainted being abfent, then the Sheriff lhall be commanded to take them, and lhall have like Pain as they Ihould have had, if they had been prefent at the Judgement given. (7) And if the Plaintiffs from henceforth in fuch Trefpafles caufe themfelves to be efibined after the firft Appearance, Day lhall be given them unto the coming of the Juftices in Eyre, and the Defendants in the mean Time lhall be in Peace. (8) In fuch Pleas and other, whereas Attachments and Diftrefles do lie, if the Defendant effoin himfelf of the King’s Service, and do not bring his Warrant at the Day given him by the Eftoin, he lhall recom-penfe the Plaintiff Damages for his Journey Twenty Shillings, or more, after the Difcretion of the Juftices, and lhall be grievoufly amerced unto the King.’

Fitz. Brief, 550. i+H. 8. f. 15. zlnft. 310.

Bro. Attorn. '64, 74, 78, 8a, 88. Enforced by 43 El. c. 6. and 21 Jac, 1. c. 16. 'which bar Plain-tiffs of Cofls in ASions under 405. Fitz.Ef-foin, 16, 17, 39, 41, 79.

IlS, 198.

Cro. El, 96.

Keilw. 126. b«

CAP. IX.

One Perfon killing another in his own Defence, or by Misfortune.

An Appeal-of Murther.

E Rey comaunde qe nul bref de la chauncelerie J feit graunte- de mort de home de enquere fi home occie autre par msfaventure ou fei defendants ou en autre manere par felonie mes ft tel feit en priibn e devaunt Juftices erraunz ou Juftices afilgnez a g’naole deliverer fe inet en pais de bien e de mal e len truffs par pais qil eit fet fe defendaunt ou par mefaventure dunqe par record des Juftices face le Rei fa grace ft lui pleft.

Ex Cotton'MS. Vefpaf. B. 7.

[ Purnell eji enfement qe nul appel foit abatu fi le-germent come avant ad ejiee mes fi le appcllour counte

HE King commandeth that no Writ lhall be 9 II. 3.flat. 1.

_ granted out of the Chancery for the Death of a c•

‘ Man to enquire whether a Man did kill another by | Ed- ’• r> ”•

‘ Misfortune, or in his own Defence, or in other Ke" fo.^V’ioS. c Manner without Felony ; (z) but he lhall be put in Wood’s ink.

‘ Prifon until the coming of the Juftices in Eyre, or 62.8. Built. 80. c Juftices aftigned to the Gaol-delivery, and lhall put 2 Ed- 3-c-2-‘ himfelf upon the Country before them for Good and V, 14 Edm 3\ c Evil: (3) in cafe it be found by the Country, that ‘ he did it in his Defence, or by Misfortune, then by Kwg's fardm ‘ the Report of the Juftices to the King, the Kirig Ip*11 fo granted.

‘ lhall take him to his Grace, if it pleafe him. (4) It ffffcc 18 ‘ is provided alfo, that no Appeal lhall be abated fo	cia.

‘ foon as they have been heretofore; but if the Ap- », iyr\, Jhall be ‘ pellor declare the Deed, the \ ear, the Day, the directed to a ‘ Hour, the Time of the King, and the Town where Sheriff 10 charge ‘ the Deed was done * and with what IVcapon he was	t0

* Not in the Original,

K 2	‘	fain.

68

C. ro—12.

Regift. 134, 300.

Anno fexto Edwardi I.	A.D. 1278.

‘ fain, the Appeal fhall Rand in Effect, (;) and (hall ‘ not be abated for Default of frefh Suit, if the Party ‘ fhall fue within the Year and the Day after the Deed ‘ done.’

Ex Cotton MS. Vefpaf. B. 7. lefait IS lan le jour iS le temps u Roy IS la ville on le fait ft ft fait ft ftloife le appel Et mes ne foit appel abatu per defaute de frcfche fuite per quei qe homme fue deaeinz lan & le jour apres le faitj

C A P. X.

The Elufband and Wife being impleaded, fnall not fourch by ElToin*

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

CUM il feit contenu en le eftatutle Rei qi ore eft qe deus parceners ou deus qi tenent en commun ne puffent fourcher par effoigne del hours qe il averunt une feiz aparu en curt Purveu eft qe mefme ceo feit garde e tenu ou home e fa femme funt empledez en la court le Rei.

See j 3 Ed. i. c♦ 17,	12	Ed,	z.	fat,	z.	5	Ed,	3.	c.	6.	for	farther	Regulations	of	Effo'vns,

F;tz. Eflbin, 5, “ "fT7Hereas it is contained in the Statute of the tjII	“	V 7 King that now is, that two Parceners, or two

£? ?o.3' C'I3’ £^at hold in common, may not fourch by Effoin, 3 Ed. 1. c. 4-. “ after that they have once appeared in the Court:” 6? 44.	‘	(2)	It	is	provided.	That	the	fame	be	dbferved	and

‘ kept, where a Man and his Wife be impleaded in 5 inft.‘ the King’s Court.’

CAP. XI.

A feigned Recovery againft him in the Reverfion, to make the Termor lofe his Term.

2 Roll 22 3, 222, 245. Enforced by 21 H. 8. c. 15. Co. Inft. 46. a. 2 Inft. 321.

* Read then fhall * tie Execution of c Judgment for the < Demandant be fufp ended, &?<*.

Raft. 81.	4

JT is provided alfo, That if any Man leafe his Tenement in the City of London, for Term of Years, and he to whom the Freehold belongeth, caufeth himfelf to be impleaded by Collufion, and maketh Default after Default, or cometh into the Court, and giveth it up, for to make the Termor lofe his Term, and the Demandant hath his Suit, fo that the Termor may recover by Writ of Covenant: (2) The Mayor and Bailiffs may inquire by a good Inqueft, in the Prefenee of the Termor and the Demandant, whether the Demandant moved his Plea upon good Right that he had, or by Collufion, or by Fraud, to make the Termor lofe his Term : (3) And if it be found by the Inqueft, that the Demandant moved his Plea upon good Right that he had, the Judgment fhall be given forthwith : (4) And if it be found by Inqueft, that he impleaded him by Fraud, to put the Termor from his Term, then '* fall the Termor enjoy his Term, and the Execution of Judgement for the Demandant Jhall be fufpended until the Term be expired. (;) And in like Manner it fhall be of Equity before the Juf-tices in fueh Cafe, if the Termor do challenge it before the Judgement.’

CAP.

PUrveu eft enfement en la Cite de Lundres qe ft homebaut fon tenement a terme de anns e ce-lui a qi le fraune tenement eft fe face empleder par collu nun e face defaute apres defaute ou veigne en Curt e voille rendre pur fere le termer perdre fun terme e le tenaunt eit querele ifli qe le termer puiffe aver recoverer par bref de covenaunt le Meire e les baillifs puffent enquere par bone vifne en la prefence del termer e del demaundaunt le quel le demaundaunt pleida par dreit qe il aveit ou par collufiun ou par fraude pur fere le termer perdre fun terme. E ft trove feit par enqueft qe le demaundaunt meuft fon plai par bon dreit qe il aveit ft feit le jugement furni meintenaunt. E fi trove feit qe il pleidaft par fraude pur tolir le terme ad termer le executiun del jugement pur le demaundaunt feit fufpendu defqe apres le terme paffe. En mefme la manere feit fet de equite en tel cas devaunt Jufticcs ft le termer le chalange avaunt le jugement.

XII.

One impleaded in London voucheth Foreign Warranty.

Raft. 240,354. < 1 T is provided alfo. That if a Man, impleaded for fgl 3fi'16' ‘ i a Tenement in the fame City, doth vouch a Fo-41 nV. 1*1. z. * reigner to Warranty, that he fhall come into the Kc). f. io9. ‘ Chancery, and have a Writ to fummon his Warran-Fitz. Refceit, ‘ tor at a certain Day before the Juftices of the Bench, Ia6,	*	and another Writ to the Mayor and Bailiffs of Lon-

1 don, that they fhall furceafe in the Matter that is be-‘ fore them by Writ, until the Plea of the Warranty ‘ be determined before the Tuftices of the Bench : (2) ‘ And when the Plea at the Bench fhall be determined, ‘ then fhall he that is vouched be commanded to go into * the City, to anfwer unto the chief Plea. (3) And a ‘ Writ fhall be awarded at the Suit of the Demandant ‘ by the Juftices unto the Mayor and Bailiffs, that they ‘ fhall proceed in the Plea. (4) And if the Deman-‘ dant recover againft: the Tenant, the Tenant fhall ‘ come before the Juftices of the Bench, which fhall ‘ diredt a Writ to the Mayor and Bailiffs, that if the

PUrveu eft enfement qe ft home empleide de te--nement en mefme la cite vouehe forein a ga-raunt qe il veigne a la Chauncelerie e eit bref a, fomoundre fun garaunt a certein jour devaunt les Juftices del Baunc e un autre bref au Meire e as baillifs de Lundres qe il furfefent a la parole qe eft devaunt eus par bref defqe ataunt qe la parole de la garauntie feit terminee devaunt les Juftices du Baunk e quaunt la parole au Baunk ferra terminee e ferra dit al garaunt qc il yoiften la cite e refpoigne del chief plai e le demaundaunt par fa fuite eit bref des Juftices du. Baunk au Meire e as Baillifs qe il voifent avaunt en le plai. E ft le demaundaunt rccovre veigne le tenaunt as Juftices du Baunk c eit bref al Meire e. as Baillifs qe ft le te-

naunt

c. 13—15.	69

A. D. 1278.	Anno	fexto	Edwardi I,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. naunt eit fa terre perdue qe il facent eftendre la terre e returnent leftent au Baunk a certein jor e apres feit maunde al vifcunte del pais ou le garaunt fu fomouns qil lui face aver de la terre del garaunt a la vaillaunce.

‘ Tenant have loft his Land, they fhall caufe the Land 4 to be extended, and valued, and fhall return the Ex-4 tent at a certain Day into the Bench, (5) and after it ‘ fhall be commanded to the Sheriff of the Shire f where 4 the Warrantee was fummoned) that he fhall caufe * hn o have as much of the Land of the Warrantor Regilt. 2.

‘ in Value.’	Corrected	ty

9 Ed. 1,

CAP. XIII.

No Wade fhall be made hanging a Suit for the Land.

PUrveu eft enfement qe del houre qe plai ferra meu en la Cite de Lundres par bref le tenaunf ne eit pas poer de fere waft ne eftreppement du tenement qi eft en demaunde pendaunt le plai. E ceo face le Meire e les Baillifs garder a la fuite del demaundaunt. E mefme le ordenement e ftatut feit garde en autres cites c burgs e aillors par tut le reaume.

T is provided^alfo. That after fuch Time as a Plea fhall be moved in the City of London by Writ, the Tenant fhall have no Power to make any Waite’or Eftrepement of the Land in demand (hanging the Plea) and if he do, the Mayor and Bailiffs fhall caufe it to be kept at the Suit of the Demandant. (2) And the fame Ordinance and Statute fhall be obferved in other Cities, Boroughs, ,and every where throughout the Realm.’

Raft, pla* f. 3T77 14H. 7. f, 7. io* Dyer, f. 325.

5 Co. ns- .

See 13 Ed. 1. c, 14. which takes away thclVrit of Prohibition of Waft Prunxifons refcEi'wg Wof.e.

Godbolt 212. pi. 13+.

Regift. 76.

2 Inft. 327.

'e, See farther 13 Ed. 1. c. 22.	20	Ed.	1.	fat.	2.	And	11 [I. 6. c. r» eontainhg farther

C A P.. XIV-

A Citizen of London fhall recover in an Affife Damages with the Land.

E Rei graunte de fa grace a Citeins de Lundres qe la ou avaunt ces houres ceus qi fu-rent deffift de fraunc tenement en mefme la Cite ne

foeient rccoverir lur damages avaunt venue des uftices a la Tour qe ceus defeifis deforemes eient lur damages par la reconifaunce de la affife par la quele il recovererent lur tenement e les defeifours feient amerciez devaunt deus Barons del Efcheqer qi unefoiz par an vendrount en la Cite a ceo fere. E ceo feit maunde al Treforer e as Baruns qe il facent chefcun an par deus de eus apres lur lever de la Chaundelure, e les amerciemenz par fomo-nufe del Efcheqer feient levez e al eus le Rei a le Efcheqer livere..

THE King of his fpecial Grace granteth unto -the Citizens of London, that whereas beforetimes they that were diffeifed of Freehold in the fame City could not recover their Damages before the coming of the Juftices to the Tower, that from henceforth the Diffeifees fhall have Damages by Recognizance of the fame Affife whereby they recovered their Lands. (2) And the Diffeifors fhall be amerced before Two Barons of the Exchequer, which fhall yefort once a Year into the City-to do it. (3) And it fhall be commanded unto the Barons and to the Treafurer of the Exchequer, that they fhall caufe. it every Year to be levied by Two of them at their riftng after Candlemas. (4) And the Amerciaments, by Summons of the Exchequer fhall be levied to the.-King’s Ufe, and be delivered at the Exchequer.’

CAP. XV.

Urveu eft enfement qe le Meire e les Baillifs avaunt la venue de ceus Baruns enquerrunt des vins venduz In Wines,-encountre la.affife e le prefenterunt devaunt eus a lur venue e dunqe feient amerciez la ou il foleient Raft- ■■ atendre la venue des Juftices.. Done a.Glouceftre.le dimeins prochein apres la fefte fein Pere a la goule dc Auft le an avauntdit. .

An Expofition of the faid Statute of Gloucester, made alfo Anno 6'-

Edwardi I.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

POftmodum per Dominum Regem & Juftic’ fuos fade funt quedam explanationes quorum-dam articulorum fuperius pofitorum videlicet Ad primum articulum ubi illi qui habentingreffum per diffeifinam currant dampna a tempore ftatuti publicati. Eodem modo de brevibus de ingreffu fuper diffeifinam.

De dampnis in omnibus brevibus mortis antecef-foris confanguinitatis avi proavi de intrufione vel de fadto proprio per quodcumque breve currant

‘ A FT ER, by the King and his Juftices, certain",,	,

‘ /"% Expofttions were made upon fome of the Ar- cap'’

‘	•“-	tides above mentioned, thatistowit, (2) To

‘ the ftrft Article, for Entries by Diffeifin, Damages c fhall run from the Time of the Statute publifhed,

‘ (3) In the fame wife in Writs of Entry upon Dif-‘ feifin, and in all Writs of Mortdauncejier, Co/inage,

4	Alel, or Befatel. of Iutrufion by. one’s own Adi hv ‘ any manner of Whit, Damages fhall run after the 4 Writ purchafed againft them that held by Statute,.

‘ 'nihdi

7°’

Stat.< Glouceft. ca^. 4,

5-

<>,

7'

3.



1 o» JI.

2. Tnft. 179, b, Kel, 150.pl, 1.

A Writ to the Sheriff to permit all Men to enjoy thofe Liberties which they had before.

A Proc’amation, tb2t they which claim Liberties, fhail fhew to the Juffices how they hold them.

Anno lexto Edwardi I.	A.D.	1278.

‘ albeit their Anceftors died feifed thereof. (4) Touch-c ing an Inqueft to be made of fuch as be within Age, ‘ the Statute (hall run without Limitation of Time. £ (5) Touching Alienation of Lands holden by the ‘ Law of England, the Statute fhail run for fuch Lands 5 being aliened after the Time of' the Statute publifhed. ‘ (6) In like manner the Statute fhail extend and run c upon the Lands of a Wife aliened by her Hufband c (whereas no Fine was levied thereof in Court.) (7) ‘ Touching Lands being let in Fee-fcrm, to pay there-‘ fore yearly the fourth Part of the very Value thereof, e the Statute fhail run as well unto i^ands that were s leafed before the making of'the Statute, as after, in ‘ cafe that the Tenant have withholden above the £ Space of two Years, after the Statute publifhed, fo ‘ much as he fhould have'paid to his Leffor yearly ac-‘ cording to the Form of the Covenant. (8) And as ‘ to the Punifhment of Wafte in all Cafes (except it ‘ be of Dowers and Wards) it fhail be underftood of ‘ Waftes done fithence the Statute publifhed. (9) And 1 of the Forfeiture of Treble in Cafes of Waites of ‘ Dowers and Wardfhips, it fhail be underftood of ‘ Waftes committed after the Statute publifhed. (10) £ And as concerning them which do aliene their Dow-‘ ers, it is to be underftood after the publifhing of the ‘ Statute. (11) Given at Gloucefter the Sunday next ‘ after the Feaft of Saint Peter ad vincula, the fixth ‘ Year of the Reign of King Edivard the Firft.’

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. a. dampna poll impetrationem brevium contra eos qui tenuerunt poll ftatutum licet aritecefiores fui prius inde obierint feifiti. De inquiftcione facienda que tarigit illos qui funt infra etatem currat ftatutum fine temporis limitacione. De terris alienatis per illos qui tenent per legem Anglie currat ftatutum de hujufmodi terris alienatis poft ftatutum illud publicatum.

Eodem modo currat ftatutum de terris uxoris alienatis per virum ubi finis non eft levatus.

De terris dimifiis ad feodi firmam reddendo inde annuatim quartam partem veri valoris currat ftatu -turn tam de terris dimifiis ante ftatutum quam poft ftatutum dum tanien tenens detinuerit ultra duos annos poft ftatutum editum id quod folvere debuit dimiflori per annum juxta feriptum convencionis illius.

De pena vafti in omnibus preterquam in dotibus 5c cuftodiis intelligatur de vaftis fablis poft ftatutum. Et in pena reddendi triplum in cafibus vafti de cuftodiis Sc dotibus intelligatur de vaftis fatftis poft ftatutum.

De illis quialienant dotem fuam intelligatur poft ftatutum. Dat’ apud Glouc’ die dominica proxi-ma poft feftum fanbfi Petri ad vincula Anno regni Regis Edwardi fexto.

A Statute of Quo Warranto, made at Gloucefter, Anno 6 Edw. I. a

Claiming and ufing of Liberties, and Caufes to feife them into the King’s Hands. Complaint

1 '	of	Officers.

c HE Year of our Lord M.CC.LXX.VIII. the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Edward, at Glon-‘	| cefter,	in the Month of Augitft, the King himfelf providing for the Wealth of his Realm, and the

‘	more	full Miniftration of Juftice, as to the Office of a King belongeth (the more difereet Men of

‘ the Realm, as well of high as of low Degree, being called thither) (2) it is provided and ordained, ‘ That whereas the Realm of England in divers Cafes, as well upon Liberties as otherwise, wherein the

*	Law failed, to avoid the grievous Damages and innumerable Difherifons that the Default of the Law did ‘ bring in, had Need of divers Helps'of new Laws, and certain new Provifions, thefe Provifions, Statutes, c and Ordinances under-written, fhail from henceforth be fcraitly and inviolably obferved of all the Inha-

*	bitants of his Realm. (3) And whereas Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other of our Realm, that claim to

*	have divers Liberties, which to examine and judge, the King hath prefixed a Day to fuch Prelate-, Earls, ‘ Barons, and other; it is provided and likewife agreed, That the faid Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other,

*	fhail ufe fuch Manner of Liberties, after the Form of the Writ here following..’

II. Rex vie’ falutem. Cum nuper in parliamento lioftro apud Weftmonafterium, per nos Sc concilium-noftrum provifum fit Sc proclamatum, quod prelati, comites, barones, Sc alii de regno noftro, qui diverfas iibertates per chartas progenitorum noftrorum regum Anglie habere clamant, ad quas'examinandas &judi-candas diem praefixerimus in eodem parliamento, libertatibus illis taliter uterentur, quod nihil fibi per ufur-pationem feu occupationem accrefcerent, nec aliquid fuper nos occuparent. Tibi precipimus, quod omnes illos de comitatu tuo libertatibus fuis, quibus hucufque rationabiliter ufi funt, uti Sc gaudere permittas in forma praeditfta, ufque ad proximum adventum noftrum per comitatum praedidfum, vel ufque ad proximum adventum jufticiariorum itinerantium ad omnia placita in comitatu, vel donee aliud inde. prteceperimus: fal-vo femper jure noftro cum inde loqui voluerimus. Tefte, See.

‘ III. In like Manner and in the fame Form Writs fhail bediredled to Sheriffs and other Bailiffs for every ‘ Demandant, and the Form fhail be changed after the Diverfity of the Liberty which any Man claimetli to ‘ have, in tliis wife

IV. Rex vie’ falutem. Prsscipimus tibi, quod per totam ballivam tuam, videlicet, tam in civitatibus, quam in burgis, & aliis villis mercatoriis. Sc alibi, publice prbclamari facias, quod omnes’illi qui aliqnas Iibertates per chartas progenitorum noftrorum regum Angliae, vel alio modo, habere clamant, lint coram. jufticiariis noftris ad primam affifam, cum in partes illas venerint, ad oftendendum quomodo hujufmodi liber-

* This is a Tranflation of the Hr it Part of the Statute of GlweeJItr, as entered on the Roll, and has been printed in the former Editions by Miftake, a: of 30 Ediv, I,

tates

Anno fexto Edvvardi I.

71

tates habere‘clamant, & quo warranto, 5c tu ipfe fis ibidem perfonaliter una cum ballivis & miniftris ad cer-tificandum ipfos jufticiarios fuper his & aliis negotiis illud tangentibus.

‘ V. This Claufe of Liberties, that beginneth in this wife, Prescipimus tibi, quad public? proclamari facias, Ss'c. is put in the Writ of common Summons of the Juftices in Lyre, and fhall have a Premonition by the Space of forty Days, as the common Summons hath ; (2) fo that if any Party that claimeth to have a Liberty, be before the King, he fhall not be in Default before any Juftices.in their Circuits ; for the King of his fpecial Grace hath granted, that he will fave that Party harmlefs as concerning that Ordinance. (3) And if the fame Party be impleaded upon fuch manner of Liberties before one or two of the forefaid Juftices, the fame Juftices, before whom the Party is impleaded, fhall fave him harmlefs before the other Juftices ; and fo fhall the King alio before him, when it fhall appear by the Juftices, that fo it was in Plea before them as is aforefaid. (4) And if the forefaid Party be.afore the King, fo that he cannot be the fame Day afore the faid Juftices in their Circuits, the King fhall fave that Party harmlefs before the forefaid Juftices in their Circuits for the Day, whereas hewas before theKing. (5) And if he do not come in at the fame Day,-then thofe Liberties fhall be taken into the-King’s Hands in Name of Diftrefs, by the Sheriff of the Place, fo that they'fhall not ufe them until they come to anfwer before the Juftices; (6) and when they'do come in by Diftrefs, their Liberties fhall be replevifed (if they demand them) in the which Replevins they fhall anfwer immediately after the Form of the Writ aforefaid ; (7) and if percafe they will challenge, and fay that they are not bounden to anfwer thereunto without an original Writ, then if it may appear by any mean, that they have ufurped or occupied any Liberties upon the King, or his Predeceftors, of their own Head or Prefumption, they fhall be commanded to anfwer incontinent without Writ, and moreover they fhall have fuch Judgement as the Court of our Lord the King will award; (8) and if they .will fay further, that their Anceftors died feifed thereof, they fhall be heard, and the Truth fhall be inquired incontinent, and according to that Judgement fhall be given ; (9) and if it appear that their Anceftors died feifed thereof, then the King mall award an Original out of the Chancery in this Form Rex vie’ falutem. Sum’ per bonos fummon’ talem, quod fit coram nobis apud talem locum in proximo adventu noftro in com’ praedidt’ vel coram jufticiat iis noftris ad proximam affifam, cum in partes illas venerint, oftenfurus quo warranto tenet vifum francipleg’ in manerio fuo de N. velfic, quo warranto tenet hundredum de S. in com’ praedidV ; vel, quo warranto clamat habere thelonium pro fe Sc hre-redibus fuis per totum regnum noftrum ; & habeas ibi hoc breve.. Tefte, Sec. (10) ‘ And if they come in at the fame Day, they fhall anfwer, and Replication and Rejoinder fhall be made ; (it) and if they do not come, nor be effoined before the King, and the King do tarry longer in the fame Shire, the Sheriff fhall be commanded to caufe them to appear the fourth Day; (12) at which Day if they come not, and the King be in the fame Shire, fuch Order fhall be taken as in the Circuit of Juftices; (13) and if the King depart from the fame Shire, they fhall be adjourned unto fnort Days, and fhall have reafonable Delays according to the Difcretion of the Juftices, as it is ufed in perfonal Adtions. (14) Adfo the Juftices in Eyre in their Circuits fhall do according to the forefaid Ordinance, and according as fuch Manner of Pleas ought to be ordered in the Circuit. (15) Concerning Complaints made and to be made of the King’s Bai-lifts, and of other, it fhall be done according to the Ordinance made before thereupon, and according to the Inquefts taken thereupon heretofore ; (1' ) and the Claufe fubferibed fhall be put in a Writ of common Summons in the Circuit of the Juftices affigned to common Pleas directed to the Sheriff-,. &c. and that fhall be fuch :’ Rex vie’ falutem. Prrecipimus tibi, quod publice proclamari facias, quod omnes conque-rentes, feu conqueri volentes, tam de miniftris & aliis ballivis noftris quibufeunque, quam de miniftris & ballivis aiioruin quorumeunque, & aliis, veniant coram jufticiariis noftris ad primam affifam, ad quafeunque querimonias fuas ibidem oftendendas, & competentes emendas inde recipiendas fecundum legem & confuetu-dinem regni noftri, & juxta ordinationem per nos inde factam, & juxta tenorem ftatutorum noftrorum, & juxta articulos iifdem jufticiariis noftris inde traditos, prout prsedidti jufticiarii tibi feire faciant ex parte noftra. Telte meipfc, See. decimo die Decembris, anno regni noftri, See.

Liberties feifed into the King’s Hands in the Name of Diftrefs.

A Qft.0 Warranto for a Leet or 0tier Liberty.

A Proclamation,^ that all, who will complain of the King’s Of-‘ficers, fhall ftiev/ their Griefs to the Juftices.

A Statute 30 die Odobris, Anno 7 Edvvardi I. Stat. 1. and Anno'

Dorn. 1279.

I

To all Parliaments and Treatifes every Man fhall come without Force and Arms ’.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

ED W ARD par la grace de dieu Roi Dengle-terree Seignur Dirland &l DucDaquit’ A fes Juftices du Baunk faluz.

Come nadgairs devant certeins perfons deputez a treter fur aicuns debates euz entre nous & afeuns des grauntz de noftre roialme entre autres chofes fuift accorde qen noftre profehein parlement apres purveiaunces fait per nous Si le comune AfTente-ment des Prelates Countes Barouns qen toutes Par-lementz tretementz & autres afl’emblez qe fe fer-ront en le roialme Dengleteire a touz jours qe homme viegne faunz tote force Si fanz armesbien

“ * f a SHE King to the Juftices ©f his Bench fend- » RoadEdward I - eth Greeting. Whereas of late before cer- by tbs Grace of “	tain	Perfons deputed to treat upon fundfy G°J> Ki*g of

“ Debates had between us and certain great Men of	AJ'

{C our Realm, amongft other Things it wasaecorded,

“ That in our next Parliament, after Provifion fhall be ihtj-.f ec made by us, and the common Aftent of the Prelates, tias,-&c,

“ Earls, and Barons, that in all Parliaments, Trea-“ tifes, and other AfTemblies, which fhould be made “ in the Realm of England for ever, that every Man “ fhall come without all Force and Armour*, well and <c peaceably, to the Honour of us, and the Peace of us

® This is taken from the Sccur.da Pars Vucrum Statutorum, snd is in j11 the Rraliih hei1 kcs.

3-

“ and'-

y2 Stut i.	Anno	feptimo	Edwardi	I.	A.	D.	1279.

r“ and our Realm. (2.) And now in our next Parlia-“ ment at JYeJlminJler, after the faid Treatife, the Pre-“ lates, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of our “ Realm, there afferribled to take Advice of this Buii-ei nefs, have faid, that to us it belongeth, and our “ Part is, through our Royal Seigniory, ftraitly to de-“ fend Force of Armour, and all other Force againft “ our Peace, at all Times when it fhall pleafe us, and “ to punifti them which fhall do contrary, according “ to our Laws and Ufages of our Realm ; (3) and “ hereunto they are bound to aid us as their Sovereign “ Lord at all Seafons,' when Need fhall be.” (4) * We command you, that ye caufe thefe Things to be ‘ read afore you in the faid Bench, and there to be en-_ f ,	*	rolled. Given at JVejlminfler, the thirtieth Day of

Enforced by i n l ■> ,	J	J	?	J

s. Ed. 3. c. 3. October, t 7K'2' r'>3-

ar.J 20 R. 2. c. 1,	4 Add ir. the yth Year of our Reign,

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

& peifiblement al Honour de nous & de la pees de nous & de noflre roialme & ja en noftre profchein Parlement a Weftmonftre apres le dit tretis les Prelates Countes & Barouns & le comunalte de noflre roialine illocqes affembles en avifement fur cefle bufoigne nous eient dit qe a nous appent &c devons per noflre roiale Seignurie defendre forte-ment des armes & toute autre force countre noflre pees a toutes les foitz qe nous plerra & punir ceux qi countre viendrent felonc les leies & les ufages de noflre roialme.

Et qe a ceo fount ils tenuz de nous eider come lour bone Seignur toutes les foitz qe miefler ferra Vous maundons qe cedes chofes facez lire devant vous en dit Baunk & illoeqes enrouller. Don’ a Weflm’ le xxx. jour Dodlobr’ lan de noflre Regne feptifme.

^ Add Stet. 2. A Statute of Mortmain, made 15 Novemb. Anno 7 Edw. i. * and

Anno Dom. 1279.

Who fhall take the Forfeiture of Lands given in Mortmain.

4 Add the King “ % \ ~%1 HERE of late it was provided, That Rezothe Juftias of “	%/W	ligious Men fhould not enter into the

his Bench greet- cc « ® Fees of any without Licence and Will of "ate, ’’dc'd ^ t*ie chief Lord, of whom fuch Fees be holden im-9 //. 3. fat. 1, “ mediately ; and notwithflanding fueh Religious Men c. 36. 1 Roil “ have entered as well into their own Fees, as into ,54. *S7> 457- “ the Fees of other Men, approprying and buying a H to’ 1	“	them, and fometime receiving them of the Gift of

&	2. c. 3S.1’ “ others, whereby the Services that are due of fueh 8H. 4.13.	“	Fees, and which at the Beginning were provided for

41 Ed.3.16, 21. “ Defence of the Realm, are wrongfully withdrawn, 47 Ed. 3. 11. «t an(j the chief Lords do leefe their Efchetes of the fame:” (z) ‘We therefore to the Profit of our 24, 27’ 31!	*	Realm, intending to provide ‘ convenient Remedy,

39’ 41’ 43!	’	‘	by the Advice of our Prelates, Earls, || Barons, and

40 Ed. 3. 22._	*	other SI our Subjects, being of our Council, havep:o-

Fiti. Moitmain, c vided, made, and ordained, That no Perfon, Reli-Ed° 41 gious or other, wbatfoever he be that will, buy or FiL. Formedon, * fell any Lands or 'Fenements, or under the Colour of 57. Fi:2. Qnare ‘ Gift or Leafe, or that will receive by reafon of any imp. 1S3.	<■	other Title, whatfoever it be, Lands or Tenements,

Ir?r!g‘	‘	or by any other Craft or Engine will prefume to ap-

Men^lf df ‘ ProPJ'e to himfelf, under Pain of Forfeiture of the Xingdm. £ fame, whereby fuch Lands or Tenements may any No Land fhall * wife come into Mortmain. (3) We have provided be aliened in * alfo, That if any Perfon, Religious or other, do Monma n upon 4 prefume either by Craft or Engine to offend againft felture thereof!” C lh's Statute, it fhall be lawful to us and other chief

2	Bulfir, 1S7,	‘	Lords of the Fee immediate, to enter into the Land

3	Bulftr. 45.	‘	fo aliened, within a Year from the Time oftheAlie-

‘ nation, and to hold it in Fee as an Inheritance. (4) Who fliall lake ‘ And jf the chief Lord immediate be negligent, and the Benefit of c w;]j not enter jnt0 fuch Fee within the Year, then it t c or enure, t {^g]] )je ]awfu] to the next chief Lord immediate of ‘ the fame Fee to enter into (he fame Land within -half ‘ a Year next following, and to hold it as before is ‘ faid; and fo every Lord immediate may enter into ‘ fuch Land, if the next Lord be negligent in entering * into the fame Fee, as is aforefaid. (5) And if all ‘ the chief Lords of fuch Fees, being of full Age,

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. m. 47.

EX Juftic’ fuis de Banco falutem. Cum du-dum provifum fuiffet quod viri religiofi feoda aliquorum non ingrederentur fine lieentia & voluntate capitalium dominorum de quibus feoda ilia immediate tenentur & viri religiofi poftmodum ' nichilominus tam feoda fua propria quam aliorum ' hadlenus ingreffi fint ea fibi appropriando & emen-do & aliquando ex dono aliorum reeipiendo per quod fervicia que ex hujufmodi feodis debentur & que ad defenfionem regni ab initio provifa fuerunt indebite fubtrahuntur in domini capitales efcaetas fuas inde amittunt.. Nos fuper hoc pro militate regni congruum remedium provideri volentes de confilio Prelatorum Comitum & aliorum fidelium regni noftri de confilio noftro exiftentium providimus ftatuimus & ordinavimus quod nullus religio-fus aut alius quicumque terras aut tenementa ali-qua emere vel vendere aut fub colore donationis aut termini vel alterius tituli cujufcumque ab aliquo recipere aut alio quovis modo arte vel ingenio iibi appropriare prefumat fub forisfaftura eotumdem per quod ad manum mortuam terre & tenementa hujufmodi deveniant quoquo modo. Providimus etiam quod fi quis religiofus aut alius contra prefens ftatutum aliquo modo arte vel ingenio venire prefumpferit liceat nobis & aliis immediatis capi-talibus dominis feodi taliter alienati illud infra annum a tempore alienationis hujufmodi ingredi & tenere in feodo & hereditate. Et fi capital’ domi-nus immediatus negligens fuerit & feod’ hujufmodi ingredi noluerit infra annum tunc liceat proximo eapitali domino mediato feodi illius infra dimi-dium annum fequentenv feodum illud ingredi & tenere ficut predidlum eft & fie quilibet dominus mediatus faciat fi propinquior dominus in ingredi-endo hujufmodi feod’ negligens fuerit ut predidlum eft. Et fi omnes hujufmodi capitales domini hujufmodi feodi qui plene fuerint etatis & infra qua-tuor maria & extra prifonam per unum annum negligentes vel remiili fuerint in hac parte nos

ftatim

Anno nono Edwardi I.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 47. ftatim polt annum completum a tempore quo hu-jufmodi emptiones donationes aut alias appropria-tiones fieri contigerit terras & tenementa hujuf-modi capiemus in manura noftram & alios inde feoffabimus per certa fervicia nobis inde ad defen-fionem regni noftri facienda falvis capitalibus domi-riis feodorum illorum wardis efcaetis h aliis ad ipfos pertinentibus ac ferviciis inde debitis & con-fuetis. Et ideo vobis mandamus quod ftatutum predidhim coram vobis legi & decetero firmiter te-neri & obfervari faciatis. T. R. apud Weft’ xv. die Novembr’anno &c.-feptimo.



c,’32. 18 Ed. i.flat. 1. c. 3

Jhall be adjudged Mortmain.

34 Ed. J; flat. 3 23 H. 8. c. 10. fo

within the four'Seas, and out of Prifon, be negligent or flack in this Behalf, * we, immediately after * Aji/arom the Year accomplifherj, from the Time that fuch ■a>Me Ymr, Purchafes, Gifts, or Appropriations hap to be made, fhall take fuch Lands and Tenements into our Hand, and fhall infeoff other therein by certain Services to be done to us for the Defence of our Realm ; faving to the chief Lords of the fame Fees their Wards and Efchetes, and other Services thereunto due and ac--cuftomed. . (6) .And therefore we command you,, that ye caufe the forefaid Statute to be read before you, and from henceforth to be kept firmly and ob-ferved. Witnefs my felf at Wejlmirjler the Fifteenth Enfmci ?vi Day of November, the Seventh Year of our Reign.’ Kd^i. Iht 1.

See 18 Ed.- 3. flat. 3. c. 3. with refpeEi to Licencesfor Purchafes in Mortmain ; and 15 R. 2. c. 5. mb at Purchafes giving Lands to pious Ufes.for twenty Tears. See 22 Car. 2. c. 6. enabling Corporations to purckafe in Mortmain,

7 & 8 IV. 3, c. 37, empowering the King to grant Licences to alien in Mortmain, and 9 Geo. 2. c. 36. refraining Gifts in Mortmain by Will,

A Statute made 2 Maii, Anno 9 Edw. I. and A. D. 1281.

1

A Correction of the Twelfth Chapter of the Statute of Gloucefier, touching calling Foreigns to

Warranty in London *.

Cotton MS. Clattdiv.s, D. 2.

PUrveu eft enfement qe fi homme emplede en la Citee de Loundres vouche forein a garant le Meir & les Baillifs ajournent les parties devant Juftices de Baunk a certain jour & envoient la lour recorde h les Juftices facent fomondre le

farrant devaunt eux & plcdent le garantie & le deir A les Baillifs endementers furfefent a la parole qeft devaunt eu per brief jefqes a taunt qe la parole de la.garantie foit termine devaunt Juftices du Baunk & quaunt la parole ferra termine au Baunk ferra dit al garant qil voift en la Citee & re-fpoigne du chief plee.

E le demandaunt per fa fuite eit brief des; Juftices du Baunk a Meir & as Baillifs qils voifent a-vaunt en la plee.

Et fi le demandaunt recovere veigne le tenant as Juftices du Baunk & eit brief al Mier & as Baillifs qe file tenant eit fa terre perdu qils facent eften-dre la terre & retournent leftent au Baunk a certein jour apres foit mande a Vifcounte du pais ou le garant feuft fomons qil face aver de la terre du garant a la vaillaunce.

Et fil avient qe le tenant face defaute al jour qe lui eft done al Baunk donqes iftra brief des Juftices du Baunk au Meir & as Baillifs de prendre le tenement demande en le meyn le Roi per le petit cape & de fomondre le tenant qil foit al Hulling au certein jour dount les Juftices ferront avifez a rendre jugement de cel defaute fil ne la puifle fauver.

Et fi la puifle fauver adonqcs foient les Juftices de ceo certifiez per lour record."

Et les Juftices per lour record pledent la garant ie.

Memorand’ quod ifte articulus in forma predidfa confignatus fuitfub magno figillo Domini E. R. fil.

‘ TT T is provided alfo, That if one being impleaded The Manner of. ‘ | in the City of London, do vouch a Foreign to proceeding, c Warranty, the Mayor and the Bailiffs fhall ad- when Foreigns c journ the Parties before the Juftices of the Bench at ^ voucJ’e‘Jt(>

‘ a certain Day, and fhall fend their Record thither; London/' e (2) and the Juftices fhall caufe the Warrantor to be ‘ luinmoned before them, and fhall try the Warranty;

‘ (3) and the Mayor and the Bailiffs in the mean Time ‘ fhall furceafe in the Matter that dependeth afore ‘ them by Writ, until fuch Time as the Warranty be ‘ determined before the Juftices of the Bench ; (4) and 6 Ed. 1. flat. 1. ‘ whentheMatterfhallbedetermined*, Commandment & z- c- ,z-i fhall be given to the Vouchee to depart into the City, t, ,n tie ‘ and to anfwer to the firft Plea; (5) and the Demand- m ’ c ant, at his Suit, fhall have a Writ from the Juftices ‘ of the Bench, unto the Mayor and Bailiffs, that they ‘ fhall proceed in the Plea. (6) And if the Demand-‘ ant recover, the Tenant fhall come to the Juftices of ‘ the Bench, and have a Writ to the Mayor and Bai-‘ liffs, that in cafe the Tenant have loft his Land, they ‘ fhall caufe it to be extended, and return the fame ‘ Extent unto the Bench at a certain. Day. (7) And ‘ after, it fhall be commanded to the Sheriff of the 6 Shire, where the Warranty was fummoned, that he ‘ fhall caufe the Tenant to have of the Lands of the ‘ Warrantor to-like Value. (8) -And if it fortune that ‘ the Tenant make Default at the Day that is affigned

*	him in the Bench, then fhall there go forth a Writ ‘ from the Juftices of the Bench to the Mayor and Bai-c liffs, to feife the Land demanded into the King’s c Hands by a Petit Cape, and to fummon the Tenant,' c that he be at the Huftings at a certain Day, whereat ‘ the Juftices fnall be advifed to give Judgement upon ‘ the lame Default, if he cannot fave it; and in cafe

‘ he can fave it, then the Juftices fhall be certified 24,> 3S4>-

*	thereof by their Record, and by the fame Record	,	’■

‘ they fhall plead the Warranty. ^	_	Co. Ent. i7S.

‘ II. It is to be remembered, that this Article in c Form aforementioned, was figned under the Great ‘ Seal of King Edward, Son of King Henry*, in * Qu.Edward,

Vo£. I.

a This is taken from the Secundapan vctcrum Jtalntsrum, and is in all the Englilh Editions,

«the

Anno dectmo Edwardi I.

Rad. 2.

4 in It, 113, 215.

51 H, y.Jlat, 5*

The Bodies of Shires*

Annual Rolls.

* Vox of, read uu

f Qu. JhaJl be written in annual Rolls of fub-feoticnt Dates,

| Add which fern to be clear,

A Roll of defpe-rate Debts.

H F*tai Innlled.,

A. D. 1282.

‘ the ninth Year of his Reign, and Tent unto the Juf-‘ tices of the Bench after the Manner of a Writ Pa-4 tent, with a certain Writ ciofed, dated by the King’s ‘ Hand at TVeJlminJler the Second Day of Afay, the ‘ Year before mentioned, that they fhouiddo and exe-* cute all and every Thing contained in the Article 4 aforefaid, albeit that the fame do not a cord with the 4 Statute of Glnicejler in all Things.’

Cotton MS.

R. E. Anno Regni fui nono & miffus Juftic’ dtf Banco in modum litere patentis cum quodambrevi claufo fub data Regis apud Weftm’ fecundi diet Maii Anno predidto quod ipfi ohinia & lingula in articulo' predicto contehta facerent & exequerentur non obftante quod articulus idle in omnibus cum diftoftatuto non concordat.

A new Statute of the Exchequer, called

The Statute of RUTLAND, made 24 Maii, Anno 10 Edw. I: and

Anno Dom. 1282.	,	v.	-

*	,	pi	1

Touching the Recovery of the King’s Debts \

“ t'H'M HE King to his Treafurer and Barons of the 44	|	Exchequer, Greeting,” ‘ To the Intent that

‘	■*"	Provifion may be had for the Indempnity of

4	us and our People, in certain Things touching us 4 and our People aforefaid, in our faid Court of Ex-4 chequer, (z) we will and provide. That from hence-4 forth the JSodies of Shires {hall not be written in fe-’

4	veral Rolls, but {hall be written in a certain annual 4 Roll by themfelves, and {hall be read every Year 4 upon the Accoinpts of Sheriffs, that is to wit, * of 4 feveral Counties, that it may be known if ought 4 may accrue unto us by any Mean. (3} TheRema-4 nents of the Ferms of the fame Shires f Jhall be writ-4 ten poft terras datas in the annual Rolls, and the She-4 riffs {hall be charged therewith; (4) in which Rema-4 nents the Liveries and Alms afligned {hall be allow-4 ed, and other Allowances (if Sheriffs have had any)

4	of the Hides of their Bailiwicks by our Writs. (5)

4	And becaufe of the Suggeftion of our Bailiffs, our 4 Writs are made of divers Allowances, unto ourgrie-4 vous Damage, (6) we will and provide. That of 4 fuch Manner Allowances foto be made, from hence-4 forth View {hall be made in our Exchequer; and the ‘ fame View being faithfully made, the fame Trea-s furer and Barons {hall certify our Chancellor of the 4 due Allowances fo to be made, and that Writs of Al-4 lowances {hall be made according to the fame Certi-4 ffcate. (7) Moreover, there {hall be written in the 4 fame annual Rolls the Ferms of the Sheriffs, the Pro-4 fits of Counties, the Ferms of Serjeanties and Afferts,

4	the Ferms of Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and other 4 Ferms, whereof there is Anlwer made yearly in the 4 Exchequer. (8) And in them alfo {hall be written 1 all Debts determined, allgrofs Debts, whereof there 4 is hope that fomewhat {hall be paid, and all other 4 Debts that feem to be clear; (9) but when it is 4 come unto accompt to the Title of New Duties,

4	nothing {hall be written in the annual Roll, but thofe 4 Debts whereof there is hope of Payment, and where-4 of the Sheriff is anfwerable, and Debts found in the 4 Originals

4	if. Of dead Ferms, and Debts defperate, where-4 of there is no hope, one Roll {hall be made, and 4 {hall be 1) intituled Comitatus, and read every Year

4 This is taken from the Sccur.da fart, &c, ii

4

Cotton MS. Vefpafian, B. 7.

REX Thes’ & Baron’ fuis de Scaccario ut in-dempnitati noftre & populi noftri inaliquibus que nos & populum predi&um in Scaccario predi&o contingunt profpiciatur volumus & pro-videmus quod non feribantur decetero corpora Co-mitatuum in Rotulis ffngulis fet feribantur in quo-dam Rotulo annual! per le &legantur ffngulis annis fuper compotum Vic’ lingula viz. in ffngulisCorhi-tatibusut feiaturff quid nobis poflit accidereex qua4 cunque caufa Remanentia vero eorundemComitatu-um per pofteras datas feribantur in rotulis annualibuS & onerentur inde Vic’ in quibus quidem remanen-tibusallocenturliberationes aceleemofine conftifutC & alieallocationes fi quas Vic’ habuerit de exhibits ballive fue fuper brevia noftra. Et quia ad fugge-ftiOnem diverforurh baljivotum fiuht brevia noftra de diverfis allocationibus in • grave damphum ho-ftfurh ; volumus & pfovidermts de hujufmbdi allocationibus fic faciendis de cetero fiat vifus in Scaccario noftro '& hujufmodi vifu fideliter faeffo iidem-Thes’ & Baron’ certificent CancelTafio rioftro de didtis allocationibus fic fa£tis & fiaht brevia de allocationibus juxta certificationem prediflam. Scrr-bantur etiam in eifdem rotulis annualibus firme Vic’ proficua Comitatulim firme feriahtiarttm & af-fertorum firme Civitatum Burgorum & Villarum & alie firme de quibus refponfum eft an-nuatim ad' fcaccarium prediclurn; & feribantur in eifdem omnia debita atterminata, & omnia groffa debita, de quibus fpes eft quod aliquid inde reddi poflit'. Item-, omnia debita que videntur effe clara. Cum verq-perventum fuerit in compoto ad titulum de Novis. oblationibus, nichit feribatur in rotulo annual!, nifi ea de quibus eft fpes, & de quibus Vic’ refpon-debit, & debita in originalibus que videntur effc-clara..

De firmis vero mortuis, & debitis de quibusnorr eft fpes, fiat unus rotulus; & irrotulentur & lcgan-tur ffngulis annis fuper compotum Vic’ U debita de

to the EnglJfh Editions,

quibus

7-S

Cotton MS. Vefpaftany B. 7. quibus Vic’ refppndebit fcribantur in rotulo an-nuali, & ibi acquietentur.

Item volumus b providemus, quod proclametur in fingulis Comitatibus quod omnes illi qui habent tallias de Scaccario de debitis fuis, vel anteceffo-rum fuorum, ibidem ha&enus folutis, b nondum allocatis, que adhuc veniunt in fummonitione Scac-carii, liberentur hujufmodi tallie Vic’ fuis allocande ad Scacearium fuper compotis fuis, b Vic’ pre-didti faciant illis a quibus tallias fie receperint fcrip-ta fua teflificantia receptionem talliarum illarum fummam b occafionem debitorum.

, Interfint etiam reception! talliarum illarum duo fideles Milites ad hoc deputandi, inter quos & pre-fatum Vic’ fiant cirograffa.de hujufmodi receptioni-bus, figillis eorum alternatim munita.

Prefati vero Milites ad hoc deputati mittant ad Scacearium ad terminum ftatutum partes fuas ciro-grafforum predi&orum in forma predifla, ut per vifum b teftimonium eorundem difle tallie per Vic’ fie recepte exibeantur b fuper compotis fuis allo-centur.

Proclametur etiam, quod niff illi qui habent hujufmodi tallias exhibeant Vic’ b Militibus ut prer didtum eft exequendas, diftringantur pro toto de-bito, b quod tallie predi&e pro non folutis reputa-buntur.

Item ut debita que adhuc veniunt ad fummoni-tionem Scacearii unde debitores proferunt tallias contradiverfos Vic’ deputentur b acquietentur.

Providemus etiam, quod aliqui ad hoc aflignandi €X parte noftra mittantur in fingulis Com’ qui ha-beant poteftatem plenam inquirendi de hujufmodi debitis, & etiam vocandi coram eis folempniter tarn Vic’ quam heredes & aflignatos b tenentes terra-rum eorum, fi ipfi mortui fuerint, qui hujufmodi debita receperint, b etiam procedendi ad hujufmodi inquif. capiend. fi necefl'e fuerit cum partes contra quas predidte tallie oftenfe fuerint venerint, cum non, teftificata prius per Vic’ fummonitione eis rationabiliter inde facta b inquifita & difeuffa in prefentia partium fi intereifc voluerint veritate, faciant inquifftores rotulos de omnibus coram eis convidlis & conceflis ; & irrotulatis prediclis debitis, ftatim frangantur tallie eorundem. Et Vic’ habeant penes fe fub figillis inquifitorum tranferipta rotulorum predi&orum b fuperfedeant diftriiStioni-bus faciendis pro debitis in eildem contentis donee aliud a nobis inde habuerint in mandatis. Prefati vero inquifitores mittant ad Scacearium fub figillis fuis rotulos fuos predidtos, ut ibi ferutin. inde fa-ciend. examinentur que debita funt in toto b que in parte foluta, & que non, et acquietentur debitores fecundumquod per curiam fuerit faciend.

Item volumus b providemus, quod camcrarii non faciant de cetero vie’ feu eorum quibufeum-que ballivis, tallias dividend!, nifi receptis ab eis prius paiticulis, fummas b occafiones debitorum nomina ea folventium continentibus-, in quas

‘ upon the Accompt of Sheriffs ; and the Debts where-‘ of the Sheriffs are anfwerable fhall be written.in the ‘ annual Roll, and there fhall be acquitted.

*	III. Moreover, we will and provide, That it fhall Tallies for

*	be proclaimed in every County, that all they that

*	have Tallies of the Exchequer, for the Debts of ‘ themfelvcs or their Anceftors, hitherto paid ufually ‘ there, and not yet allowed, which yet do come in the ‘ Summons of the Exchequer, they do deliver to the ‘ Sheriffs fuch Tallies, to be allowed at the Exche-‘ quer upon their Accompts. (2) And the Sheriffs ‘ fhall make to them (of whom they fhall fo receive 1 Tallies) their Writings, witnefiing the Receipt of ‘ thofe Tallies, and Occafion of the Debts.

‘ IV. Two faithful Knights deputed thereunto, fhall T\vo Knights,

- be prefent at the Receipt of the Tallies aforefaid, be-

*	tween whom and the faid Sheriffs indentures fnall be ‘ made of fuch Receipts, with the Seals of them both

*	interchangeably.

*	V. The forefaid Knights, deputed thereunto, fhall ‘ fend the Parts of their Indentures, at the Term ap-‘ pointed, unto the Exchequer in Form aforefaid, to ‘ the end, that by the View and Witnefs of them, the { faid Tallies fo received by the Sheriffs, maybe fhew-‘ ed and allowed upon their Accompts.

c VI. Moreover, it fhall be proclaimed, That ex- Having Tallies,

? cept thofe that have fuch Tallies do deliver them to .and l?',t Jellker!'

‘ the Sheriffs and Knights, as afore is faid, that thenms ‘ they fhall be diftrained for the whole Debt, and that ‘ the forefaid Tallies fhall be reputed for unpaid.

‘ VII. Moreover, the Debts which yet are to come ‘ in the Summons Of the Exchequer, whereof the ‘ Debtors do proffer Tallies againft divers Sheriffs,

‘ fhall be defalked and acquitted.

VIII. Moreover we provide, That certain Perfons Commlflions to c afligned thereunto on our Behalf, fhall be lent into enquire of the

*	every Shire, which fhall have full Power to enquire Hing’s Debt;.

‘ of fuch Manner of Debts ; (2) and alfo to call afore

‘ them folemnly, as well the Sheriffs, as their Heirs ‘ and Affigns, and the Tenants of their Lands, in cafe ‘ they be dead that have received the Debts ; (3) and

*	alfo, if Need be, to proceed to the taking of fuch ‘ manner of Inquefts, whether the Parties (agajnft ‘ whom the forefaid Tallies were fhewed) do come or ‘ not; fo that the Sheriff do return a reafonable Sum-

*	mons made to them therefore ; (4) and fo the Truth ‘ being inquired and difeuffed in Prefence of the Par-c ties (if they will be there) the Inquifitors fhall make ‘ Rolls of them that fhall be convidl afore them; fo ‘ that the forefaid Debts being confeffed and inroiled,

*	the Tallies of the fame fhall be forthwith broken. c (5) And the Sheriffs fhall have in their Cuftody the ‘ Tranfcripts of the fame Rolls, under the Seals 'of ‘ tne Inquifitors; (6) and fhall furceafe in making ‘ Diftrefies for the Debts contained in the fame, until ‘ they fliall have otherwife in Commandment from us ‘ therefore. (7) And the forefaid Inquifitors fliall fend ‘ unto the Exchequer the forefaid Rolls under their ‘ Seals, that it maybe examined there, by a Search to

‘ be made therefore, what Debts be paid in the Whole, '	'	»

*	and what are paid in Part, and what Debts there be,

*	whereof the Debtors be not acquitted, according as

*	fhall Re convenient to be done.

‘ IX. Moreover, we will and provide, That the xa!i;es 0f d;_

‘ Chamberlains from henceforth fliall not make to the vijjnds.

‘ Sheriffs, or any of their Bailiffs, Tallies of dividen-‘ dis, unlefs they firft receive of them Writings con-‘ taining the particular Sums * of the Actions of Debts, * ArJOtiafim, L z	*	and

jf

76

Anno undecimo Edwardi X.	A.	D.	1283.

| Qu, And into t nukat Parcels <■ they would have 4 jurb Dividends i d ft' ibuted,	1	^

The Sheriff re-tnfneth that the * Debtor is not c found, or hath 4 nothing.	€

c

(

<

(

No Suit /hall be profecuted in the * Exchequer, un- < lefs it concern 4 the King, or his c Officers there.

Regiff. 187.

and the Names of them that paid them, + unto the which Particular's he may part the Names of fuch manner dlvldendls; (2) which being fo received under their Seals, it fhall not be lawful to number them into other Particulars.

‘ X. Moreover, we provide. That all Debts, where-unto the Sheriffs make P„eturn, that the Debtors have nothing in their Bailiwicks, lie had not at fuch Time as they were charged with the fame Debts, or that the Debtors be'not found, that the fame Debts fhall be eflreated in Rolls, and the fame Rolls to be delivered unto faithful and circumfpeft Men, which fhall make Inquiry thereof after fuch Form as fhall be provided by the Treafurer and Barons.

‘ XL But for fo much as certain Pleas were heretofore holden in the Exchequer, which did not concern us nor our Minifters of the Exchequer, whereby as well our Picas, as the Caufes of our People, are unduly prorogued and letted; (2) we will and ordain, That no Plea fhall be holden or pleaded in the Exchequer aforefaid, unlefs it do fpecially concern us and our Minifters aforefaid. (3) And therefore we command. That ye caufe the Premiftes to be di-ftimftly and openly read afore you, and to inroll it, caufing the fame to be ftraitly obferved in our Court of Exchequer aforefaid. In Witnefs of which, &c. Yeven at Rutland the four and twentieth Day of the Month of May, in the tenth Year of our Reign J

Cotton MS, Vcfpaftan, B. 7. quidem particulas voluerint hujufmodi dividenda partiri, quibus fub figillis eorum receptis, non licet eas in alias particulas minuere.

Providemus etiam, quod omnia debita ad que Vic’ mandent quod debitores nihil habent in bal-livis fuis nec habuerunt tempore quo onerati fue-rint de eifdem debitis, vel quod non fint inventi, extrahantur in rotulis, & tradantur rotuli illi viris fidelibus & circumfpedfis, qui inde facient inquift in forma per Thef. & Baron, providenda.

Set quia quedam placita in Scaccario noftro hadlenus tenta, que Nos feu Miniftros ejufdem Scaccarii noftri non contingunt, per quod noftra placita & populi noftri negotia coram nobis indebite prorogantur & impediiintur ; volumus & ordi-hamus, quod nullum placitum-teneatur feu placi-tetur in Scaccario preaidlo, nifi fpecialker contin-git Nos vel Miniftros noftros predi&os. Et ideo vobis mandamus, quod premifla coram vobis di-ftindle & aperte leg!. & irrotulari faciatis, & de cetero obfervari in predidto Scaccario noftro. In cujus &c. T. R. apud Rotel. xxiiii. die Mail anno X°..

STATUTUM de MERCATORIBUS,

lTbe Statute of Aclon-Burnel, made Anno 11 Edw. X. and Anno Dora*

1283.

Ordaining the Statute-Merchant for Recovery of Debts.

,>c '|,''Orafmuch as Merchants, which heretofore' “ IH have lent their Goods to divers Perfons, be “ greatly impoverifhed, becaufe there is no fpee-“ dy Law provided for them to have Recovery of “ their Debts at the Day of Payment aftigned ; (2) and by reafon hereof many Merchants have with-“ drawn to come into this Realm with their Merchan-“ dizes, to the Damage as well of the Merchants, as “ of the whole Realm;” ‘ (3) the King by him-4 felf and by his Council hath ordained and eftablifhed, ‘ that the Merchant which will be fure of his Debt, ‘ fhall caufe his Debtor to come before the Mayor of

*	London, or of York, or Briflol, or before the Mayor

*	and a Clerk (which the King fhall appoint for the ‘ fame) for to knowledge the Debt and the Day of

1 Mod. 186.	‘	Payment; (4) and the Recognifance fhall be entered

‘ into a Roll with the Hand of the faid Clerk, which Co. Lit.289. b. ‘ fhall be known. (5) Moreover, the faid Clerk fhall Cro. El. 233,	‘	make with his own Hand a Bill obligatory, where-

1S5>	‘	unto the Seal of the Debtor fhall be put, with the-

‘ King’s Seal, that fhall be provided for the fame Pur-‘ pofe, the which. Seal fhall remain in the keeping of ‘ the Mayor and Clerk aforefaid ; (6) And if the ‘ Debtor doth not pay at the Day to him limited, the ‘ Creditor may come before the faid Mayor and Clerk

*	with his Bill obligatoryj (7) and if it.be found by

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 46.

PUR ceo qe Marchaunz qi avaunt ces houres unt prefte lur aver a diverfe genz funt cheuz. en poverte pur ceo qe il ni avent pas ft redde ley purvew par la quele il poient lur dettes haftive-ment recoverir al jor afis de paye e par cele ache-fun funt mult de Marchaunz fuftretz de venir en cefte terre od lur Marchaundifes a damage des Marchaunz e de tut le Reaume. Le Rei par lui* e par fun confeil ad ordine e eftabli qe Marchaunt qi veut eftre feur de fa dette face venir fun dettur devaunt le Meire de Lundres ou de Everwyk ou. deBriftowe e devaunt le Meire e devaunt un Clerk qe le Rey a ceo atornera conoife la dette. e le jor de la pae e feitla reconifaunce enroulee de la main le avauntdit clerk qe ferra conue. E eftre ceo la-vauntdit clerk face de fa main le eferit de obligation al quel eferit feit mis le feal del dettur od le feal le Rei qe a ceo eft purveu le quel leal demoera. en fauve garde le Meire e del clerk avauntdit. E ft le dettur nene rende al jor qc lui eft afis fi veigne le creaunzur al Meire e al clerk od fa lettre de obligatiun c fi trove feit par roulc e. par lettre qe-

77

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. la dette fu conue e qe le jor afis feit pafle le Meire par vewe de prodes homes meintenaunt face vendre les moebles al dettur cum ateint de la dette fi com chatels e burgages devifables defqes a la fumme de la dette e les deniers faunz delai paez as crcaun-zur. E fi le Meire ne troefl'e achatur face par renable pris liverer les moebles al creaunzur defqe a la fumme de la dette en allowaunce de fa dette. E a la vente e a la liveree des burgages devifablis ferra mis' le feal le Rei avauntdit en pardurable tefmoinaunce. E fi le dettur ne eit moeble en le poer le Meire dunt la dette poet eftre levee einz eit aillours en le reaume dunqe maunde le Meire defuz le feal avauntdit a Chauncelier la. co-noiflaunce fete devaunt lui e le avauntdit clerk e le Chauncelier envoyeb'ref al vifcunte en-qi baillie le dettur avera moebles e le vilcunte face fere gre al creaunzur par mefme la forme qe eft devifee qe le Meire le fereit fi les biens moebles al' dettur fuf-fent en fun poer., Mes bien fe gardent ceuls qi priferunt les moebles pur liverer. al creaunzur qe il. mettent refnable pris e owel qe fs.il les prifent trop haut-en favour deldettoure en damage del creaunzur la chofe prifee feit liveree a cels qi la averunt prife par le pris qe. nais.i.unt e. meintenaunt re-fpoignent al creaunzur de fa dette. E ft le dettur voille dire qe fes biens moebles fuerent venditz ou liverez pur meins qe il ne vailent de ceo ne purra il-remedie aver par quei qe le Meire ou le vifcunte eyent leaument'les biens moebles a celui qi plus offri vendu car il purra retter a lui mefmes qe avaunt le jor de la foute poeit fes biens moebles aver vendu e par fa main les deniers leve enevoleit. E- fi le dettur ne ad moebles dunt tute la dette puifle eftre levee dunqe feit fun cors pris ou qe il feit trove e en prifun tenu defqe taunt qe il eit fet gre ou fes amis pur lui. E ft il nad del foen dunt eftre fuftenu en prifun le creaunzur lui trufle pain e ewe ifli qe il ne moerge pur defaute les quels cuftages le dettur lui rende od la dette avaunt ceo qe il ifli de prifun. E fi le creaunzur feit marchaunt eftraunge i-1 demorra as cuftages del dettur tut le tens qe il fiwera pur fa dette lever defqe al jor qe les -biens moebles al dettur feient venduz ou a lui liverez. E fi le creaunzur ne fe pae pas de la feurte foulement le dettur parquei plegges. lui. foient tro-vez ou mainpernours les mainpernours ou les plegges veignient devaunt le Meire e le avauntdit clerk e fe obligent par efcrit.e par.reconoiflaunce fi com avaunt eft dit del dettur. En mefme. la ma-nere fi la dette ne feit paee aljor afis feit fete la execution fur les plegges ou mainpernours cum avaunt eft dit del dettur.

Ifli ne purquant qe taunt come la dette pufle pleinement eftre levee des biens moebles al dettur

‘ the Roll, and by the Bill, that the Debt was know- Acknowledging ‘ ledged, and that the Day of Payment is expired, a S:atute-‘ the Mayor ftiall incontinent caufe the Moveables of ‘ the Debtor to be fold, as far as the Debt doth amount* p. N- b. 130,

‘ by the praifing of honeftMen, as Chattels, Burgages &c.

‘ devifable, until the whole Sum of the Debt; and ‘ the Money, without Delay, ftiall be paid to theCre-‘ ditor. (8) -And if theMayorcan find no Buyer, he .

‘ ftiall caufe the Moveables to be delivered to the Cre-‘ ditor at a reafonable. Price, as much as doth amount ‘ to the Sum of the Debt, in Allowance of his Debt;

‘ (9) and the King’s Seal {hall be put unto the Sale ThcSca! of the ‘ and Deliverance of the Burgages devifable for a per- Statute.

‘ petual Witnefs. (10) And if the Debtor have no ‘ Moveables within the Jurifdidtion of the Mayor,

‘ whereupon the Debt may be levied, but hath foma ‘ otherwhere within the Realm, then ftiall the Mayor ‘ fend the Recognifance. made before him and "the ‘ Clerk aforefaid unto the Chancellor, under tbs King’s ‘Seal; (it) and the Chancellor fhall diredl a Writ A Certificate °f ‘ unto the Sheriff, in whofe Bailiwick the Moveables *!je ®r.atute ,m0 ‘ of the Debtor be, and the Sheriff fhall caufe him to p ‘ agree with his Creditor in fuch Form as the Mayor e.

* fhould have done in cafe that the Moveables, of the ‘ Debtor had been within his Power. (.12) And let The Goods «-‘ them that fhall praifc the moveable Goods,.to be de- tendcd dcl>'-ere<i ‘ livered unto the Creditor* take good heed, that-they t0 thc 1 ra: eu'

‘ do fet a reafonable Price upon them ; for if they do ‘ fet an over high Price for favour born to the Debtor*.

‘ and to the Damage of the Creditor, then fhall the-‘ Thing fo praifed be delivered unto themfelves at fuch c Price as they have limited, and they fhall be forth-‘ with anfwerable unto the Creditor for his Debt.

‘ (13) And if the Debtor will fay, that his moveable Fitz. Extent, 7,-‘ Goods were delivered or fold for lefs than they were 1°, ”, ”, 14-.

‘ worth, yet fhall he have no Remedy thereby ; for ‘ when the Mayor or the Sheriff hath fold the move—

‘ able Goods lawfully to him that offered rnoft* he may ‘ account it his own Folly, that he did not fell his own ‘ moveable Goods himfelf before-the Day of his Suit ‘ (when he might, and would not) and have levied the ‘ Money with his own Hands* (14) And if the Debt- The Debtor im--‘- or have no Moveables whereupon- the Debt may be prifoned.

‘ levied, then fhall his-Body be taken where it may be Rcslft 93-‘ found, and kept in Prifon, until that he have made ‘ Agreement, or h.is Friends for him; (15) and if he The Debtor’s-‘ have not wherewith he may fuftain himfelf in Prifon, D-ec-‘ the. Creditor fhall find him Bread and Water, to the ‘ end that he die not in Prifon for default of Suftenance,

‘ the which Cofts the Debtor fhall recompenfe him ‘ with his Debt, before that he be let out'of-Prifon.

‘ (16) And if the Creditor be a Merchant-ftranger,. The Creditor 3 ‘ he fhall remain at the Cofts'of the Debtor for fo long Stranger.

‘ Time as. he tarrieth about the Suit of his Debt, and ‘ until the moveable Goods of the Debtor be fold or ‘ delivered unto him. .(17). And if the Creditor-do The Creditors •

‘ not take the Debtor alone for the Surety of his Pay- Pledges..

6-merit, by realon whereof Pledges or Mainpernors be ‘ founden, then thofe Pledges or Mainpernors fhall ‘ come before the Mayor and Clerk, abovefaid, and ‘ ftiall bind themfelves by Writings and Recogni-‘ fances, as afore is faid of the Debtor. (18) And in ‘ like Manner if the Debt.be not paid at the Day li-‘ mited, fuch Execution fhall be awarded againft the ‘ Pledges or Mainpernors,, as before is . faid of the ‘ Debtor.’

‘ II. Provided neverthelefs, . That. fo long as the-‘ Debt may_ be fully taken and levied of the Goods -.

‘moveable.

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I. A. D. 1285,

-Raft. 97, Enforced and amended by *.3 Ed..i. fiat. 3 «c. j.

A* As/. in Tun. Lond. les mainpernours ou les plegges ne eyent damage, Mes en defaute des biens moebles al dettur eit le creaunzur recover!r fur les mainpernours ou fur les plegges en la forme qe avaunt eft dite del dettur. E a l'uftenir les cuftages lavaiindit clerk ft prendra le Rei de chefcune livre un denier. Ceft ordein-ment e eftablifement veut le Rei qe deforemes feit tenu par tut fun reaume de Englcterre entre quel gent qeceus feientqe de lur ein degre voderunt tele reconoifaunce fere forfpris Jeus as quels ceft eftablifement me fe eftent pas. E par ceft eftabliflement ne feit bref de dette abatu. E ne foyent pas le Chancelier, Ba-runs del Efcheqerc, Juftices del un Baunce del autre, e Juftices erraunz, forclos de prendre reconoiflaunces de de'ttes de ceus qi devaunt eus le voderunt fere. Mes les executions de conoiflaunces devaunt eus ne feyent ,pas fetes par la forme avauntdite, mes par la ley, e le ufage, e la muni ere avaunt ufee. Donee a Adtone Burnel le duzim jor de Odlobre en lan de noftre regne unzim.

Confimilia Statuta habent majores Eborum & Briftol, Line. b Winton. & Salop.

moveable of .the Debtor, the Mainpernors or Pledges fhall be without Damage : (2) Notwithftanding, for default of moveable Goods of the Debtor, the Creditor ihall have Execution of his Recognifance upon the Mainpernors or Pledges, in fuch Manner and Form as before is limited againft the principal Debtor.’

STATUTUM WALLIE. See Appendix! .

STATUTA REGIS EDWARDI edita apud Weftmon’ in Parliamento fuo Patch. Anno Regni fui tertio decimo.

The Statute of WESTMINSTER the Second, made Anno 13 Edw. L

Stat. 1. and Anno Dom. 1285.

** 71 THERE AS of late our Lord the King, YY in the Quinzim of Saint John Baptift, the “	"	* Sixth Year of his Reign, calling together

“ the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and his Council at “ Gloucejter, and confidering that divers of this Realm “ were dilherited, by Reafon that in many Cafes, “ where Remedy fhould have been had, there was none 4< provided by him nor his Predeceflors, ordained cer-“ tain Statutes right neceflary and profitable for his “ Realm, whereby the People of England and Ireland, “ being Subjects unto his rower, have obtained more “ fpeedy Juftice in their Oppreilions, than they had “ before; and certain Cafes, wherein the Law failed, “ did remain undetermined, and fome remained to be “ enadled, that were for the Reformation of the Op-“ preffions of the People : Our Lord the King in his “ Parliament, after the Feaft of Ea/ler, holden the “ Thirteenth Year of his Reign at tffylminjier, caufed “ many Opprdfionsof the People, and Defaults of the “ Laws, for the Accomplifhment of the faid Statutes of Glouce/ler, to be rehcarfed, and thereupon did pro-“ vide certain Adis, as fhall appear here following.”

Ex Rot. In Tun. Lond. m. 46.

CU M nuper Dominus Rex in quindena fandfi Johannis Baptifte anno regni fui fexto con-vocatis Prelatis Comitibus Baronibus & con-’ filio fuo apud Glouc’ quia multi de regno fuo ex-heredationem patiebantur eo quod in multis cafibus ubi remedium apponi debuit prius non fuit per pre-deceflores fuos aut ipfum remedium provifum que-dam ftatuta populo fuo valde neceflaria & utilia edidit per que populus fuus Anglicanus & Hiberni-cus fub fuo regimine gubernatus celeriorem jufti-tiam quam prius in fuis opprellionibus confecutus eft ac quidam cafus in quibus lex deficiebat ’remanfe-runt non determinati quedam enim ad reprimen-dum opprellionem popu.li remanferunt ftatuenda Dominus Rex in parliamento fuo poft Pafchaanno regni fui tertio decimo apud Weftm’ multas op-prefliones & legum defedlus ad fuppletionem pre-didlorum ftatutorum apud Glouc’ editorum recitari fecit & ftatuta edidit ut patebit in fequenti.

C A P. I.

In Gifts in Tail the Donor’s Will Ihall be obferved. The Form of a Formedon,

Sc-feraJ Sorls cf Cifts of Landa in Ta l.

1 Leon, 272,

1 Roll 4.3, 153,

'<*> 333. 357, 3S5.

‘ T711R S T, Concerning Lands that many Times are ‘ jt/ given upon Condition, that is to wit, Where ‘ any giveth his Land to any Man and his Wife, and ‘ to the Heirs, begotten of the Bodies of the fame Man ‘ and his Wife, with fuch Condition exprefled, that if ‘ the fame Man and his Wife die without Heirs of their

IN primis de tenements que multotiens daptitt fub conditione videlicet cum aliquis dat terfam fuam alicui viro b ej.us uxeri & heredibus de ipfu viro b muliere procreatis adjedta conditione expref-fa tali quod ft hujufmodi vir b muHer fine herede dc ipfis virp b muliere procrcato obiflent tprra fic

data

Stat. r

79

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. data ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem revertatur. In cafu etiarn cum quis dat tenementum in liberum maritagium quod donum habet conditionem annexam licet non exprimatur in carta doni que talis eft quod fi vir & mulier fine herede de ipfis procreato obierint tenementum fic datum ad dona-torem vel ad ejus heredem revertatur. In cafu etiam cum quis dat tenementum alicui & heredibus de corpore l'uo exeuntibus durum videbatur & ad-huc videtur hujufmodi donatoribus & heredibus do-natorum quod voluntas ipforum in donis fuis ex-preffa non fueritprius nec adhuc eft obfervata. In omnibus enim prediftis cafibus poft prolem fufeita-tam & exeuntem ab ipfis quibus tenementum fic fuit datum conditionaliter hucufque habuerunt hujufmodi Feoffati poteftatem aliehandi tenementum fic datum & exheredandi de tenemento exitum ip-forum contra voluntatem donatorum & formam de dono expreflam. Et preterea cum deficiente exitu de hujufmodi feoffatis tehemcntumfic datum ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem reverti debuit per formam in carta de dono expreflam licet exitus fi quis fuerit obiflet per factum & feoffamentum ipforum quibus tenementum fic fuit datum fub conditiolie exdufi fuerun't hucufque de reverfione eorundem tenementorum quod manifefte fuit contra formam doni fui.

Propter quod dominus Rex perpendens quod ne-cefiarium & utile eft in predictis cafibus apponere remedium ftatuit quod voluntas donatoris fecundurh formam in carta doni fui manifefte exprellam dece-tero obfervetur ita quod non habeant illi quibus tenementum fic fuit datum fub conditione poteftatem alienandi tenementum fic datum quo minus ad exitum illorum quibus tenementum fic fuerit datum remaneat poll eorum obitum vel ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem fi exitus deficiat per hoc quod nul-lus fit exitus omninovel fi aliquis exitus fuerit per mortem deficiet herede hujufmodi exitus deficiente. Nechabeat decetero fecundus vir hujufmodi mulie-ris aliquid in tenemento fic dato per conditionem poft mortem uxoris ejus per Legem Anglic nec exitus de fccundo viro & muliere fucceffionem here-ditariam fet ftatim poll: mortem viri & mulieris quibus tenementum fic fuit datum poft eorum obitum vel a<I eorum exitum vel ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem ut predi&um eft revertatur.

Et quia in novo cafu novum remedium eft appo-nendum fiat impetranti tale breve :

Precipe A. tpuodjufie, isfe. reddat B. tale mancrium cumperiinentih quod C. dedit tali viro iff tali mulieri iff heredibus de ipfis viro & muliere exeuntibus.

. Vel> .

Ifiiiod C. dedit tali viro in liberum maritagium cum tali muliere iff quod pq/l mortem prediStorum viri iff mulieris pr'idiSio B. filio prediliarum viri iff mulieris defender e debet per formam. donationis predidie ut di-iit^ Vel, SfiiodC. dedit tali is? heredibus de corpore ftto exeuntibus & quod poft mortem ipfus talis prediB.o B. filio predidti tails defenders debet per formam, iffc.

Breve per quod donator habet recu'perare fuum' deficiente exitu fatis eft in ufu in cancellaria Etfci-endum quod hoc ftatutum quoad allenationem te-

4 Bodies between them begotten, the Land fo given 2 Roll 419.

4 fhall reveit to the Giver or his Heir. (z) In cale alfo Godbolt 3c?,

4 where onegiveth Lands in free Marriage, which Gift if - p' +s*5-4 hath a Condition annexed, though it be not expreffed )n 4 in the Deed of Gift, which is this, That if the Huf- savil ‘ band and Wife die without Heir of their Bodies be-7Cu. 33’.

4 gotten, the Land fo given fhall revert to the Giver or Fitz. Tail>tSl 4 his Heir. (3) In cafe alfo where one giveth Larjd to-,2’ *3'	,6>

4 another, and the Heirs of his Body illuing ; it feem- f’1 ’ **’22i 4 ed very hard, and yet feemeth to the Givers and their Co. Lit. 18. b.

4 Heirs, that their Will being expreffed in the Gift,, 19.3- 24..*.

*	was not heretofore, nor yet is obferved. (4) In all “3- b-4 the Cafes aforefaid, after Iffue begotten and born be- ,z”4‘g|

4 tween them (to whom the Lands were given under Fit2- p0la^cj,

*	fuch Condition) heretofore fuch Feoffees had Power 6j, 65.

4 to aliene.the Land fo given, and to difherit their Ifltte Fitz. Tail,9,10. 4 of the Land, contrary to the Minds of the Givers,

4 and contrary to the Form expreffed in the Gift. (5)

4 And further. When the Iffue of fuch Feoffee is fail- Fit2. Tail, 15?

4 ing, the Land fo given ought to return to the Giver,

4 or his Heir, by dorm of the Gift expreffed in the 4 Deed, though the Iffue (if any were) had died y 4 (6) Yet by the Deed and Feoffment of them (to 4 whom Land was fo given upon Condition) the Do-4 nors have heretofore been barred of their Reverfion,.

4 * which was direftly repugnant to the Form of the * Add of the 4 Gift.	fame	Tenements.

4 II. Wherefore our Lord the King, perceiving how In Gjfts in Ta;j neceffary and expedient it fhould be to provide Re- the Donor's medy in the aforefaid Cafes, hath ordained. That the will (ball be Will of the Giver, according to the Form in the ?kfrrved'

Deed of Gift manifeftly expreffed, fhall be from j-j^z/Garraniv henceforth obferved; fo that they to whom the Land 16, 46/57,59’! was given under fuch Condition,. Ihall have no Pow- 3 Co. 85. ’' er to aliene the Land fo given, but that it Ihall re-Fitz- Formed, main unto the Iffue of them to whom it was given x» 33> 3^» after their Death, or {hall revert unto the. Giver, or fi'	3*'

his Heirs, if Iflue fail (f zvhereeis there is no Iffue at y4For whereas, all) or if any Iffue be, and fail by Death, or Heir of read in that. the Body of fuch iffue failing. (2) Neither fhall Fitz. Dower, 87.-the fecond Hufband of any fuch Woman, from hence- 3 Co-forth,, have any Thing in the Land fo given upon Condition, after the Death of his Wife, by the Law g.’ 35,36." of England, nor the Iffue of the fecond Hufband and 166.

Wife fhall fucceed in the Inheritance, but immediate- 9- io5-ly after the Death of the Hufband and Wife (to whom _	.

the Land was fo given) it fhall come to their Iffue,. °‘ 1 *	'	4

or return unto the Giver, or his Heir, as before is Laid.

4 III, And forafmuch as in a new Cafe new Remedy muff be provided, this Manner of Writ fhall be granted to the Party that will purchafc it

(2)	Praecipe A. quod jufte, &c. reddat E, manerium Formcdor. i.i

de F.cum fuis pertinentiis, quod C. dedit tali.viro & difender. tali mulieri, & haeredibusde ipfis viro & muliere exeun- RcE1^- z?8-tibus.	^p,:;317"

. ‘ Or thus:’ _	.	.

(3)	Qtiod C..dedit tali viro in liberum.maritagium F.tz,Fines, 12j-

cum tali muliere, & quod poft: mortem praedidtorum Fitz. Formed, viri & mulieris, pra'didto B. filio eorundem viri & mu-.5> 6> 7> JI> I'»-lieris defesndere debeat per formam donationis nraedic- 33f	'■

t®, ut dicit, &c. (4) Vel, QuodC. dedit tali & h$re- 4 * 47) dibus de corpore fuo. exeuntibus, & qpod poft mortem ■

illius talis, prsdidto B. filio praedidli talis defeendere debeat per formam, &c.

& IV. The Writ whereby, the Giver- fhall recover,

4’ (when Iffue faileth) is common enough in the Chancery; (2) and it is to wit, that this Statute fhall hold

4 Place.

8q

Stat. i<

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1285.

A Tine (hall not c bar the Heir in c Tail.	t

8 H. 4. f. 8. c Firz. Continual Claim, 9.

Place touching Alienation of Land contrary to the Form of the Gift hereafter to be made, and fhall not extend to Gifts made before. (3) And'if a Fine be levied hereafter upon fuch Lands, it fhall be void in the Law ; (4) neither fhall the Heirs, or fuch as the Revei fion belongeth unto, though they be of full Age, within England, and out of 1’rifon, need to make their Claim. Altered by 32 H. 8. c. 36.’

Ex Rot. in Tunr. Lond. nementi contra formam doni impofterum faciendam locum habet & ad dona prius fafta non extenditur. Et fi finis fuper hujufmodi tenemento impofterum levetur ipfo jure fit nullus nec habeant heredes aut illi ad quos fpeftat reverfio licet plene fint etatis in Anglia 6c extra prifonatn neceffe apponere clanteum fuum.

CAP. II. '

A Recordare to remove a Plaint. Pledges to profecute a Suit. Second Deliverance.

The Mi (chiefs which Lords dilVraining their Tenants did (ufter.

A Recordare to remove a Plaint < out- of the	c

County.	c

36 H. 7. f. I.

Regift, 83.

*, P©r becaufe, read wherefore*

edges to pro-:utc the Suit, c id to make c eturn.	c

ycx 1 S3, c H. 6. J5.

Kd. 3. -z.

H. 6. 42.	‘

,\z. Return dls < ••ers, 35.	<

ro. Car. 594.

It Orafmuch as Lords of Fees diftraining their Te-' nants for Services and Cuftoms due unto them, are many times grieved, becaufe their Tenants do replevy the Diftrefs by Writ, or without Writ: (2) And when the Lords, at the Complaint of their Tenants, do come by Attachment into the County, or unto another Court, having Power to hold Pleas of Withernam, and do avow the taking good and lawful, by reafon that the Tenants difavow to hold ought, nor do claim to hold any thing of him which took the diftrefs and avowed it, he that diftrained is amerced, and the Tenants go quit; (3) to whom Punishment cannot be affigned for fuch difavowing by Record of the County, or of other Courts having no Record.”

‘ II. It is provided and ordained from henceforth. That where fuch Lords cannot obtain Juftice in Counties and fuch manner of Courts againft their Tenants, as foon as they fhall be attached at the Suit of their Tenants, a Writ fhall be granted to them to remove the Plea before the Juftices, afore whom, and none otherwhere, Juftice may be mi-niftred unto fuch Lords; and the Caufe fhall be put in the Writ, * becaufe fuch a Man diftrained in his Fee for Services and Cuftoms to him due. (3.) Neither is this Aft prejudicial to the Law commonly ufed, which did not permit that any Plea fhould be moved before Juftices at the Suit of the Defendant. (4) For though it appear at the firft Shew that the Tenant is Plaintiff, and the Lord Defendant, never-thelefs, having refpeft to that, that the Lord hath diftrained, and fueth for Services and Cuftoms being behind, he appeareth indeed to be rather Aftor, or Plaintiff, than Defendant. (5) And to the intent the Juftices may know upon what frefh Seifin the Lords may avow the Diftrefs rcafonable upon their Tenants; (6) from henceforth it is agreed and enafted, That a rcafonable Diftrefs may be avowed upon the Seifin of any Anceftor or Predeceffor fince the Time that a Writ of Novel dijj'eijtn hath run. (7) And becaufe itc'nanceth fometimes that the Tenant, after that he hath replevied his Beafts, doth fell or alien them, whereby Return cannot be made unto the Lord that diftrained, if it be adjudged :

‘ III. It is. provided, That Sheriffs or Bailiffs from henceforth fhall not only receive of the Plaintiffs Pledges for the purfuing of the Suit, before they make Deliverance of the Diftrefs, but alfo for the Return of the Beafts, if Return be awarded. (2) And if any take Pledges otherwife, he fhall anfwer for the Price of the Beafts, and the Lord that di-ftraineth fhall have his Recovery by Writ, that he fhall reftore unto him fo many Beafts or Cattle ;

(3)	and if the Bailiff be not able to reftore, his Su-

QUia domini feodorum diftringentes tenentes fuos pro ferviciis fibi debitis multotiens gra-vautur per hoc quod cum tenentes fui diftriftionem fuam per breve vel fine brevi replegiaverint ac ipfi domini cum ad querimoniam tenentium fuorum ad comitatum vel ad aliam curiam habentem potefta-tem placitandi placita de vetito namio per attachia-mentum venerint 6c rationabilem & juftam diftric-tionem advocaverint per hoc quod tenentes dead-vocant nichil tenere nec clamant tenere de eo qui diftriftionem fecit & advocavit remanfit qui ai-ftrinxit in mifericordia 6c tenentes fui quieti quibus pro ilia deadvocatione per recordum comitatus five aliarum curiarum que recordum non habent pena infligl non poteft.	•	-

Decetero provifum eft 6c ftatutum quod cum hujufmodi domini in com’ vel hujufmodi. cur’jufti-tiam de hujufmodi tenentibus fuis confequi non poffint quam cito attachiati fuerunt ad feftam tenentium fuorum concedatur eis breve ad ponen-dum loquelam illam coram Jufticiariis coram quibus 6c non alibi juftitia hujufmodi dominis exhiberi poterit Et inferatur caufa in brevi quia tabs di-ftrinxit in feodo fuo pro ferviciis 6c confuetudinibus fibi debitis nec per iftud ftatutum derogatur legi communi ufitate que non permifit placitum aliquod poni coram Juftic’ ad petitionem defendentis. Quia licet prima facie viaebatur tenens aftor 6c dominus defendens habito tamen refpeftu ad hoc. quod dominus diftringit Sc fequitur pro ferviciis 6c confuetudinibus fibi a retro exiftentibus realiter potius apparebit aftor five querens quam defen-1 dens. Et ut in certo fint Jufticiarii de qua re-centi feifina poterunt domini advocare rationabilem diftriftionem fiiper tenentes fuos decetero concor-datum eft quod rationabilis diftriftio advocari poterit de feifina antecefforum fuorum vel predecef-forum a tempore quo breve nove diffeifine currit. Et quia aliquando contingit quod cum tenens poft-quam replegiaverit averia fua averia ilia- vendit vel elongat quo minus returnum fieri poflit domino diftringenti fi adjudicetur.	,

Provifum eft quod vie’ aut ballivi de cetero non recipiant a conquerentibus folummodo pleg’ de pro-fequendo antequam deliberationem faciant de ave-riis fet etiam de averiis retornandis fi adjudicetur returnum. Et fi quis alio modo pleg’ receperit re-fpondeat iple de pretio averiorum 6c habeat dominus diftringens recuperare per breve quod reddat ei' tot averia vel tot catalla 6c fi non habeat ballivus unde reddat reddat fuperior fuus. Et quia aliquando contingit quod poftquam adjudication fuerit

diftringenti

A. D. 128 c. Anno decimo tertio Ed ward i I.	Stat.	1.	81

*	v	*	-	-	'	.	k	-	.'1	J

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond. diftringenti returnum averiorum & fic diftridlus poftquam averia fic retorn'ata iterum replegiaverit cum viderit diftringentem comparcntem in curia paratum fibi refpondere defaltam fecerit ob quam iterum adjudicabitur diftringenti returnum averiorum 6t fiebis tertio 6t in iniinitum replegiabuntur averia nec habebunt judicia curie Regis in hoc cafu effedtum fuper quo non fuit prius remedium provifum ordinatus eft in hoc.cafu tails proceflus quod quam cito adjudicatum fuerit diftringenti returnum averiorum per breve de judicio mandetnr vicetomiti-qucrd returnum habere faciat diftringenti de averiis in quo brevi inferatur quod vicecomes ea non deliberet fine brevi in quo fiat mentio de judicio per Jufticiarios reddito quod fieri non poterit nifi per breve quod exeat de rotulis Jufticiariorum coram quibus deduifta fuerit loquela. Cum igitur adierit juftic’ 6c petierit averia fua iterum replegiari fiat ei hoc breve .de judicio quod vicecomes capta fecuritate de profequendo & etiam de averiis vel catallis retornandis vel eorum pretio fi adjudicetur returnum deliberet ei averia vel catalla prius retor-rnata 6t attachietur qui diftrinxitad veniendum ad ■eertum diem coram jufticiariis coram quibus placi-tumdeducaturinprefentiapartium. Et fiiteratoille qui replegiaverit fecerit defaltam vel alia occafione adjudicetur returnum diftriftionis jam bis replcgi-.ate remaneat diftridfio ilia imperpetuum irreplegi--abilis fet fi de novo 6c'de nova caufa fiat diftridtio •de nova diitridtione fervetur proceflus fupradidlus.

‘ periour fhall reftore. (4) And forafmuch as it hap-‘ neth fometime, that after the Return of the Beafts is 4 awarded unto the Diftrainor, and the Party fo di-c ftrained, after that the Beafts be returned, doth re-4 plevy them again, and when he feeth the Diftrainor 4 appearing in the Court ready.to anfwer him, doth 4 make Default, whereby Return of the Beafts ought ‘ to be awarded again unto the Diftrainor, and fo the ‘ Beafts be replevied twice or thrice, and infinitely,-4 and the Judgments given in the King’s Court take no ‘ Effedl in this Cafe, whereupon no Remedy hath been ‘ yet provided ; (5) in this Cafe fuch Procefs fhall be 4 awarded, that fo foon as Return of the Beafts fhall ‘ be awarded to the Diftrainor, the Sheriff fhall be 4 commanded by a judicial Writ to make Return of 4 the Beafts unto the Diftrainor ; in which Writ it ‘ fhall be expreffed, that the Sheriff fhall not deliver ‘ them without Writ, making mention of the Judg-‘ ment given by the Juftices, which cannot be without 4 a Writ iffuing out of the Rolls of the faid Juftices 4 before whom the Matter was moved. (6) Therefore A Writ of feJ 4 when he comcth unto the Juftices, and defireth Re- cond Del*ve-4 plevin of the Beafts, he fhall have a judicial Writ, {J"cre‘ ,,

4 that the Sheriff taking Surety for the Suit, and alfo Kei. 92.’

‘ of the Beafts or Cattle to be returned, or the Price of 26 H. 8. 6.

4 them (if Return be awarded) fhall deliver unto him *« H-7- 2S-4 the Beafts or Cattle before returned, and the Di-12H-7-4‘

4 ftrainor fhall be attached to come at a certain Day 4 before the Juftices, afore whom the Pleft was moved ‘ in Prefence of the Parties. (7) And if he that re- a Diftrefs irre-

*	plevicd make Default again, or for another Caufe re- pleviable.

*	turn of the Diftrefs be awarded, being now twice HH- 7; 6-‘ replevied, the 'Diftrefs fhall remain irrepleviable ; L-er

‘ (8) but if a Diftrefs be taken of new, and for a new de/Avers, 6,

1 4 Caufe, the Procefs aboyefaid fhall be obferved in the 15, ig, 19, 24, 4 fame new Diftrefs,’	33>	34*

35-

CAP. III.

A Cut in ruita for the Wife. Where a Wife, or he in Reverfion, fhall be received.

IN cafu quando vir amifit per defaltam tenemen-tum quod fuit jus uxoris fue durum fuit quod uxor poft mortem viri fui non habuit aliud recu-perare quam per breve de Refto propter quod Do-minus Rex ftatuit quod mulier poft mortem viri fui habeat recuperare per breve de Ingreffu cui ipfa in vita fua contradicere non potuit quod in forma predidla erit placitand’. Si contra petitionem mu-lieris tenens excipiat quod habuit ingreffum per judicium 61 comperto quod per defaltam ad quod tenens neceffehabet refpondere fi ab eo queraturtunc neceffe habet ulterius oftendere jus fuum fecundum formam brevis quod prius impetravit fuper virum & uxorem. Et fi verificare poterit quod jus habet in tenemento petito nichil capiat mulier per breve fuum quod fi oftendere non poterit recuperet mulier tenementum petitum hoc obfervato quod fi vir abfentaverit fe 61 noluerit jus uxoris fue defendere vel invita uxore reddere voluerit fi uxor ante judicium venerit p3rata petenti refpondere 6c jus fuum defendere admittatur uxor. Eodem modo fi tenens in dotem per Legem Anglie vel aliter ad terminum V01. I.

“ TN cafe when a Man doth lofe by Default the A Cui in vita ce X Land which was the Right of his Wife, it was fof “ Very- hard that the Wife, after the Death of her ccafJd iiuiiund “ Hufband, had none other Recovery but by a Writ of loft by Default. “ Right 5” (2) wherefore our Lord the King hath or- Regift. 232. c dained, That a Woman, after the Death of her J4'-‘ Hufband, fhall recover bya Writ of Entry (whereto,2 0'„6‘H g °l ‘ fhe could not difagree during his Life) which fhall f ;tz- cui in'ri-c be pleaded in Form under-written. (3) If the Te-ta, 7, 8, 9, 10,

‘ riant do except againft the Demand of the Wife, that '4,	'7,

‘ he entered by Judgement, and it be found that his i9>2°»*v>^6,

‘ Entry was by Default, whereto the Tenant of Ne- c0’_ Lft.-V2?t*.

*	ceffity muft make Anfwer, if it be demanded of him, —j.a. 3’Va.'

*	then he fhall be compelled to make further Anfwer, 356. a. Dyer

‘ and to fhew his Right according to the Form of the 49s, 3*5» 34*-‘ Writ that he purchafed before againft the Hufband l ltz'ReJcc,t>

‘ and the Wife. (4) 'And if he can verify that he 27/7°’

‘ hath * or had Right in the Land demanded, the -d ijg.'ioCo. e Woman fhall gain nothing by her Writ; which 44- 5	3- 61.

4 Thing if he cannot fhew, the Woman fhall recover Cr0-Car-43-4 the Land in Demand; (5) this being obferved, that ij. I)°d's'

4 if the Hufband abfent himfelf, and will not defend ‘^wbicb’p-o.

4 his Wife’s Right, or againft his Wife’s Confent will that the 4 render the Land, if the Wife do come before Judge- H«Jh»td\/ia ^

4 ment, ready to anfwer the Demandant, and to defend 4 her Right, the Wife fhall be admitted. (6) Likewife 4 if Tenant in Dower, Tenant by the Law of the Land, £c;'‘

M	4	or

Si?

Sta't. r.

Anno declrno teftio E'd w a r d i I.

A. D. 1285.

Where the Wife.* lhall be received c upon the Huf- fi band's Default. c Keilw, 128.

The Receipt of 6 him in the Re- c verfion.	*<

IngrefTusad com-'c munem legem, Regift. 133.

* A at i?i Or ig. i C 6 ' ! • C (

or -otherwise for Term of Life, or by Gift, where ■the Reverfion ■ is referved, do make Default, or will -give bp; the Heirs, and they unto whom the Reverfion b'elongeth, fhall be admitted to their Anfwer if they co'me before Judgement; (7) and if upon * fuch Default, "6r Surrender, Judgement hap to be given, then !the Heirs, or they unto whom the Reverfion belongetn after the Death of fuch Tenants, fhall have their Recovery, by a. Writ of Entry, (8) in which like Procefs (hall be obferved as is aforefaid, in cafe where the Hufband lofeth his Wife’s Land by Default. '(9) And fo in the Cafes aforefaid two AAions do concur, one between the Demandant-and Tenant, and another between the Tenant-(hewing his.Right, and the Demandant.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. vitevel per -donum.in quo refervatur reverfio' fecerit defaltam vel reddere voluerit -admittantur hetedes & illi ad quos fpeefat reverfio ad refporifionem ft venerint ante juaicium &fi per defaltam aut red-ditionem reddatur-judicium tunc habea'nt-heredes ■& illi-ad quos fpcefat .reverfio ;pbft mortem hujuf-modi tenentium reeuperare per breve deTugreflu in quo fervetur idem.procefTas ficutdidhim eft fupra in cafuubi vir amittit tenementum uxoris & fic mca-fibus predicHs due concurrunt-a&iones una inter petentem & tenentem & alia inter tenentem jus fuuin oftendentem-Sc-petentei^. •

C A P. IV. .

’Where the Wife fhall be 'endowaole of Lands.re-covered againft her Hufband. Where the Heir may avoid a Dower'recovered, A Remedy for:particular Tenants lofing by Default.

The Wife fliijU bz endow* bJe, though the Lshd be recovered againft her Hufband by Covin, or by Default.

2 Inft. 347.

14 H. 4. f. 31, 50 Ed. 3. f. 7,

Wuhno of MorU gagor%

Fitz. Dower, 80, 140, 173,

N cafe where the Hufband, being impleaded for Land,1 giveth up the Land demanded unto his Ad-verfary by Covin ; after the Death of the Hufband, the Juftices fhall award the Wife her Dower, if it be demanded by Writ. (2) But in cafe where the Hufband lofeth the Land in demand by Default, if the Wife, after the-Death of her Hufband, demandeth her Dower, it hath been proved,; that fome Juftices ^u.	‘ have awarded unto the Woman her Dower, notwith-

Ser 4a?$iv. & 1 Banding the Default-which her Hufband made, other M. c. 16. §. 5. ‘ Juftices being of the contrary Opinion, -and judging fecurwgDmocrin c otherwife. T ’o the intent that from henceforth fuch Ambiguity fhall be taken away, it Is thus ordained in certain, That in both Cafes the Woman demanding her Dower fhall be heard. (3) And if it be al-ledged againft her, that her Hufband loft the Land, whereof the Dower is demanded by Judgement, whereby file ought not to have Dower, and then it be inquired by what Judgement, and it be found that it was by Default, whereunto the Tenant muft an-fwer; then it behoveth the Tenant to anfwer further, and to fhew that be had Right, and hath in the fore-faid Land, according to the Form of the Writ that the Tenant before purchafed againft the Hufband. (4) And if he can fhew that the Hufband of fuch Wife had no Right in the.Lands, nor any other but he that holdeth them, the Tenant fhall go quit, and the Wife fhall recover nothing of her Dower; which Thing if he cannot fhew, the Wife fhall recover her Dower. (5) And fo in thefe Cafes, and in certain other following, that is to fay, When the Wife being endowed lofeth her Dower by Default, and Tenants in free Marriage, by the Law of England, or for Term of Life, or in Feetail, divers Actions do con-‘ cur for fuch Tenants, when they muft demand their. ‘ Land loft by Default: (6) And when it is ctime to ‘ that Point, that the Tenants muft be compelled to 4 fhew their Plight, they cannot make anfwer without 4 them to whom the Rcverfion of Right belongeth; u therefore it is grarited Unto them tovouch toWarranty,

4 as if they were Tenants, if they have a Warranty.

* (7) And when the Warrantor hath warranted, the 4 Pica fhall pafs between him that is feifed and the 4 Warrantor, according to the Tenor of the Writ 4 that the Tenant purchafed before, and by which he 4 recovered by Default; (8) and fo from many AftionSi 4 at length they lhal! relortto one Judgement, which

A Remedy for Tenants for Life, &c. which do lofs their Land by Default.

Fitz. Voucher, $6, 59, 159, 165, J36, 2,6j, *7 5> 276> 3C9‘ 11 Co. 61,

Hob. 2.99.

The particular Tenants may vouch him in the’PsCverGon,

’IN cafu quando vir implacitatus de tenemento -A reddit tenementum petitOm fuo adverfario de piano poft mortem viri Juftieiarii -adjudicant mu-• lieri dotem ;fuamfi per breve queratur. Set in cafu quando vir amittit tenementum: peri turn 1 per defaltam fi muJierpoft mortem viri fuhpetat dotem compertum eft quod per aliquos Jufticiarios adju-dicata.fuerit dos mulieri petenti non' 6bftante.de-falta quam vir fuus fecit aliis Jufticiariis in contra-ria opinione exiftentibus & contrarium judicanti-bus. Ut de cetero amputetur hujufinodi ambi-guitas fic in certo ordinatum eft quod in utroque cafu audiatur mulier que dotem petit. Ft fi exci-piatur contra ipfam quod vir ipfum tenementum unde dos petita eft amifit per judicium per quod dotem habere non debet Ft fi queratur per quod judicium & compertum fuerit quod per defaltam ad quod tenens needle habet refpon.dere titnc opor-tet tenentem ulterius refpondere & oftendere quod ipfe tenens jus habuit ‘& habet inprediifto fene-mento fecundiim formam: brevis :quod'prius fuper virurn intpetravit. Ft fi oftendere poterit quod vir mulieris non. habuit jus in tenemento‘nec ali-quis alius quam ipfe qui tenet recedat quietus fr uxor nichil capiat de dote quod ft oftendere irion poterit recuperet mulier dotem fuam. Et fic in cafibus iftis & in quibufdam cafibus fubfequentibus fcilicet quando uxor dotata amittit dotem per defaltam & tenentes .in maritagium per-Legem An-glie vel ad terminum vite vel per feodum talliatum concurrunt plures aFliones quia hujufinodi tenentes-cum oporteat eos petere tenementa fua per defaltam amifia & ad hoc perventum fuerit quod tenens hecefi’e habet oftendere jus fuum non pofiunt ipfi fine hiis ad quos fpeflat reverfio de jure refpoiidere Et ideo conceditur eis quod vocent ad warrantum ac fi client tenentes fi warrantum habennt. -Et cum warrantus warrantizaverit procedat placituin inter ilium qui feifitus eft'& warrantum :fecundtim tenorem brevis quod tciiens prius impetravit r&r per quod reouperavit per defaltam ft fic exipluribus • aftionibus ad ultimum perveniatur ad unum judicium videlicet ad hoc quod hujufinodi petentes re-

cupercnt

Stat. In'

%

Ex Rot. iu Turn. toruj. cuperent petitionem fuam vel quod tenentes eant quieti. Et ft aftio. hujufinodi tenentis qui necefle habet oftcndere jus fuum irtota fuerit per breve de Recto licet magna allifa vel duellum jungi non pof-ftt. per verba confueta jungi tamen pofl'unt per verba fatis apta-Quia cum tenens in hoc quod oftendit jus fuum quod ei competit per breve quod prius impe’travit fit.loco aftoris bene poterit warrantus defendere jus tenentis qui loco petentis qt diftum eft habetur & feifinam anteceflbris fui offeree defendere per corpus liberi hominis fui vel ponere fe in magnam aflifam & petere recognitionem fieri utrum ipfe majus jus habeat in tenemento j)etito an prediiftus talis. Vel alio .modo jungi poterit magna aflifa fic Tails, defendit jus, &c. & cognofcit feifi-nam-antecefToris.fui & ponit fe in magnam aflifam, &C. & petit recognitionem fieri utrum ipfe majus jus habeat-in prediflo tenemento - ut in illo de quo feoffavit . talem vel quod talis remifit & quietum clamavit, &c. an predidlus: talis. Cum aliquando contingat quod- mulier non habens jus petendi dotem herede ;alicujusj infra etatem • exiftente im-petret breve'de dote fuper cuftodem & cuftos per favorem mulieris dotem reddiderit vel defaltam fe-ccrit vel placitura ita fi6fe per collufionem defen-derit per quod dos hujiifmodi mulieri in prejudici-um heredis adjudicata fuerit provifum eft quod he-res cum-ad etatem perv.enerit habeat adtionem pe-tendideifinam aritecdToris fui verftis hujufmodi mus lierem qualem haberet verftis alium quemcumque deforciatorem Ita tamen quod, falva fit mulieri ver-fus petentem. exceptio'oftendere quod jus habet in dote fua quod fi oftendere poterit recedat quieta & dotem fuam retineat & fit heres in mifericordia & ameircietur graviter.fecundum diferetionem Juftic’ fin autem recuperet heres petitionem fuam. Eo-dem modo fubveniatur mulieri ft heres vel alius earn implacitaverit de dote fua ft dotem fuam per defaltam amiferit in quo cafu fua defalta.non fit ei ita prejudicialis quin dotem fuam fi jus-habeat re-cuperare poflit & fiat ei tale breve :

Precipe A\ quod jii/le, &c. reddat tali que fiat uxor tails .tautam terrain cum pertinentiis in N. quatn cla-mat effe rationabilem dotem fuam vel de rationablli dote fua £3* quant talis ei deford. Et ad iftud breve habeat tenens exceptionem fuam ad oftendendum quod mulier j us non habet in dote quod fiverificare poterit recedat quietus alioquin recuperet mulier te-nementum quod prius tenuit in dotem. Et cum temporibus retroaftis aliquis terram fuam amififlet per defaltam non habuit aliud recuperare quam per breve de recto quod eis competere non poterit qui de mero jure loqui non potuerunt veluti tenentes ad terminum vite vel per liberum maritagium vel per feodum talliatum -in quibus cafibus falvatur re-verfio provifum eft decetero quod eorum defalta .non fit eis ita prejudicialis quin ftatum fuum fi jus ha-beant recuperare poflint per aliud breve quam per breve de Redto. Demaritagio amiffo per defaltam fiat tale- breve;

‘’is-this. That the Demandants fhall recover their De-c mand, pr the Tenants fhall, go quit, (g) And if the ‘ Abtion of fuch a Tenant, which is compelled to (hew -£ h-is Right, be moved by a Writ of Right, though ‘ that the great Aflife or Battail cannot be joyned by £ the Words accuftomed, yet it fhall be joyned by £ Words convenient; (xo) for when the Tenant, in £ that he fheweth his Right which belongeth to him by £ the Writ that he before purchafed, inftead of a Der •

£ mandant, the Warrantor may well defend the Right £ of the Tenant, which is accounted in Place of the £ Demandant, as before is faid, and offer to defend the £ Seifin of his Anceftors by the Body of his Freeman,

£ or put himfelf in the great Aflife, and pray Recog-,

£ nizance to be made, whether he hath more Right to £ the Land m demand, or elfethe Party before named, i 6 (11) Or otherwife the great Aflife may be joyned £ thus, Talis defendit'jus, &V; and fo the Warrantor 1 may defend the Right, and knowledge the Seifin of £ his Anceftor, and put himfelf in the great Aflife, &c.

£ and pray Recognizance to be made, whether he hath £ more Right in the forefaid Land, as in that whereof £ he infeofted fuch a Man, or that fuch a one releafed £ and quit claimed, Uc. or elfe the forefaid Party, £sV.

£ (12) And where fometime it chanceth that a Woman Tll= H«r «oid-£ not having Right to demand Dower, the Heir being a Wor"an of £ within Age, doth purchafe a Writ of Dower againft £ a Guardian, and the Guardian endoweth the Woman Guardian.

£ by Favour, or’maketh Default, or by Collufion de-c fendeth the Plea’ fo faintly, whereby the Woman is £ awarded her Dower in Prejudice of-the Heir ; (13) it £ is provided, That the Heir, when he cometh to full £ Age, fhall have an Action to demand the Seifin .of h'is £ Anceftor againft fuch a Woman, like asihe fhould £ have againft any other Deforceor; yet-fo, that'the a Woman’s £ Woman fhall have her Exception faved againft the Dower recovered. £ Demandant, to fhew that fhe had Right to her Dower, agunftber by e which if fhe can fhew, fhe fhall go quit and retain her Dcf:,ult.,

£ Dower, and the Heir fhall be grievoufly amerced, ac-£ cording to the Difcretion of the Juftices.; and if not,

£ the Heir fhall recover his Demand,, &c.	(14)	In

£ like Manner the Woman fhall be aided, if-the Heir f or any other do implead her for her Dower, or if fhe £ lofe her Dower by Default, in which cafe the Default £ fhall not be fo prejudicial to her, but that fhe fEill £ recover her Dower, if fhe have Right thereto, ahd £ fhe fhall have this Writ:

II. Praecipe A. quod jufte, &c. reddat B. duse fuit 6 0. s. uxor F. tantam terram cum pertinentiis in C,. quam Co. Lit. clamat efTe rationabilem dotem fuam, vel de rationa- 354-bill dote fua, & quod prtedidlus A. ei deforceat, &C.	^g’	*j

£ (2) And to this Writ the Tenant fhall have his Ex- -	*	'

‘ ception, to fhew that flte had no Right to be en-£ dowed ; which if he can verify, he fhall go quit;’ if £ not, the Woman fhall recover the Land whereof fhe ‘ was endowed before. (3) And whereas before time,

£ if a Man had loft his Land by Default, he had none £ other Recovery than by a Writ of Right, which was £ not maintainable by any that could not claim of meet £ Right, as Tenants for Term of Life, in free Mar-£ riage, or in Tail, in which Eftates a Reverfion is re-£ ferved ; (4) it is provided. That from henceforth £ their-Default fhall not be fo prejudicial, but that they £ may recover their Eftate by'another Writ than by a £ Writ of-Right, if they have Right. (5) For Land £ in Free Marriage, loft by Default, fuch.a Writ fliall * be made :	-	1

• 1M	:	.	Praecipe

Anno decline tertio E d w ar d i I.	A.	D.	12 8 5,

Quod ei defor- Praecipe A. quod jufte, &c. reddat B. manerium de ce.u for Tenant j). cum pertinentiis, quod clamat effe jus & marita-1?aFran mar” gium fuum. Sc quod A. ei injufte deforceat.

For Tenant for ‘ (6) Likewile of Land for Term of Life, loft'by Life, or in Tail. 4 Default, this Writ fhall be made :

Fitz. Quod ei Pi-recipe A. quod jufte, & fine dilatione, See. reddat deforceat, i, z, jj. manerium de D. cum per'tinentiis, quod clamat te-’f’ nere ad terminum vitae fuae, Sc quod praedidfus A. ei

K’; I Ij 12; I j j .	.	J	*■	1

j7.	deforceat.	Likeivje,

Cro.Car.445. (7) Quod clamat tenere fibi, Sc hseredibus de cor-^ F. N. B. 155. b. pore fuo legitime proefeatis, Sc quod predictus A. ei Regift. 171. b. deforceat.

230-

Rati. 491.

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Precipe A. quod jufte, '(Ac. reddat B. tale manerium de C. cum pertinentiis quod_ clamat effe jus A maritagium fuum A quod A. ei injujle deford.

Eodem modo de tenemento tento ad terminum vite per defaltam amifto fiat breve :

Precipe A. quod jujle A fine dilatione reddat B. manerium de C. cum pertinentiis quod clamat effe jus A maritagium fuum A quod prediftus A. ei injufte deferc vel, quod clamat tenere ad terminum vite fue, vcl, quod clamat tenere fibi A heredibus fuis de cor-pore fuo exeuntibus A quod prediRus A. ei injnfie defor c .

V.

Remedies to redrefs Ufurpations of Adyowfons of Churches, &c.

Three original \~K7 HE REAS of Advowfons of Churches there Writs of Ad- “ VV be but Three original Writs, that is to fay, vowfon.	44	One Writ of Right, and Two of Pofleflion, which

r 'co 653" A	be Darrein Preferment, and fihiare impedlt; (z)	and

x.Ro°l 151,156, ** hitherto it hath been ufed in the Realm, that when 157,158,211, 44 any having no Right to prefent, had prefented to any 462-	44	Church, whofe Clerk was admitted, he that	was

St.7.Ann.c.iS. <«	very Patron could not recover his Advowfon,	but

g6.‘.I01’	“	only by a Writ of Right, which, fliculd be tried by

3 Boiftr. 40.	44	Battail or by great Affife,- whereby Heirs within Age,

Hob. 240.	44	by Fraud, or elfe by Negligence of their Wardens,

Ufurpation of 44 and Heirs both of great and mean Eftate, by Neg-Churchcs during “ ligence or Fraud of Tenants by the Courtefie, Wo-particularEftates'“ men Tenants in Dower, or otherwife, for Term of /hall not preju- <■<. Ljfe? or for Years, or in Fee-tail, were many Times Rewrfion lnthe “ difherited of their Advowfons, or at leaft (which was Kel. , ‘'	“	the better for them) were driven to their Writ of

Fit2. Qnare 44 Right, in which Cafe hitherto they were utterly dif-ampedit, 43, 67, 44 inherited 4 (3) it is provided, That fuch Prefent-87, 92j 96> 99, 4 ments fhall not be fo prejudicial to the right Heirs, 167’ XZ1’lirZ’ 4 or to tBcm unto whom fuch Advowfons ought to re-* vert after the Death of any Perfons: (4) F’or as of-,4 ten as any, having no Right, doth prefent during the 4 Time that fuch Heirs are in Ward, or during the 4 Eftates of Tenants in Dower, by the Courtefie, or •* otherwife for Term of Life, or of Years, or in Tail; 4 at the next Avoidance, when the Heir is come to full 4 Age, or when after the Death of the Tenants before 4 named the Advowfon fhall revert unto the Heir be-4 ing of full Age, he fhall* have fuch Addon by Writ 4 of Advowfon Poflefforie, as the.laft Anceftorof fuch 4 an Heir fhould have had at the laft Avoidance hap-4 pening in his Time, being of full Age before his 4 Death, or before the Demife was made for Term of frefentations 4 Life, or in Fee-tail, as before is faid. (5) The fame to churches of 4 fhall be obferved in Prefentments madeuntoChurches, Women dunr.g <■ being of the Inheritance of Wives, what Time they t eir overture. t	be uncjer the power 0f their Hufbands, which

4 muft be aided by this Eftatute by the Remedy afore-Churches of rc- 4 faidl (6) Alfo religious Men, as Bifhops, Archdea-llgious Perfon?. 4 cons, Parfons of Churches, and other fpiritual Men, 4 fhall be aided by this Eftatute, in cafe any having no 4 Right to prefent do prefent unto Churches belonging 4 to Prelacies, fpiritual Dignities, Parfonages, or to 4 Houfes of Religion, what Time fuch Houfes, Prc-4 lacies, fpiritual Dignities, or Parfonages be vacant.

judgments given 4 II. Nciiher fhall this Adi be fo largely underftanden, C ull not be ic- ‘ that fuch Perfons, for whofe Remedy this Statute was w'nt of Error * ordained, fhall have the Recovery aforefaid, furmi-or Attaint.	‘ fing that Guardians of Heirs, Tenants in Tail, by

\) Ed. 3. 15.	4

CUM de advocationibus ecclefiarum.non finf nifi tria brevia originalia videlicet breve de Redlo Sc duo de Pofleffione fcilt. Ultime prefen-tationis Sc Quare impedit & hucufque ufitatum fue-rit in regno quod cum aliquis jus non habens pre-fentandi prefentaverit ad aliquam ecclefiam cujus prefentatus fit admiflus ipfe qui verus eft patronus per nullum aliud breve recuperare poterit advoca-tionem fuam quam per breve de Redlo quod habet terminari per.duellum vel per magnam affifam per quod heredes infra etatem exiftentes per fraudem & negligentiam cuftodum heredes etiam five majores' five minores per negligentiam vel fraudem tenendum in dotem per Legem Anglie vel mulierum tenendum in dotem vel alio modo ad terminum vite vel annorum vel feodum talliatummultodens exhe-redationem patiebantur de advocationibus fuis vel ad minus quod melius eis fuit ponebantur ad breve de Redlo & in cafu omnino exheredati fuerunt hucufque ftatutum eft quod hujufmodi prefentatione3 non fint hujufmodi redds heredibus aut illis ad quos poft mortem aliquorum hujufmodi advocationes re-verti debent prejudiciales quia quotienfcumque aliquis jus non habens tempore hujufmodi cuftodia-rum prefentaverit vel tempore tenendum in dotem per Legem Anglie vel alio-modo ad terminum vite vel annorum vel per feodum talliatum in proxima vacatione poftquam heres ad etatem pervenerit. vel advocatio poft mortem in forma predidla tenendum ad heredem plcne etatis exifteritem revertitur ha-beat eandem adlionem & exceptionem per breve de Advocatione pofTefTorium qualem haberet uldinus anteceffor hujufmodi heredis plenam habens etatem in ultima vacatione tempore fuo accidente ante mortem fuam vel antequam dimiffio fadfa fuerit ad terminum vel ad feodum talliatum ut preditftumeft. Hoc idem obfervetur de prelentatfonibus fadlis ad ecclefias de hereditateuxorum tempore quo fuerunt fob poteftate virorum foorum quibus per iftud ftatutum fubveniatur per remedium fupradicftum. Viris etiam religiofis Epifcopis Archiepifcopis Redloribus ecclefiarum Sc aliis perfonis eeclefiafticis per iftud idem ftatutum fubveniatur Si quisjus prefentandi non habens prefentaverit ad ecclefias domibus fuis pre-latie dignitati aut perfonatui fpedlantcs tempore quo vacaverint prelatie dignitates aut perfonatus hujufmodi.

Nec tamen ita large Intelligatur iftud ftatutum quod perfone ad quarum remedium iftud ftatutum eft editum habeant recuperare fupradidtum dieen-tes quod cultodes tenentes in dotem per Legem

Anglie

Stat. 1;

85

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Anglie vel aliterad terminum vite vel annorum vel viri fidte defertderunt placitum per ipfos vel contra' ipfos motum Quia judicia in curia Regis reddita per iltud ftatutum lion adnichilentur fet ftet judicium in fuo rdbore quoufque per judicium curie Regis tanquam erroneum fi error inVeniatur adnulletur vel aflifa Ultime prefentationis vel Inquifitio per breve Quare impedit fi tranfierit per attindtam vel per certificationem adnnulletur que gratis conce-datur. Et de cetero una forma placitandi in bre-vibus Ultime prefentationis & Quare impedit inter Juftic5 obfervetur quoad hoc fi pars rea excipiat de plenitudine ecclefie per fuam propriam prefentatio-nem non propter plenitudinem illam remaneat Io-queladummodo breve infra tempus femeftre impe-tretur quamquam infra tempus femeftre prefenta-tionem fuam recuperare non poflit. Et cum ali-quandointer pluresclamantes advocationem alicujus ecclefie pax fuerit formata inter partes & itrotulata coram Juftic’ in rotulo velinfinefubhacformaquod unus primo prefentet & in fequente vacatione alius & in tertia tertiils et fic de pluribus fiplures fint Et cum unus prefentaverit & habuerit fuam prefentationem quam habere debet per formam illius con-ventionis & in proxima vacatione impediatur ille ad quern fequens fpeftat prefentatio per aliqueni qui fuit pars illius conventions vel loco ejus ftatu*-turn eft quod decetero non habeant hujufmodi im-pediti necefle perquirere breve Quare impedit fet habeat recurfum ad rotulum vel ad finem Et fi'in rotulo vel in fine comperta fuerit predidta- pax.vel conventio mandetur vicecomiti quod fcire faciat parti impedienti quod fit ad aliquem brevem diem continentem fpatium quindecim dierum vel trium feptimanarum fecundum quod locus eft propinquus vel remotus oftenfurus fi quid fciat dicere quare fic impeditus talem prefentationem fuam habere non debeat Et fi non venerit vel forte venerit & nichil fciat dicere quare fic impeditus prefentationem fuam habere non debeat ratione alicujus fa£ti.poft pa-cem irrotulatam vel cirographatam recuperet pre-fentationem fuam cum dampnis fuis.. - Et cum con-tingat quod poft mortem antecefloris fui qui ad ec-clefiam prefentaverit affignata fuerit ilia advocatio in dotem alicujus mulieris vel teneatur per Legem Anglie et tenentes in dotem [vel] per Legem Anglie prefentaverint &. verus heres poft mortem hujufmodi tenendum per Legem Anglie vel in dotem impediatur prefentare cum ecclefia vacaverit pro-vifum eft quod decetero fit in eletftiorie impediti utrum perquirere velit per breve Quare impedit vel Ultime prefentationis. Hoc etiam obfervetur de advocationibus dimiffis ad terminum vite vel annorum vel ad feodum talliatum.

Et decetero in brevibus Ultime prefentationis & Quare impedit adjudicentur dampna videlicet'fi tempus femeftre tranfierit per impedimentum alL-cujus ita quod fi .Epifcopus ecclefiam conferat & verus patronus ea vice prefentationem fuam amittat adjudicentur dampna ad’valorem medibtatis1 eccle-

a Ecclefie dfe duobusannls Et fi tempus femeftre non tranfierit fet ad valorem medietaus ecclefie per ujium annum, MS,

e the Courtefie, Tenants in Dower, for Term of Life,

4 or for Years, or Hufbands, faintly have defended 4 Pleas moved by them, .or againft them ; (2) becaufe 4 the Judgements given in the King’s Courts ftlall not 4 be adnulled by this Statute, the Judgement fhall ftand 4 in his Force, until it he reverfed in the Court of the 4 King as erroneous, if Errour be found; (3) or by 4 Aflife of Darrein prefentment, or by Enqueft by a 4 Writ of Sheare impedit, if itbepafled, or be adnulled-' 4 by Attaint, or Certification, which fhall be freely...'

granted. (4.) And from henceforth one Form' of The Defendant; •

4 Pleading fhall be obferved among Juftices in Writs of ^ own'"

4 Darrein Prefentment and ffuare impedit, in this Re- prefentation.

4 fined!, if the Defendant alledgetn Plenarty of the C10. El. 207.

4 Church of his own Prefentation, the Flea fhall not Crv J?c-166>

4 fail by reafon of the Plenarty; fo that the Writ be {LCo-*!•''.......

4 purchafed within fix Months, .though he cannot re-4 cover his Prefentation within the fix Months. - C5 X73j^S,. 1 >6,169.

4 And fometimes when an Agreement is made 'between-Fitz. Encum-4 many claiming one Advowfon, and inrolled before i’cnt> 1> z» 4*

4 the Juftices in the.-Roll, or by Fine, in this Form, Br0, p,e"art?»

4 that one fhall. prefent the firft i ime,- and at the next 4 Avoidance another, -and the- third Time another; Preffn’ratio’ns 4 and fo'of. manyy in- cafe there be many. (6) And to a Church by 4 when one hath prefented, and had his Prefentation, Compofitior.

4 which Ke ought to have according to the Form of^g0* gekntat‘ ‘'their Agreement and Fine, and at tne next Avoidance co’.jUt." 114. b,

4 he to whom the fecond Prefentation belongeth, is 5 Co. 102.

4 difturbed by any that was Party to the faid b ine, or ‘3 Ed- 4- 3-4' by fome other in his Stead ; (7) it is provided. That	.

4 from henceforth they that be fo difturbed fhall have	‘m“

4 no need 'to fue a Square impedit, but fhall refort to the g2)

4 Roll or Fine; (8) and if the faid Concord or Agree-Fitz-Darrein 4'ment be found in the Roll or Fine, then the Sheriff prefent. n.

4 fhall be commanded, that he give Knowledge unto Co- P1-	-

4 the Difturber, that he be ready at fome fhort Day, 473'

4 containing the Space of Fifteen Days, or three Weeks 4 (as the Place happeneth to be near or far) for to fhevv.

4 if he can alledge any Thing, wherefore the Party 4 that is difturbed ought not to prefent:. (9) And if 4 he come not, or peradventure doth.come, and can al- a Difturbance °

4 ledge nothing to bar the Party of his Prefentation, by after a particular 4 Reafon of any Deed made or written *fince the Fine Eftate ended.

4 was made or inrolled, he fhall recover his Prefenta- * Any thing 4 tion with his Damages. (10) And where it chanceth 1)0116 CncC) &c’

4 that after the Death of the Anceftor of him that pi e-4 fented his Clerk unto a Church, the fame Advowfon .

4 is affigned in Dower to any Woman, or to-Tenant 4 by the Curtefie, which do prefent, and after the :

4 Death of- fuch Tenants the very Heir is difturbed to c prefent when the Church is .void, (11) it is provided, Fit*- Darrein -4 That from henceforth it fhall be in the Eiedti'on.of P16*™1,13- -4 the Party, difturhed, whether he will fue a Writ of .

4 Quare impedit, or of Darrein prefentment. The fame 4 fhall be obferved in Advowfons demifed for Term of 4 Life, or Years, or in Fee-tail.

4 III. And from henceforth in Writs of Qilare Tm- Damages in-;-4 pedit. and Darrein Prefentment, Damages fhall be a- Qii-iy impede 4 warded, that is to wit, If the Time of fix Months an5D?rrein.

4 pafs by the Difturbance of any, fo that the Bifhop RegftpjTd! "50.

4> do confer to the Church, and the very Patron lofeth v.N.B. 25,26,

4 his Prefentation for that Time, Damages fhall bs in Cafe.ct the.

4 awarded for two Years Value of the Church. (2} KlnS-4 And if the fix Months be not palled, but thePrefentr 7 f’ lSz,‘

4 ment be deraigned within the-faid Time, then Da- p-pj Damage,

4. 9> *7.’9>382

difrstianetur prefentatio infra tempus prediftum tunc adjudicentur dampna 93, ic6, .

4-maees

Scat. i«:

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1285..

Fit*. Q^are im- c pedit, 24, 45.	<

Dyer, 135, 236, c 241.	t

Kel. 57.

6 Co. 48.	‘

2 Roll 112. c

Qua re imped it of Prebends,

Vicarages,

Hofpitais, &c.

24 Ed. 3. 26.

Fit*. Quare im-pedit, 4, 16, 18,

=7, 3°> 32, 7°>

821 129, 140,

157, 183.

Kifluibance by Indicavit,

Rcjift, 35.

31 H. 6. 13,

Sro. Droit, 8,

7 Co. 25, 27.

35 H. 6. 6o«

3S H. 6. 9.

22 Ed. 4. 8.

Ufurpation by one Coparcener upon another, c. 13. far Payment of Tubes, &c, 7 Ami, c« 2 8.

mages fhall be awarded to: the Half Year’s Value of the Church; (3) and if the Difturber have not, whereof he may recotnpenfe Damages* in cafe where the Bifhop conferreth by Lapfe of -Time, he fhall be. punifhed by two Years Imprifonment: (4) And if the Advowfon be deraigned within the half Year*, yet the Difturber fhall be punifhed by the Imprifon-: ment of half aYear.

. ‘ IV. And from henceforth Writs fhall be granted for Chapels, Prebends, Vicarages, Hofpitais, Ab^ beys, Priories, and other Hcufes which be of the Adn vowfons of other Men, that have not been ufed to be granted before, (z) And when the Parfon of any. Church is difturbed to demand Tythcs in the next Parifh by a Writ of Indlcavit, the Patron of the Par-fen fo difturbed, fhall have a Writ to. demand the Advowfon of the Tythes being in demand ; (;j). and when it is deraigned, then fhall the Plea pals in the Court Chriftian, as far forth, as it is.deraigned in the King’s Court.

‘ V. When an Advowfon defeendeth unto Parceners, though one prefent-twice, and ufurpeth upon his Coheir, yet he that was negligent fhall'not be clearly barred, but another Time fhall have his Turn to pre-r fent when it falleth.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. fie per annum. Et fi impeditor nichil- habeat unde reftituere pofiit dampna in cafii quando Epifcopus confert per lapfum temporis puniatur p r. prifonam duorum annorum Et fi advocatio difratiooetur Infra tempus femeftre puniatur tamen impeditor per pri-fonam dimidii anni.

Et de cetero concedantur brevia de Capellis.prer bendis vicariisHofpitalibus Abbatiis Prioratibus & aliis domibui que funt de advocationibus aliquo-i rum que prius concedi non confueverunt. Et cum per breve Indlcavit impediatur rector alicujus eccle-fie ad petendum decimas in vicina parochiahabeat patronus reftoris fic impediti breve ad petendum advocationem decimarum petitarum Et cum difra-tionaverit procedat.poftmodum placitum imeuria Chriftianitatis quatenus.difrationatum fuerit in curia Regis;

Cum advocatio defeendit participibus licet unu? bis prefentet & ufurpet fuper coheredem non propter hoc exclufus fit idle in toto qui fuit negligens.fet alias habeat turnum fuum prefentandi cptn acci-r derit.

Fits. Quare impedit, i, 3, 7, 8, 20, 39, 40, 51, 58, 50, 64, 65, 69, 104, 148, 196. Raft, 101,144, 496.

See farther concerning Adn/oiofons 17 Ed, 2. c. 8*	25	Ed,	3.	flat*	3.	c*	3.	&	7.	13	i?.	z,fat.

Hob. 238. See 2 &•' 3 Ed. 6, z* c* x« 4II. 4, c, zz, 'Ard

C-A P., 'VI.

The Penalty if a Tenant impleaded'voucheth, and' the Vouchee denieth his. Warranty; *

The Penalty where the Voucher denieth his Warranty.

2 Inft. 366.

45 Ed. 3. 16.

A Venire facias at the Demandant’s Requeft. Raft. 352, 687, &c.

“ \\7 HEN any demandeth Land againft another^ “ VV and the Party that is impleaded voucheth tq cc Warranty, and the Warrantor denieth his War-j “ ranty, and the Plea hangeth long:between the Te-“ nant and the Warrantor; (2) and at length, when “ it is tried, that the Vouchee is bound to Warranty : “ by the Law and Cuftom of the Fvealm hitherto ufed ■“ there was none other Punifhment afiigned for the “ Vouchee that denieth his Warranty, but only that “ he Ihould warrantize, and fhould be amerced, be-“ caufe he did not warrant before, (3) whichwaspre-“ judicial unto the Demandant, becaufe he fuffered “ oftentimes great Delays by Collufion between the “ Tenant and the Warrantor.” (4) ‘ Wherefore our ‘ Lord the King hath ordained, That like as the Te-

*	nant fhould leefe the Land being in Demand, in cafe ‘ where he vouched, and the Vouchee could difeharge c himfelf of the Warranty, in the fame wife fnall the

*	Warrantor leefe in cafe where he denieth his War-£ ranty, and it be tried againft him that:he is bounden ‘ to Warranty. (5) And if an Inqueft be depending ‘ between the Tenant and the Warrantor, and the De-‘ mandant will require a Writ to caufe the Jury to c come, it fhall be granted him.’ .

CUM quis petat tenementum yerfusmlium Sc nnpiacitatus vocaverit'ad warrantum '8c war7 rantus dedicat warrantiam. & diu pendeat placitum inter tenentem & warrantum cum ad ultimum conv viricatur quod vocatus ad warrantum warrantizare tenetur per legem & confuetudinem ha&enus ufi-tatam non fuitabqua pena. infliefta vocato qui warrantizare dedixit nifi tantum.quod warrantizaret Sc eflet in mifericordia quia.prius non warrantizavit quod durum fuit petenti qui multotiens per collu-fionem inter-tenentem & warrantum magnas-fufti-nuit dilationes. Propter .quod ftatuit dominus rex quod ficut tenensamitteret tenementum petituin fi vocaflet ad warrantum Sc warrantus fe pallet de-volvere de warantia eodem modo amittat waranrus fi warantiam dedicat Sc convincatur quod warrantizare debeat. Et fi inquifitio pendeat inter tenentem & warrantum & pete ns petat breve ad faciendum venire juratam concedatur ei.

CAP. VII.

Admeafurement of Dower for the Guardian and'the Heir, and the Procefs therein.

Proccfc in 2	‘	A Writ of Admeafurement of Dower fhall be from

Wr.tof Ad- < ±\. henceforth granted to a Guardian ; (z) neither o^Dower'or ‘ fhall the Heir, when he cometh to full Age, be barT f’aftore.	‘	red by the Suit of fuch a Guardian, that lueth againft

Fit2. Admeafur. ‘ the Tenant in Dower feignedly, and by Collufion, 3i 4j 5i 9> »o> ‘ but that he may admeafure the Dower after, as it 17*	2

GUftodi decetero concedatur breve de Amenfu-ratione dotis nec per fecfani cuftodis fi fiiSle Sc per collufionem fequatur verfus mulierem tenentem in dotem precludatur Heres cum ad etatem per-.venerit ad dotem amenfurandam fecundum quod per Legem Anglie fuerit amenfuranda. Et tam in

brevi

■Ex Rot. m.Tnrr. iLond. brevi ifto quam in brevitde Amenfuratione pafture celerior quam .prius decetero fioproceflus Ita<quod cum perventum ifueritr ad magnam diftrifitionem demur dies infra quos duo comitatus teneantur ad ouos publica fiatproclamatia quod defendens veniat ad diem m brevi contentum querenti refponfurus ad quern drem fi venerit procedat placitum inter eos Et'fi non venerit & proclamatio fupradidto modo per vicecomitem teftificata fuerit procedatur per defaltam ad amenfurationem faciendam,

‘ ought to be admeafured by the Law of England. (3)

‘ And as .well in this Writ, as in a Writ of Admeafure- 7^'A' ~1’

‘ ■ meat of Pq/lurc, more fpeedy Procels {hall be awarded 1	'	3'

‘:than hath been ufed hitherto;. (4) fo that when it is c come unto the great Diftrefs, Days {hall be given, within which two Counties may .be holdcn, at the ‘ which open Proclamation {hall be made, that the De-fendant {hall come in at the Day contained in the ‘ Writ, to anfwer to the Plaintiff; at which Day, if he come in, the Plea fhall pafs between them; (5)

‘ and if he do not come, and the Proclamation be tef-’* tified by the Sheriff in manner abovefeid, upon his 1^^.171,297,, ‘ Default they {hall make Admeafurement.’	a	tnft.	367.

C A P. VIII.

In what Cafe a Secunda fuperoneratione Pqftura (hall be awarded.

CUM per placitum motum per breve de Amenfuratione pafture paftura fuerit amenfurata ali-quando coram Juftic’aliquando in comitatu coram vieecomite .multotiens contingit quod poft hujufmodi amenfurationem facftam iter.um ponit ille qui primo fuperoneravit pafturam plura animalia quam ad ipfum pertinefhabcnda nec hucufque provifum effet remedium ftatutum eft quod de fecunda fuper-oneratione'fiat remedium querenti Tub hac forma quod conquerens habeat breve de Judicio ft coram Juftic’. amenfurata fuerit paftura quod vicecomesin prefentia partium premunitarum ft intereffe volue-fint inquirat de f cunda fuperoneratione que ft in-venta fuerit mandetur juftic’ fub figillo vicecomitis & figillis juratorum& Jufticiarii adjudieentdampna conqucrenti '& ponant in ext radii s valorem anima-lium que-fuperonerans poft. amenfurationem fac-tampofuit in pafturam ultra quod debuit'&extrac-tas liberent'Baronibu? de Scaccario ut indeTefpon-deant domino regi. Si in eomitatu fafta fuerit a-menfuiatio tunc ad inftantiam querentis exeat breve de cancellaria quod vicrcomes inquirat fuper hujufmodi fuperoneratione Et de avcriis pofttis in paftura ultra debitum numerum vel de pretio domino regi ad fcaecarium fuum refpondeant'. Et ne vicecOmites fraudem faciant domino Regi in ifto cafu coneordatum eft quod omnia hujufmodi brevia de fecunda fuperoneratione que exeunt de cancellaria irrotiilentur & in fine anni mittatur tranfcrip-tum ad'Scaccarium fub figillo Cancellarii ut videant Thefaurarius'&Barones de Scaccario qualiter vicecomites refpondeant de exitibus hujufmodi brevium. Eodem modo irrotulentur brevia de Redilfeifina & mittantur ad Scaccarium in fine anni.

rHereas by a Plea moved upon a Writ of Ad- i lnrt. 369, ■meafurement of Pafure, the Pafture was fome- Raft*

" time admeafured before the Juftices, fometime before ‘ the Sheriff in the County, (2) and it chanced ma-‘ ny times, after fuch Admeafurement made, the Pa-‘ fture to be overcharged again by him that firft did it,

‘ with more Beafts than he ought to keep, whereupon ‘ no Remedy hath been yet provided;” ‘ (3) it is or-: dained, That upon the fecond Overcharge, the Plaintiff {hall have Remedy in this manner: (4) If the Admeafurement were before the Juftices, the Plaintiff {hall have a Writ judicial, that the Sheriff in Prefence of the Parties being fummoned (if they will come) {hall inquire upon the fecond Overcharge; which if it be found, it lhall be returned before the Juftices, under the Seals of the Sheriff, and the Seals of the Jurors; (;) and the Juftices lhall award the Admeafurement Plaintiff Damages, and fhall put in the Extreats the before JuftlccE' Value of the Beafts which were put into the Pafture after fueh Admeafurement more than he ought, and fhall deliver the Extreats unto the Barons of the Exchequer, whereof they fhall. anfwer unto the King. AJmeafuremsne (6) If fuch Admeafurement were made in the Coun- in the County ty, then, at the Requeft of the Plaintiff, a Writ {ball go out of the Chancery, that the Sheriff fhall inquire of fuch Overcharge ; .and for the Beafts put in the Pafture above the due Number, or for the value of them, he fhall anfwer to the'King at the Exchequer. (7) And left the-Sheriff might defraud the King in this Cafe, it is agreed, that all'fuch Writs DeJecnnda fuperoneratione, that pafs out of the Chancery,' fhall be inrolled, and at the Year’s End the Tranfcripts fhall be fent into the Exchequer under the Chancellor’s Seal,' that the Treafurer and' Barons of the Exchequer may fee how the Sheriff doth anfwer of the Iffues of fuch Writs'. (8) In-the fame wife'Writs of Rediffeifin fhall be inrolled and Tent Regiff, 157,-into the Exchequer at the Year’s End-’

. ,C A .P. IX- :

In wfrat Cale the Writ of Mefne is to be purfueck

CUMcapitales domini diftringant feodum fuum ■pro ferviciis & confuetudinibus fibi debitis Si medius fit .qui tenentem lacquietare debet 'cum non jaceaf in ore' tenentis poltquam diftriclionem feplegiaverit dedicere demandam capitalis domini qu i. ad voc at. in curia .don: in i regis- juftam diftridtio-

*' ^

TIEN chief Lords diftrain in their Fee for 3 Cuftoms and."Services to.themdue, and there " “ is a Mean which ought to .acquit the Tenant,

“ Tithenee it lieth not in the Mouth of the Tenant,-“ after-that he hath replevied, the Diftrefs, to deny the “ Demand-of the chief Lord, which avoweth in the'

et S

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi T.»

King’s Court, that the Diftrefs is lawfully taken “ upon his Tenant, which is upon theMean ; (z) and “ many have been heretofore fore grieved by fuch Dif-“ trefles, in fo much as the Mean (notwithftanding “ that he hath whereby he may be diftrained) doth “ make long Delays before he will come into the Court “ to anfwer for his Tenant unto the Writ of Mean ; “ (3) and further, the Cafe was moft hard when “ theMean had nothing: (4) In cafe alfo when the “ Tenant was ready to do his Services and Cuftoms “ unto his Lord, and the chief Lord would refufe to “ take fuch Services and Cuftoms by the Hands of any “ other than of his next Tenant, and fo fuch Tenants “ in Demean loft fomcwhiles the Profits of their Lands “ for a Time, and fomewhiles for their whole Time, “ and hitherto no Remedy hath been provided in this “ Cafe 5” (5) ‘a Remedy is provided and ordained Melne^and the ‘ hereafter in this Form, That fo foon as fuch Tenant Procefs therein. ‘ in Demean (having a Mean between him and the Regiih. 160.	‘	chief Lord) is diilrained, incontinent the Tenant

Fitz. Mcfne, i, « (hall purchafe his Writ of Mean. (6) And if the 3, 7, 11, iz, 15, < Mean, having Land in the fame County, abfent him-2 ’	*0’	‘	fe!f until the great Diftrefs awarded, the Plaintiff fhall

1	’ 5 ’ 5 ’ * have fuch Day given him in his Writ of great Diftrefs,

*	afore the coming; whereof two Counties' may. be

*	holden, and the Sheriff fhall be commanded to dif-‘ train the Mean by the great Diftrefs, like as it is con-‘ tained in the Writ, and neverthelefs the Sheriff in

. ‘ two full Counties fhall caufe to (be proclaimed fo-

*	lernnly, that the Mean do come at a Day contained

*	in the Writ, to anfwer his Tenant-, (7) at which

ao*!!*00 3mat * ^ay, he come’ Plea fhall pafs between them Co. Lit. too. a. ‘ after the common LTfage ; <(8) and if he do not come, Fitz, Mefnc, 3, ‘ then fuch Mefne fhall lofe the Services of his Tenant, J*, 47>57* and from thenceforth the Tenant fhall not anfwer ®7j 7°-	4	him in any Thing; but the fame Mean being ex-

‘ eluded, he fhrll anfwer unto the chief Lord for fuch ‘ Services and Cuftoms as before he ought to have done

*	to the fame Mean ; (9) neither fhall the chief Lord i-idgcd ofhis^" * have Power to diftrain, fo long as the aforefaid Te-Fce and Services. ‘ nant doth offer him the Services and Cuftoms due.

*	(io) And if the chief Lord exaft more than the

*	Mean ought to do, the Tenant in fuch Cafe fhall have

*	fuch Exceptions as the Mean fhould. (1 1) And if

*	the Mean have nothing within the King’s Dominion,

*	the Tenant fhall neverthelefs purchafe his Writ of ‘ Mean to the Sheriff of the fame Shire wherein he is ‘ diftrained. (iz) And if the Sheriff return, that he

*	hath nothing whereby he may be fummoned, then

*	fhall the Tenant fue his Writ of Attachment. (13) ‘ And if the Sheriff return, that he hath nothing to be ‘ attached by, he fhall neverthelefs fue his Writ of ‘ Great Diftrefs, and Proclamation fhall be made in ‘ Form abovefaid. (14) And if the Mean have no ‘ Land in the Shire where the Diftrefs is taken, but

*	hath Land in fome other Shire, then a Writ Origi-

*	nal fhall iffue to Summon the Mean unto the Sheriff

*	of the fame Shire where the Diftrefs is taken, and ‘ when it is returned by the Sheriff that he hath no-‘ thing in his Shire, a Writ Judicial fhall iffue to fum-4 mon the Mean unto the Sheriff of the fame Shire, ‘ in which it fhall be teftified that he hath Land, and ‘ Suit fhall be made in the fame Shire until they have 4 paired unto the Great Diftrefs and Proclamation, as ‘ above is faid in the Mean having Land in the fame ‘ Shire in which the Diftrefs is taken. (13) And ne-c verthelefs Suit fhall be made in the fame Shire where ‘ he hath nothing, as above is faid of the Mean that

A. D. 128$.

Ex Rot. iti'Turr. Lond. nem fieri fuper tenentem fuum videlicet fuper medium multi per hujufmodi diftricliones hucufque gravati extiterunt per hoc quod medius licet habe-ret per quod diftringi poflet magnas fecerit dilatio-nes antequam ad curiam venerit ad refporidendum hujufmodi tenentibus fuis ad breve de medio per hoc etiam quod’durius fuit in cafu quando medius nichil habuit In cafu etiam quando fi tenens para-tus effet facere capitali domino fervicia & confuA-tudines exaftas & capitalis dominus fervicia & con-fuetudines fibi debitas renuebat percipere per ma-nus alterius quam proximi tenentis fui & fie ami-ferunt hujufmodi tenentes in dominico proficuum terrarum fuarum aliquando ad tempus aliquando toto tempore fuo nec fuit antea aliquod remedium in hoc cafu provifum Ordinatum eft & provifum in hoc cafu remedium impofterum fub hac forma quod quam cito hujufmodi tenens “in dominico habens medium inter ipfum & eapitalem dominum diftringitur ftatim perquirat fibi tenens breve de Medio & fi medius habens terram in eo-dem comitatu diffugerit ufque ad magnam diftri£ti-onem detur querenti in brevi fuo de magna di-ftridlione talis dies ante cujus adventum duo co-mitatus' teneantur & precipiatur vicecomiti quod diftringat medium per magnam diftrictionem prout in brevi continetur Et nichilominus vicecomes in duobus plenis comitatibus folempniter proclamarx faciat quod hujufmodi medius veniat ad diem in brevi contentum refponfurus tenenti fuo ad quern diem fi venerit procedat placitum intor eos modo confueto Et finon venerit amittat hujufmodi medius fervicium tenentis fui & amodo non refpondeat ei tenens in aliquo fet omiffo illo medio refpondeat capitali domino de eifdem ferviciis & confuetudini-bus que prius facere debuit predi&o medio nec ha-beat capitalis dominus poteftatem diftringendi dum prediftus tenens ofFerat ei fervicia debita & con-fueta. Et fi capitalis dominus exegerit plufquam medius ei facere deberet habeat tenens in hoc cafu exceptionem quam haberet medius. Si vero medius nichil habuerit in poteftate Regis nichilominus perquirat tenens breve fuum de medio ad vice-comitem illius comitatus in quo diftringitur. Et fi vicecomes mandaverit quod nichil habet ubi po-teft fummoneri nichilominus fequatur breve de at-tachiamento. Et fi vicecomes mandaverit quod nichil habet per quod poteft attachiari nichilominus fequatur breve de magna diftriftione & fiat proclamatio in forma predifta. Si vero medius non habet terram in comitatu in quo fit diftri&io fet habeat terrain in alio comitatu tunc exeat breve originale ad fummonendum medium ad vicecomi-tem illius comitatus in quo fit diftri£tio & cum teftificatum fuerit per ilium vicecomitem quod nichil habeat in comitatu fuo exeat breve de Judicio ad fummonendum medium ad vicecomitem illius comitatus in quo teftificatum fuerit quod habet te-nementa & fiat fedta in illo comitatu quoufque perveniatur ad magnam diftridlionem & procla-mationem ficut dibtum eft fupra de medio habente terram in eodem comitatu in quo fit diftri£tio Sc nichilominus fiat fefta in comitatu in quo nichil habet ficut didlum eft fupra de medio nichil habente quoufque perveniatur ad magnam diftridlio-nem & proclamationem & fic poft proclamationem in utroque comitatu faftam abjudicetur medius a feodo & fervicio fuo. Et cum aliquando contin-

gat

Stat. r. $9

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond. gat quod tenens in dominico feoffatus eft ad tenendum per minus fervicium quam medius facere de-buit capitali domino cum poft hujufmodi procla-mationem attornatus fit tenens capitali domino medio omiflo ncceffe habet tenens refpondere capitali domino de ferviciis Sc confuetudinibus que medius ei prius facere debuit. Et poftquam venerit medius in curia Sc cognoverit quod acquietare debeat tenehtem fuum vel adjudicetur ad acquietan-dum fi poft hujufmodi cognitionem vel judicium querimohia perveniat quod medius non acquietavit tenentem fmirn tunc exeat breve de Judicio quod vicecomes diftringat medium ad acquietandum tenentem fuum & ad efiendum coram Jufticiariis ad certum diem ad oftendendum quare prius non acquietavit Etcum per diftridlionem venerit audiatur querens Sc fi quereris verificare poterit quod ipfum non acquietavit fatisfaciet de dampnis Sc per judicium tenens recedat quietus de fuo medio Sc attor-netur capitali domino. Et fi ad primam diftri&io-nem non venerit exeat breve de alia diftridflone Sc fiat proclamatio Et poftquam teftificata fuerit pro-c'edatur ad judicium ficut fuperius didtum eft. Et fciendum quod per hoc ftatutum non excluduntur tenentes quin habeant warrantiam fi de tenemen-tis fuis implacitentur fuper medios fuos Sc eorum heredes ficut prius habuerun't. Nec etiam excluduntur tenentes quin fequi poffint veffus medios fuos fecundum confuetudinem prius ufitatam fi vi-derint quod proceffus eorum plus valeat per anti-qqam confuetudinerri quam per iftud ftatutum. Et fciendum quod per iftud ftatutum non provide-tur remedium quibufcumque mediis let folummodo in cafu cum fit unuS medius tantum inter dominum diftringentem & tenentem Et in cafu quando medius ille eft plene etatis & in cafu quando tenens fine prejudicio alterius quam medii attornare fe poteft capitali domino quod didfum eft pro mulie-ribus tenentibus in dotem tenentibus per Legem Anglie vel aliter ad terminum vite vel per feodum talliatum quibus pro aliquibus cafibus nondum eft remedium provifurri fet Deo dante alias provide-bitur.

‘ hath nothing, until the Procefs come to the Great .

‘ Diftrefs and Proclamation; (16) and fo after Pro-‘ clamation made in both Counties, the Mean {hall be ‘ fore-judged of his Fee and Service. (17) And where The Tenant ‘ it happeneth fometimes, that the Tenant in Demean holding by left ‘ is infeoffed to hold by lefs Service than the MeanScrv!Ce :1,jn ,

‘ ought to do unto the chief Lord, when after fuch	A3?■	nt"'

*	Proclamation the Tenant hath attorned to the chief 5jJ' L ’

‘ Lord, and the Mean being excluded, the Tenant’Fitz. Avowry,

‘ muft of Neceffity anfwer unto the chief Lord for all 146,168.

‘ fuch Services and Cuftoms as the Mean was wont to ‘ do to him. (18) And after that the Mean is come ‘ into the Court, and hath confeffed that he ought to

*	acquit his Tenant, or be compelled by Judgement to c acquit, if after fuch Confefiion or Judgement it is c complained that the Mean doth not acquit his Te-

‘ nant, then {hall iflue a Writ Judicial; that the She- Fitz. Mefne,

‘ riff {hall diftrain the Mean to acquit the Tenant, and 28, 19.

‘ to be at 'a- certain Day before the Jufticers, for to ‘ fhevv why he hath not acquitted him before ; and ‘ when they have proceeded unto the Great Diftrefs,

‘ the Plaintiff fhall be heard; (19) And if the Plaintiff Damages in a ‘ can prove that he hath not acquitted him, he {hall Yfr,t; °( M‘fne* c yield Damages, and by Award of the Court the Te- ,‘tz- roce s’ c nant fliall go quit from the Mean, and {hall attorn Fitz. Mefne, c unto the chief Lord. (20) And if he come not at the 20,14, 38, 59, c firft Diftrefs, a Writ mail go forth to diftrain him68>7°-‘ again, and Proclamation fhall be made, and as foon ‘ as it is returned, they fhall proceed in Judgement, e' as before is faid. (21) And it is to be underftanden, The Tenants ‘ that by this Statute Tenants are not excluded, but Warranty of ‘ they fhall have a Warranty of the Means and their t!l.e Mefne.

‘ Heirs, if they be impleaded of their Lands, as they ^'tZl Mefne»

‘ have had before; (22) nor the Tenants fhall be ex-Fit’z> Mefnc ‘ eluded, but that they may fue againft their Means, z-: j5> 79/

‘ as they ufed heretofore, if they fee that their Procefs ‘ may be more available by the old Cuftom, than by ‘ this Statute. (23) And it is to wit, that by this For which ‘ Statute no Remedy is provided to any Means, but Means only only in cafe where there is but one only Mean be- ‘his Statute ‘ tween‘the Lord that diftraineth and the Tenant ; .ls or<!ail>e<J'

‘ (Z4) and in cafe where that Mean is of full Age;

‘ (25) and in cafe where the Tenant may attorn unto-‘ the chief Lord without Prejudice of any other than ‘ of the Mean, which is fpoken for Women Tenants ■

‘ in Dower, and Tenants by the Courtefie, or othcr-

*	wife for Term of Life, or in Fee-tail, unto whom

*	for certain Caufes Remedy is not yet provided, but

*	(God willing; there {hall be at another l'ime.’ Raft. 433, 4c.

CAP. X.

At what Time Writs fhall be delivered for Suits depending before Juftices in Eyre. Any

Perfon may make a general Attorney. 1

CUM in itincre Juftitiariorum proclamatum fuerit quod omnes qui brevia liberare volue-rint ea liberent infra certum terminum poft quern nullum breve recipiatur multi de hoc confidcntes cummoram fecerint ufque ad prediiftum terminum Sc nullum breve fuper eos fuerit liberatum de licen-tin Juftitiariorum recedunt poft quorum receffum adverfarii fui ipforum abfentiam percipientes brevia fua porrigunt in cera que aliquando per fraudem aliquando per vie’ pro ilono recipiuntur & alii qui fecure creaebant receffiffe tenementa fua amittunt. Ut hujufmodi fraudi fubveniatur impofterum ftatiiit Dominus Rex quod Juftitiarii in itineribus fuis fta-Vol. I.

“ \ T 7Hereas in the Circuit of Juftices it was pro- 2 Inft> 5<

“ V V claimed. That all fuch as would deliver Delivering of “ Writs, fhculd deliver them within a certain Time, Writs for “ after which no Writ fhouldbe received; many truft- Suits depending “ ing upon the fame, and tarrying until the faid Time, k Fr^J,lftu'c' “ and no Writ ferved upon them, departed by Licence ln }rc*

“ of the faid Juftices; after whofe Departure their “ Adverfaries, perceiving their Abfence, delivered their “ Writs in Wax, which fometimes by Fraud, and “ fometimes for Rewards, be received of the Sheriff’,

“ and they, that thought to have departed quiet, lofe “ their Lands.”. ‘ (2) For the Remedy of fuch Fraud ‘ from henceforth, the King hath ordained. That the

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I, A. D. 1285.

* ij Ed. 2. ftat, 4 Juftices in their Circuits {hail appoint a Time of fif-*• c*4*	4 teen Days, of a Month, or a Time more or lefs (af-

‘ ter as the County fhall happen to be more or lefs) 4 within which Time it fhall be openly proclaimed, 4 that all fucb as will deliver their Writs, fhall deliver 4 them before the fame Time; (3) and when the Time 4 cometh, the Sheriff fhall certihe the Chief Juftice in 4 Eyre how many Writs he hath, and what, and that no 4 Writ be received after the fame Time ; (4) and if it 4 be received, the Procefs ifiuing thereupon fhall be of 4 none Effedt; but only that a Writ abated any Time 4 during the Circuit may be amended ; (5) alfo Writs 4 of Dower of Men that died within the Summons of 4 the Circuit, Aflifes of Darrain prefentment, Square 4 impedit, of Churches vacant within the forefaid Sum-4 mons, fhall be received at any Time before the De-4 parture of the Juftices ; (6) alfo Writs of Novel dif-4 Jeifin, at what Time foever .the DifTeifin was done, Any Perfonmjy * fhall be received in the Circuit of‘JuJlices. (7) Our make a general 4 Lord the King of his fpecial Grace granteth. That Attorney. ‘ fiich as have Land in divers Shires where the Juftices 4 make their Circuit, and that have Land in Shires 4 where the Juftices have no Circuit, that fear to be 4 impleaded, and are impleaded of other Lands in 4 Shires where they have no Circuit, as before the Ju-4 ftices at Wejlminjler, or in the King’s Bench, or be-4 fore Juftices afiigned to take Aflifes, or in any Coun-4 ty before Sheriffs, or in any Court Baron, may make 4 a genera] Attorney to fue for them in all Pleas in the 4 Circuit of Juftices moved or to be moved for them, 4 or againft them, during the Circuit; (8) which At-4 torney or Attorneys fhall have full Power in all Pleas 4 moved during the Circuit, until the Plea be deter-4 mined, or that his Matter remove him; (9) yet fhall 4 they not be excufed thereby, but they fhall be put in See r,rtier 4 Juries and Aflifes before the fame Juftices.’

corning Power of making Attorney, 7 R. 2. c, 14.	15	H. 6. c, 7.

* This fee ms to he a mijlaken Reference^ then being no fuch Tear of the King,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. tuant terminum quindecim dierum vel menfis mi-noris vel majoris termini fecundum quod comitatus fuerit major vel minor infra quern terminum publice proclameturquod omnes qui brevia liberarevoluerint ea liberent citra ilium terminum & in adventu illius termini certificet vicecomes capitalem Juftitiarium itineris quot brevia habet & que & quod ultra ilium terminum nullum breve recipiatur quod ft re-ceptum fuerit proceflus per illud fadtus pro nullo habeatur excepto quod breve caffalum durante toto itinere relevati poterit brevia etiam de Dote de viris qui obierint infra fummonitionem itineris aftife Ul-time prefentationis Quare impedit de ecclefiis va-cantibus infra fummonitionem predidtam quocum-que tempore ante recefTum juftitiariorum brevia etiam Nove difieiline quocumque tempore facta fuerit difleifina recipiantur. In itineribus Juftitiariorum concedit Dominus Rex de gratia fpeciali quod illi qui tenementa habent in diverfis comita-tibus in quibus Juftic’ itinerant vel de quibufdam tenementis in comitatu in quo Juftitiarii itinerant timent implacitari & de aliis tenementis in comitatu in quo Juftitiarii non itinerant implacitantur coram, Juftitiariis apud Weftm’ vel in Banco Domini Regis vel coram Juftitiariis ad affifas capiendas aflig-natis vel in aliquo comitatu coram vie’vel inaliqua curia Baronum facere poflint attornatum genera-lem ad fequendum pro eis in omnibus placitis in itinere Juftitiariorum proipfis vel contra ipfos mods vel movendis durante itinere qui quidem attor-natus vel attornati habeant poteftatem in placitis mods in itinere quoufque placitum terminetur vel dominus fuus ipfum amoverit nec per hoc excu-fentur ft fuerint in jurads vel aflifis coram eifdem Juftitiariis.

CAP. XI.

The Matters Remedy againft their Servants, and other Accomptants.

In what Cates * /'"'i Concerning Servants, Bailliffs, Chamberlains, and Mmrrit*Ac*^ *	Manner	of Receivers, which are bound to

temptants to * yield Accompt, it is agreed and ordained, That Prifon.	4	when the Mailers of fuch Servants do aflign Auditors

Co. Lit. 295. a. 4 to take their Accompt, and they be found in Arrear-2 inft. 378.	‘	ages upon the Accompt, all Things allowed which

6	{	ought to be allowed, their Bodies fhall be arrefted,

rit’z. Avowry, * and by the Teftimony of the Auditors of the fame 220.	’	4	Accompt, fhall be fent or delivered unto the next

Regift. 137. c Gaol of the King’s in thofe Parts ; (2) and fhall be Raft. 24, &£•	4	received of the Sheriff' or Gaoler, and imprifoned in

4 Iron under fafe Cuflody, and fhall remain in the 4 fame Prifon at their own Coft, until they have fatif-The Accompt- < fled their Mafter fully of the Arrearages. (3) Ne-Fftz! Acconipt, * verthelefs if any Perfon being fo committed to Prifon, 23, 26, 47, 74’, 4 do complain, that the Auditors of his Accompt have ic6.	4	grieved him unjuftly, charging him with Receipts

32 H. 3. c. 23. « that he hath not received, or not allowing him Ex-29 Ed, 3. f, 5. c penceSj or reafonable Difburfements, and can find 4 Friends that will undertake to bring him hefore the 4 Barons of the Exchequer, he fhall be delivered unto 4 them ; (4) and the Sheriff (in whofe Prifon he is 4 kept) fhall give Knowledge unto his Mafter, that he 4 appear before the Barons of. the Exchequer at a cer-* tain Day, with, the Rolls and Tallies by which he

DE fervientibus ballivis camerariis & quibufeum-que receptoribus qui ad compotum reddendum tenentur concorditer eft ftatutum & ordina-tum quod cum dominus hujufmodi fervientium de-derit eis auditores compoti & contingat ipfos efle in arreragiis fuper compotum fuum areftentur cor-poraipforum et perteftimonium auditorumejufdem compoti mittantur et liberentur proxime gaole do-, mini Regis in partibus illis & a vicecomite feu cu-ftode ejufdem gaole recipiantur & mancipentur carceri in ferris fub bona 'cuftodia & in ilia prifona remaneant de fuo proprio viventes quoufque domi-nis fuis de arreragiis plenarie fatisfecerint. Atta-men ft quis fic gaole liberatus conqueratur quod auditores compoti ipfum injufte gravaverunt onerando de receptis que non recepit vel non allocando ex-penfas aut liberationes rationabiles & inveniat ami-cos qui eum manucapere voluerint ad ducendum corain baronibus de fcaccario liberetur cis & feire faciat vicecomes in cujus prifona fuerit domino quod fit coram Baronibus de Scaccario ad aliquem 3	ceituoi

Stat. i.

9L

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ccrtum diem cumrotulis Sc talliis per quos coinpo-tum reddiderit Sc in prefentia Baronum vel audito-rum quos aflignare voluerint recitetur compotus & fiat partibus juftitia ita quod fi fuerit in arreragiis committatur gaole de Flcteut fupradidlumeft. Et fi diffugerint 6: gratis compotum reddere noluerint ficut alibi in aliis fiatutis continetur diftringantur ad veniendum coram Juftic’ ad compotum fuum reddendum fi habeant per quod diftringi poflint. Et fi ad curiam venerint dentur auditores compoti coram quibus fi fuerint in arreragiis fi ftatim arre-ragia folvere non poflint committantur gaole cufto-diendi in forma predi-Sla. Et fi diffugerint & teftatum fuerit per vicecomitem quod non funt inventi exigantur de comitatu in comitatum quo-ufque utlagentur Sc fint hujufmodi incarcerati irreplegiabiles. Et caveat fibi vicecomes vel cuf-tos ejufdem gaole five fit in libertate five non quod per commune breve quod dicitur Reple-giar’ vel alio modo fine affenfu domini ipfum a prifona exire nonpermittat quod fi fecerit & fuper hoc convincatur refpondeat domino de dampno per hujufmodi fervientem fibi illato fecundum quod per patriam verificare poterit Sc habeat fuum recupe-rare per breve de Debito. Et ft cuftos gaole non habeat per quod jufticietur vel unde folvat refpondeat fuperior fuus qui cuftodiam hujufmodi gaole fibi commifit per idem breve.

4 made his Accompt; and in the Prefence of the Ba-4 rons, or the Auditors that they {hall afiign him, the 4 Accompt (hall be rehearfed, afid Juftice {hall be done 4 to the Parties, fo that if he be found in Arrearages,

4 he fhall be committed to the Fleet, as above is laid.

4 (3) And if he flee, and will not give Accompt wil-4 lingly, as is contained elfevvhere in other Statutes,

4 he {hall be diftrained to come before the Juftices to.

4 make his Account, if he have whereof to be diftrain-4 ed. (6) And when he cometh to the Court, Audi-4 tors {hall be afligned to take his Accompt, before 4 whom if he be found in Arrearages, and cannot pay 4 the Arrearages forthwith, he {hall be committed to 4 the Gaol to be kept in Manner aforefaid. (7) And AnExigenti.

4 if he flee, and it be returned to the Sheriff that he E^fttaa^tAc’

4 cannot be found, Exigents {hall go againft him from	59.

4 County to County, until he be outlawed, and fuch 4 Prifoner {hall not be replevifable. (8) And let the Efcape of an 4 Sheriff or Keeper of fuch Gaol take Heed, if it be Accomptanr.

4 within a Franchife, or without, that he do not fuffer 1	2‘	’2‘

4 him to go out of Prifon by the common Writ called \ j.

4 Replegiare, or by other Means, without Affent of Fitz. Dot. 1-2. 4 his Mailer ; (g) and if he do, and thereof be con- Fitz- Ifiu. 160. 4 vidl, he {hall be anfwerable to his Mafter of the Br°• fjet> '°3* 4 Damages done to him by fuch his Servant, according 2 Bu r‘32 u 4 as it may be found by the Country, and {hall have 4 his Recovery by Writ of Debt. (10) And if the 4 Keeper of the Gaol have not wherewith he may be 4 juftified, or not able to pay, his Superior that com-4 mitted the Cuftody of the Gaol unto him, {hall be 4 anfwerable by the lame Writ.’

CAP. XII.

The Appellant being acquitted, the Appellor and Abetters fliall be puniflied. There fliall be

no Effoin for the Appellor.

QUIA multi per malitiam volentes alios gra-vare procurant falfa appella fieri de homici-uio St aliis feloniis per appellatores nichil habentes unde domino Regi pro falfo appello nec appellatis de dampnis refpondere poffunt llatutum ell quod cum aliquis fic appellatus de felonia fibi impofita fe acquitaverit in curia Regis modo debito vel ad fec-tam appellatoris vel domini Regis Jullitiarii coram quibus auditum erit hujufmodi appellum Sc termi-natum puniant appellatorem per prifonam unius anni Sc nichilominus rellituant hujufmodi appellatores appellatis dampna fecundum diferetionem Jullitiariorum habito refpedlu ad prifonam vel ar-reftationem quam occafione hujufmodi appellorum fullinuerunt appellati St ad infamiamquam perim-prifonamentum vel alio modo incurrerunt Sc nichilominus verfus dominum Regem gravius redi-mantur. Et fi forte hujufmodi appellatores non habeant unde predidla dampna reftituere poflint inquiratur per quorum abbettum formatum fuerit hujufmodi appellum per malitiam fi appellatus hoc petat Sc fi inveniatur per illam inquifitionem quod aliquis fit abettator per malitiam per breve de Judi-cio ad fedlam appellati diftringatur ad veniendum coram Juilic’ Sc fi legitimo modo convidlus fuerit de hujufmodi abetto per malitiam puniatur per prifonam Sc ad reftitutionem dampnorum ficut fupe-rius didlum eft de appellatore. Nec jaceat dece-tero appellatori in appello de morte hominis effo-nium in quacumque curia appellum fuerit termi-n2ndum.

44 TT'Orafmuch as many, through Malice intending ThcPunilf ment 44 X* to grieve other, do procure falfe Appeals to of an Appellor 44 be made of Homicides and other Felonies by Appel- for 3 ^alre AP' 44 lors, having nothing to fatisfy the King for their ^c0	-

44 falfe Appeal, nor to the Parties appealed for their Hob. gsT 44 Damages;” (2) 4 it is ordained, That when any, Fitz. Damage,

4 being appealed of Felony furmifed upon him, doth 77-4 acquit himfelf in the King’s Court in due Manner, Fitz. Coron. 1*, 4 either at the Suit of the Appellor, or of our Lord the ‘3 *

4 King, the Juftices, before whom the Appeal fhall be 4 heard and determined, fhall punifh the Appellor by a 4 Year’s Imprifonntent, and the Appellors {hall never- See 1 Ed. 3, flat. 4 thelefs reftore to the Parties appealed their Damages, *; c- 7- wticb 4 according to the Difcretion of the Juftices, having a‘'ea\I"r‘‘'y <• 4 Refpect to the Imprifonment or Arreftment that the /rs”wllcompel ' 4 Party appealed hath fuftained by reafon of fuch Ap- Prifinen to'ap-4 peals, and to the Infamy that they have incurred by andi^Ed. 4 the Imprifonment or otherwife, and fhall nevetthe-3-010. 4 lets make a grievous Fine unto the King. (3) And Zffuck 4 if peradventure fuch Appellor be not able to recom- Ga"hr.“

4 penfe the Damages, it fhall be inquired by whofe Regift. 56.

4 Abetment or Malice the Appeal was commenced, if Insuil7 of A--4 the Party appealed defire it; (4) and if it be found tett®rs-4 by the fameinqueft, that any Man is Abettor through 4 Malice, at'the Suit of the Party appealed, he fhall 14 h. 7. 2. 7 4 be dillrained by a judicial Writ to come before the 26 H. 8. 3.

4 Juftices; (3) and'if he be lawfully convidl of fuch Dyer« 120> t3I* 4 malicious Abetment, he fhall be punifhed by lm- 1S’6-4 prifonment and Reftitution of Damages, as before is No EjvJinVor 4 faid of the Appellor. (6) And from henceforth in the AppeJlor.

4 Appeal of the Death of a Man there {hall no Effoin SeepoJieacb. 17., 4 lie for the Appellor, in whatsoever Court the Appeal 1 4 lhall hap to be determined.’	’e4"

Nz	CAP.	llnft’3Sj"

Stat. i.

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

CAP.. XIII.

The Order of the Indictments taken in the Sheriffs Turn.

A. D. 1285.

2 Inft. 3S7.

“ TTOrafmuch as Sheriffs, feigning many Times cer-“ J? tain Perfons to be indidted before them in their.

“ Turns of Felonies and other Trdpafl'es, do take “ Men that are not culpable nor lawfully indidted, and et imprifon them, and do exadt Money from them,

“ whereas they were not lawfully indicted by twelve “ Jurors ■” (z) ‘ it is ordained, That Sheriffs in their ‘ Turns,' and in other Places’ where they have Power ‘to enquire of Trefpaffors by the King’s Precept, or--T ’	-	‘by	Office,	fhall caufe their Inquefts of fuch Malefac-

‘ tors to be taken by lawful Men, and by Twelve at ‘ the leaft, which fhall put their Seals to fuch Inquifi-‘ tions; ( 3) and thofe that fhall be found culpable by ‘ fuch Inquefts, they fhall take and imprifon, as they ‘ have ufed aforetimes to do.. (4) And if they do im-* Add fuch. ‘ .prifon other than fuch as have been indidted by * In-‘ queft, the Parties imprifoned fhall have their Adtion.

‘ by a Writ of Imprifonment againfl: the Sheriffs, as ‘ they fhould have againft any other Perfon that fhould _	„	‘	imprifon them without Warrant. (5) And as it

Enforced yiT.A.-t been faid of Sheriffs, fo fhall it be obferved of li„d\ Ed.'^.’rT. ‘ every Bailiff of Franchife.’

•zvbicb direfls Indictments taken in the Sheriffs Turn to be delivered to JuJlices of the Peace of the fame County ; and farther 11 if, 7, c, 15,

0'

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond.

UIA vicecomites fingentes multotiens coram _ eis aliquos in turnis fuis indidtatos de furtis & aliis malefadtis capiunt homines non culpabiles. nec legitimo modo indidtatos & eos imprifonant & ab eis pecuniam extorquent cum legitimo modo per duodecim juratos non fuerunt indidtati flatutum. eft quod vicecomites in turnis fuis & alibi cum in-quirere habeant de malefadtoribus .per preceptum Regis vel ex officio fuo per legales homines ad minus duodecim faciant inquifitiones fuas de hujufmodi malefadtoribus qui inquifitionibus fuis figilla fua apponant Sc illos quos per hujufmodi inquifitiones invenerint culpabiles capiant & imprifonent fecundum quod alias fieri confuevit. Et fi alios imprifonaverint quam per hujufmodi inquifitiones invenerint indidtatos habeant hujufmodi imprifo-nati adtionem fuam per breve de Imprifonamento verfus vicecom’ ficut haberent verfus quameumque aliam perfonam que eos imprifonaret fine warran-. to. Et ficut didtum eft de vicecom’ obfervetur de4 quolibet ballivo libertatis.

C A P. XIV.

T3ie Procefs in an ACtion of Wafte. A. Writ to enquire of Wafte.

2	Intf, 3S9.

Fitz. Wafte, 129, 130, 131,

3	34» 135, 136, *37-

The Protefs In an Action of Wafte.

iRegift. 71, &c. 1 Brown!. 240. Dyer 203.

A Writ to en-qirre of Wafte. 3 Cro. 18.

3 Ed. 1. c. 11.

6 Ed. i. flat, 1. c. 5.

20 Ed. i. fiat. 2.

concerning

Wafte.

rHereas for Wafte done in the Inheritance of any.Perfon, by Guardians, Tenants in ! Dower, Tenants by the Courtefie of England, or ‘ otherwife for 'Perm of Life, or Years, a Writ of ; Prohibition of Wafte hath been ufed to be granted,

; by which Writs many were deceived, thinking that ; fuch as had done the Wafte fhould not need to an-: fwer but only for Wafte done after the Prohibition : to them diredted (2) ‘ our Lord the King, tore-move from henceforth this Error, hath ordained, That of all Manner of Wafte done to the Damage of any Perfon, there fhall from henceforth be no Writ of Prohibition awarded, but a Writ of Summons, fo that he of whom Complaint is fhall anfwer for Wafte done at any Time ; (3) and if he come not after the Summons, he fhall be attached, and after the Attachment he fhall be diftrained ; (4) and if he come not after the Diftrefs, the Sheriff fhall be commanded that in proper Perfon he fhall take with him twelve, £sV. and fhall go to the Place wafted, and fhall enquire of the Wafte done, and fhall return an Inqueft, and after the Inqueft returned, they fhall pafs unto Judgement, like as it is contained in the Statute of GlouceJlerC

CUM de vafto fadto in hereditate alicujus.per-cuffodes tenentes in dotem per Legem Anglic vel aliter ad terminum vitc confueverit fieri breve de Prohihitione vafti per quod breve multi fuerunt in errore credentes quod illi qui vaftum fecerunt non habuerunt neceffe refpondere nifi tantum de vafto fadto poft prohibitionem eis diredtam domi-nus Rex ut hujufmodi error decetero tollatur fta-tuit quod de vafto quocumque modo ad nocumen-tum alicujus fadto non fiat decetero breve de Pro-hibitione fet breve de Summonitione ita quod ille de quo queritur refpondeat de vafto fadto quocumque tempore Et fi poft fummonitionem non vene-rit attachietur & poft attachiamentum diftringatur Et poft diftridtionem fi non venerit mandetur vice-comiti quod in propria perfona affumptis fecum duodecim &c. accedat ad locum vaftatum & inqui-rat de vafto fadto & retornet inquifitionem & poft-quam retornata fuerit inquifitio procedattir ad judicium fecundum quod continetur in ftatuto prius edito apud Weftmonk

Rail. 697. And fee 11 H, 6. c. 5. where Wajie is maintainable againfl a Tenant who grants over bis EJlate and takes the Profit,

CAP. XV.

An Enfant eloined may fue by Prochein Amy.

Eflfant's Suit*

Dyer 104.

2 E<f. 3. 16,

40 Ed. 3. 16.

Bro. Gardein, 13,22,14,25,

&6, 27. Rcgift.79

‘ TN ever/ Cafe whereas fuch as be within Age may ‘ A fue, it is ordained, That if fuch within Age be ‘ eloined, fo that they cannot fue perfonally, their ‘ next Friends fhall be admitted to fue for them,’

» loft. 350. 3 Ed. i< c. 47.

IN omni eafu quo minores infra etatem implaci-tari poffunt conceffum eft quod fi hujufmodi minores elongati fint quo minus perfonaliter fequi poffint propinquiores amici admittantur ad fequen-dum pro eis.

.CAP.

A. D. 1285. Anno decimo tertio Edward 1 I.

Stat. 1.

93

CAP. XVI.

Priority of Feoffment giveth Title of Wardfhip.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

IN cafu quo alicui minori defcendatur hereditas ex parte patris qui tenuit de uno domino & ex parte matris que tenuit de alio domino dubitatio hucufque exiterit de inaritagio hujufmodi minoris ad quern de duobus dominis pertineat concordatum eft decetero quod ille dominus habeat maritagium de quo anteceflor fuus prius fuit feoffatus non ha-bito refpedu ad fexum nec ad quantitatem tenement fet folummodo ad antiquius feoffamentum per fervicium militare.

C A

“ TN 'Cafe where Inheritance defcendeth to one 44	3-f- *£•

“ X within Age of the Father’s Side, that held of one 1I*

“ Lord, and the Mother’s Side that held of another	J-?' .' 4‘.

“ Lord, there hath been hitherto Doubt, for the Mar-7	, ,e.	’

“ riage of fuch an Heir, to which of the two Lords it Fiiz. Prerog.

“ fhould belong;” (2) ‘ it is agreed. That the fame23>24-‘ Lord fhall from henceforth have the Marriage ofFltz'Gar“'2"

‘ whom the Child’s Anceftor was firft infeoffed, not 53*81; ‘ having Refpedt to the Sex, nor to the Quantity of 86) 115,134.

‘ the Land, but only to the more ancient Feoffment 139-‘.by Knights Service.’	2	391-

3	&	Obf. by Stat. I2-.

P. XVII..	ear. 2. C.24.

'In what Cafe Effoin De malo lefli doth lie; and where not.

IN itinere Juftitiariorum non admittatur decetero eflonium de malo lefii de tenemento in eodem comitatu nifi ille qui fe facit efToniari vera-citer fit infirmus quia fi excipiatur a petente quod tenens non eft infirmus nec in illo ftatu quo venire non potuit coram juftitiariis admittatur ejus calumpnia. Et fi hoc per inquifitionem convinci poterit vertatur illua eflonium in defaltam. Nec jaceat de cetero illud eflonium in brevi de Redo inter duos clamantes per unum defeenfum.

‘ 1 N the Circuit of the Juftices an Efloin De malq Fitz. Eflbin,

* 4 fhall not be from henceforth allowed for Lands 176; iS7j ‘ in the fame Shire, unlefs he that caufed himfelf to iS9j '9°>

‘ be efloined be fick indeed ; (2) for if the Demandant 19 g‘ \9f’ 19^

‘ except, that the Tenant is not fick, nor in fuch ’,f’. ,3&■ ‘ Plight but that he may come before the Juftices, his io. 3 Ed. 1.

‘ Exception fhall be admitted. (3) And if it can be c. 42, 43, &44; ‘ fo proved by Enqueft, the Efloin fhall be turned to a 6Ed- *•c* IO-‘ Default. (4) And from henceforth fuch Effoin fhall Regift. 8..

‘ not lie in a Writ of Right between two claiming by ‘ one Defcent.’'

See tz Ed. z.ftat. 2-	5	Ed.	3.	c.	6.	And	9	Ed.	3	.Jtat,	I, c, 3. for farther Regulations of Efoins,-.

CAP. XVIII.

He that recovereth Debt may fue Execution by Fieri facias or Elegit.

CUM debitum fuerit recuperatum vel in curia Regis recognitum vel dampna adjudicata fint decetero in eledtione illius qui fequitur pro hujufmodi debito aut dampnis fequi breve quod vice-comes fieri faciat de terris & catallis vel quod vice-cornes liberet ei omnia catalla debitoris exceptis bobus & affris caruce & medietatem terre fue quoufque debitum fuerit levatum per rationabile pretium vel extentam. Et fi ejiciatur de illo tenemento habeat recuperare per breve Nove difieifine & poftea per breve Reddifieifine fi neceffe fuerit.

WHEN Debt is recovered or knowledged in the King’s Court, or Damages awarded, it fhall be from henceforth in the Eleftion of him that fueth for fuch Debt or Damages, to have a Writ of Fieri facias unto the Sheriff for to'levy the Debt of the Lands and Goods; (2) or that the Sheriff fhall deliver to him all the Chattels of the Debtor (faving only his Oxen and Beafts of his Plough) and the one half of his Land, until the Debt be levied upon a reafonable Price or Extent. (3) And if he be put out of that Tenement, he fhall recover by a Writ of Novel dijfeifm, and after by a Writ of Redif-feijin, if need be.’ tainable by Tenant by Elegit. Raft. 72, 327. Rcgjft. 299. 2 Inft. 354, Cro. Car. 44.

Hob. 577 The Execution of a Debt recovered.

3 Bulftr. 320. Dyer 306, 373.

3 Co. 12.

4.Co.'65, 74.

5 Co. 87,88, 90. Fitz.Extent, 13, Fitz.Piocefs, 51. Fitz. Ei.ccut.

lit 37>4i,46> ‘ 66, 85, &c.

Co. Lit, 289. b. ‘Aflize main-2 Leon. 84, 88# •

CAP. XIX.

The Ordinary chargeable to pay Debts as Executors.

CUM poft mortem alicujus decedentis inteftati & obligati aliquibus in debito bona deveniant ad ordinarios difponenda obligetur decetero ordina-rius ad refpondendum de debitis quatenus bona defundfi fufficiunt eodem modo quo executores hujufmodi refpondere teuerentur fi teftamentum feci ffet.

By 31 Ed. 3. flat. I. c. n. theOrdimry fall lOmmit Adm'w’Jlratkn, 39 Car, 2, c. 3.	25.	and	I	Jac,	2,	c.	fj.

‘ \K7Kerens after the Death of a Pcrfon dying in-^V^ 232‘

‘ VV teftate, which is bounden to fome other for'5Co-.?3\.

‘ Debt, the Goods come to the Ordinary to be difpo- n ’’

‘ fed; (2) the Ordinary from henceforth fhall be Fitz) Execut,

‘ bound to anfwer the Debts as far forth as the Goods 77.

‘ ef the Dead will extend,. in fuch fort as the Execu-‘ tors of the fame Party fhould have been bounded, if ‘ he had made a Tcftament.’	2lnft.	397

And for the Duty of Ordinary and Admmjlrater, fee 43 El. c. 3. 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 10..

CAE*

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1285.

H

Slat.

6 Ed. x. fl»t. 1.

Fitz. Brief,

*49, 269.

6 H. 7. f. 7. Fjtz. Ceffavit,

2, 3> 4> 7> 17, si, 22, 30, 32. 33, 34. 35. 45, 46, 5°. 51. 54.

8 Co. 118.

Fitz. Ceffavit, 4i.

Co. Lit. 154.

6 Ed. 1. flat. 1. & 2.

Regift. 237.

21 Ed. 3. f. 29. Fitz. Wade, 25, 96.

2 Inft. 403. Co. Lit. 200. 32 //. 3. x- 23. 6 Ed. 1. c. 3,

CAP. XX.

The Tenant’s Anfwer in a'Writ of -Coftnagc, Aiel, and Befaiel.

' Hereas that Juftices in a Plea of Mortdauncef-tor, have ufed to admit the Anfwer of the “ Tenant, that the Plaintiff is not next Heir of the “ fame Anceftor, by whofe Death he demanded the “ Land, and is ready to enquire the fame by Affife;” 4 (2) it is agreed, That in Writs of Cofinage, Aiel, and c Befaiel, which be of the fame Nature, his Anfwer f fhall be admitted and enquired, and according to the ‘ fame Inquifition they fhall proceed to Judgement.’

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond.

CUM Juftitiarii in placito Mortis anteceftoris admittere confueverint refponfionem tenentis quod petens non eft propinquior heres antecefforis de cujus morte tenementum petitur & hoc paratus eft per aflifam inquirere concordatum eft quod in brevibus de Confanguinitate Avo & Proavo que funt ejufdem nature admittatur ilia refponfio & in-quiratur & fecundum illam inquifitionem ad judicium procedatur.

C A P. XXI.

A Ceffavit by the chief Lord againft his Freehold Tenant.

“ \ If/Hereas in a Statute made at Gloucefler, cap. 4. “ VV it is contained. That if any leafe his Land “ to another to pay the Value of the fourth Part of ‘‘ the Land, or more, the Leffor, or his Heir, after “ the Payment hath ceafed by two Years, fhall have “ an Adlion to demand the Land fo leafed in demean.” ‘ (2) In like manner it is agreed, that if any with-hold ‘ from his Lord his due and accuftomed Service by two ‘ Years, the Lord fhall have an Adfion to demand the ‘ Land in demean by fuch a Writ:’ ( 3) Praecipe A. quod jufte, &c. reddat B. talc tenementum quod A. de eotenuit per tale fervitium, & quod ad prredidtum B. reverti debet, eo quod predidlus A. in faciendo prae-didtum fervitium, per biennium ceffavit, ut dicitur.

‘ II. And not only in this Cafe, but alfo in the Cafe ‘ whereof Mention is made in the faid Statute of Glou-‘ cejler, Writs of Entry fhall be made for the Heir of ‘ the Demandant againft the Heir of the Tenant, and * againft them to whom fuch Land fhall be aliened.’

CUM in ftatuto edito apudGlouc’ contineatur quod ft quis dimiferit terramalieui ad reddendum valorem quarte partis tenementi vel majoris habeat ille qui dimifit vel ejus heres poftquam fue-rit a folutione ceffatum per biennium adtionem pe-tendi tenementum fic dimiffum in dominico. Eo-dem modo concordatum eft quod ft quis detineat domino fuo fervicium debitum vel confuetud’ per biennium habeat dominus adlionem petendi tene-inentum in dominico per tale breve: Precipe A. quod jujle &c. reddat B. tale tenementum quod C. de eo tenuit per tale fervicium id quod ad prediSium B.-reverti debet eo quod predidlus A. in faciendo fervicium prediftum per biennium ceffavit ut dicit.

Et non folum in ifto cafu fet in cafu de quo fit mentio in predifto ftatuto Glouc’ fiant brevia de Ingreffu heredi petenti fuper heredem tenentis & fuper eos quibus alienatum fuerit hujufmodi tenementum.

CAP. XXII.

Wafte maintainable by one Tenant in common againft another.

c TT 7Hereas two or more do hold Wood, Turf-land, e W or Fifhing, or other fuch Things in common, ‘ wherein none knoweth his feveral, and fome of them ‘ do Wafte againft the Minds of the other, an Adtion ‘ may lie by a Writ of Wafte; (z) and when it is e come unto Judgement, the Defendant fhall choofe ‘ either to take his Part in a Place certain, by the She-

*	riff, and by the View, Oath, and Aflignment of his ‘ Neighbours fworn and tried for the fame Intent, or

*	elfe he fhall grant to take nothing from henceforth in ‘ the fame Wood, Turf-land, and fuch other, but as ‘ his Partners will take. (3) And if he do choofe to

*	take his Part in a Place certain, the Part wafted fhall ‘ be afligned for his Part, as it was before he commit-

*	ted the Wafte. (4) And there is fuch a Writ in this

*	Cafe, that is to fay,’ Cum A. & B. tenent bofeum pro indivifo, B. fecit vaftum, &C.

CUM duo velplures teneant bofeum turbariam pifeariam vel alia hujufmodi in communi abf-que hoc quod aliquis feiat fuum feperale & aliquis' eorum faciat vaftum contra voluntatem alterius mo-' veatur adtio per breve de Vafto & habeat defendehs cum ad judicium venerit eledtionem capiendi partem fuam in certo loco per vicecomitem & vifum & facrainentum & affignationem vicinorum ad hoc eledtorum & juratorum vel quod concedat quod ni-chil capiet decetero in hujufmodi bofeo turbaria & aliis nifi fecundum quod participes fui capere vo-luerint. Et fi cligat capere partem fuam in certo loco aflignetur ei in fua parte locus vaftatus fecundum quod fuit antequam vaftum fecit. Br’eve in hoc cafu : Cum A. (A B. teneant bofeum pro indivifo B. fecit vaflum, idc.

Regjfl. 76,

See 20 Ea, i.Jlat. 2, concerning Wajic\ and 11 H. 6, c. 5. inhere IVaJie il maintainable agatnjl a Tenant whs grants ever his EJlatc, and takes the Profit.

CAP.

Stat. 1.'

95

CAP. XXIII.

Executors may have a Writ of Aecompt.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

HAbeant decetero executores breve de Compoto reddendo Sc eandem aftionem Sc proceffum per illud breve qualem habuit mortuus & haberet fi vixiffet.

EXecutors from henceforth fhall have a Writ of 2 Inft. 404.

Accompt, and the fame Adfion and Procefs in Fit*. Execu-the fame Writ as the Teftator might have had if he t0”> 97-had lived.’	c-	7.

•which gives Executors an Aft ion of Trefpofs for Wrong done to Tefator, And z.5 Ed, 3. flat. 5. c. 5. extends it to Executors of Executors,

CAP. XXIV.'

A Writ of Nufance of a Houle, &c. levied and aliened to another. A Quod permittat and Juris utrum for a Parfon of a Church. In like Cafes like Writs be grantable.

IN cafibus quibus conceditur breve in Cancella-ria de fadto alicujus decetero non recedant que-rentes a curia Regis fine remedio pro eo quod te-nementum transfertur de uno in alium & in regi-ftro de Cancellaria non eft inventum aliquod breve in illo cafu fpeciale ficuti de domo muro mercato conceditur breve fuper eum qui levavit. Et fi transferatur domus murus & hiis confimilia in ali-am perfonam breve denegatur fet decetero cum in uno cafu conceditur breve & in confimili cafu fi-mili remedio indigente ficut priusfit breve :

Quejhts ejl nobis A. quod B. injujle, &c. levavit do mum tnurum mercatum & alia que funt ad nocu-mentum.

Si hujufmodi levata transferantur in aliam perfonam decetero fiat breve fic :

Qucjlus ejl nobis A. quod B. & C. kvaverunt, fdc.

Eodem modo ficut perfona alicujus ecclefie recu-perare poteft communiam pafture per breve Nove aiffeifine eodem modo decetero recuperet fucceffor fuper dilTeifitorem vel ejus heredem per breve Quod permittat licet hujufmodi breve prius a Cancellaria non fuit conceffum. Eodem modo ficut conceditur breve utrum aliquod tenementum fit libera elemo-lina alicujus ecclefie vel laicum feodum talis decetero fiat breve utrum fit libera elemofina talis ecclefie vel alterius ecclefie in cafu quo libera elemofina unius ecclefie transfertur in poffeffionem alterius ' ecclefie. Et quotienfcumque decetero eve-nerit in Cancellaria quod in uno cafu reperitur breve & in confimili cafu cadente ftib eodem jure 6c fimili indigente remedio concordent clerici de Cancellaria in brevi faciendo vel atterminent que-rentes in proximo parliamento Sc feribant cafus in quibus concordare non poftunt Sc referant eos ad proximum parliamentum & de confenfu jurifperi-torum fiat breve ne contingat decetero quod curia diu deficiat querentibus in juftitia perquirenda.

'I

CAP

N Cafes whereas a Writ is granted out of the A Writ of Nu* Chancery for the Fa£t of another, the Plaintiffs f3nce< from henceforth fhall not depart from the King’s ^ j^4°A ‘ Court without Remedy, becaufe the Land is tranf-	'

4 ferred from one to another, (z) And in the Regif-4 ter of the Chancery there is no fpecial Writ found in 6R. 2. flat. rs 4 this Cafe, as of a Houfe, a Wall, a Market, but f- 3-‘ the Writ is granted againft him that levied the Nu- !Cf CA"~

4 fance. (3) And if the Houfe, Wall, or fuch likz f/ncecolledVi-4 be aliened to another, the Writ fhall not be denied ; contiek jhallbe 4 but from henceforth, where in one Cafe a Writ is purfued.

4 granted, in like Cafe, * when like Remedy falleth, the 9®?' 55*	.

‘ Writ fhall be made as hath been ufed before:	•fL

(4)	Queftus eft nobis A. quod D. injufte, See. le-vavitdomum, murum, mercatum, & alia quae funt ad uocumentum, Sec.

4 (;) And if fuch Things levied be aliened from one-4 to another, the Writ fhall be thus :’

Queftus eft nobis A. quod B. Sc C. levaverunt, See.

4 II. In like manner as a Parfon of a Church may Qyad permittat.-4 recover Common of Pafture by Writ of Novel dif'et- Raft.‘ 538-4 fin, likewife from henceforth his Succeffor fhall have Resi ’ 3‘*'

4 a Quod permittat againft the Diffeifor or his Heir,

4 though a like Writ were never granted out of the 4 Chancery before, (z) And in like manner as a Writ 4 is granted to try whether Land be the free Alms of 4 fuch a Church, or the Lay Fee of fuch a Man, even 4 forirom henceforth a Writ fhall be made to try whe-4 ther it be the free Alms of this Church, or of ano-4 ther Church, in Cafe where the free Alms of one-4 Church is transferred to the Poffefiicn of another 4 Church. (3) And whenfoever from henceforth it 4 fhall fortune in the Chancery, that in one Cafe a 4 Writ is found, and in like Cafe falling under like 4 Lav/, and requiring like Remedy, is found none, the 4 Clerks of the Chancery fhall agree in making the » Or adjnure 4 Writ; (4) or * the Plaintiffs may adjourn it until the Phintiffi.

4 the next Parliament, and let the Cafes be written in Raft. 419:

4 which they cannot agree, and let them refer them- Co^pJ,a‘3J9i 4 felves until the next Parliament, by Confent of Men HEd. 3. /. 17.

4 learned in the Law, a Writ fhall be made, left it 4 might happen after that the Court fhould long time Raft. 12.3.

4- fail to minifter Juftice unto Complainants.’	Fit?. Entry, 3,-

7,8, 10, 61, 64;.

VVTT	67> 68> ®9> 74-

AAV .	Go. Lit, 54. b..

Of what Things an Affile fhall lie.

Certificate of Affile. Attachment in an Affile.

OUia non eft aliquod breve in cancellaria per quod querentes habent tarn feftinum reme-unun .ficut. per breve Nove diffeifine dominus Rex

4 T?Orafmuch

4 X1 whereby 4 ■ as by a W

iving.

96, Stat. 1.

Anno decimo tertio Ed w ard 1 I. A. D. 1285.

Resi{l. 196, &c. ‘ King, willing that Juftice may be fpeedily miniftred,

% 1 uft. 40s.	‘	and that Delays in Pleas may be taken away or

S	?°‘ W ‘ abridged, granteth that a Writ of Novel dijjeijin fhall w-l*'a . '«	'	hold Place in more Cafes than.it hath done hereto-

j\j. ‘ fore; (3) and granteth, that for Eftovers of Wood,

■*. Profit to be taken in Woods by gathering of Nuts,

‘ Acorns, and other Fruits, for a Corody, for Delivery ‘ of Corn and other Victuals and Necefiaries to be re-‘ ceived yearly (in a Place certain) Toll, Tronage,

* Not u tit ‘ ‘ Paffage, Pontage, * Pavjnage, and fuch like, to be Original, ‘ taken in Places certain, keeping of Parks, Woods,

‘ Forefts, Chafes, Warrens, Gates, and other Baili-‘ wicks, and Offices in Fee, from henceforth an Affile Raft. s%, Src. ‘ of Novel Diffeiftn fhall lie. (4) And in all Cafes Co.pla. 60. t af0|-c rehearfccl, according-to the cuftomed Manner, Aiueioi om- e ^e Writ fhall be De llbero tenemento ; (5) and as bc-Rcait. 157.	‘	fore times it hath lien and holden Place in Common

f ip. Art. oi, -‘ of Pafture, fo fhall it from henceforth hold Place in 94,111,134,	*	Common of Turf-land, Fifliing, and fuch like Com-

167,110, 316, .4 nions, which any Man hath appendant to Freehold, fu°’ Air 305! ‘ or without Freehold by fpecial Deed, at the leaft for fitz”.Brief, ‘ Term of Life. (6) In.cafe alfo when any holding 790.	•	■	‘.for Term of Years, or inWard, alieneth the fame

Bio. Elegit, io. ‘ Fee, and by fuch Alienation the Freehold is tranf-Bro, Dtiieifin, t ferred to the feoffee, the Remedy Ihall be by a Writ Raft.167!	*	of Novel dijjeijin, and as well the Feoffor as the

Bcf foe for Years, ‘ Feoffee Hi all be had for DiiTeifors, fo that during the or Guardian ‘ Life of any of them the laid Writ fhall hold Place ; aliens in Fee. - ‘ (7) and if by the Death of the Parties Remedy hap-‘ pen to fail by that Writ, then Remedy fhall be ob-‘ tained by a Writ of Entry. (8) And albeit that ‘ above Mention is made of fome Cafes wherein a ‘ Writ of Novel dijjeifm held no Place before, let no ‘ Man think therefore'that this Writ liethnot now Afiifu where one ‘ where it hath lien before. (9) And though fome ther’s^Sevcrai*0" * have doubted whether a Remedy be had by this Writ 11H. 4.84?' ‘ in cafe where one feedeth in the Several of another,'

‘ let it be had for certain, that a good and a fure Re—

*	medy is given in that Cafe by the faid Writ. (10)

‘ And let them which be named Diffeifors beware from ‘ henceforth that they alledge not falfe Exceptions,

*	whereby the ’taking of the Affife may be deferred,

‘ faying, that another Time an Affife of the fame ‘ Land palled between the fame Parties, or faying,

*	and falfly, that a Writ of more high Nature hangeth

*	between the fame Parties for the- fame Land, and

*	upon thefe and like Matters do vouch Rolls or Re-

*	cords to Warranty, to the end that by the fame ‘ vouching they may . take away the Vefture, and re-‘ ceive the Rents and other Profits, to the great Damage

Hob. 95.	‘	of the Plaintiff. (11) And where before none other

The PenaltyJor c pain was limited againft him that falfly had alledged-fallmgot an r.*- < fuch untrue Exceptions, but only that after fuch falfe ceptioi^p ei c Surmifes difproved the Affife fhould pafs; (12) our as EH. 3. f. 4.	‘	Lord the King, to whom fuch falfe Exceptions be

30E.1 3. f. is. ‘ odious, hath ordained, That if any being named Dif-l-itz.Record, 31.« feifor do perfonally alleuge the Exception at the Day 35- ‘ to him given (if he fail of the Warranty that he hath keilw.Vji, 4 vouched) he mall he adjudged for a Dineifor without 132,	’	‘ taking of the A (life, and lhall reftore the Damages

‘ before inquired of, or to be inquired after, to the ‘ Double, and fhall neverthelefs have a Year’s Im-PhaJing of an ‘ prifonment for his Fallhood. (13) And if that Ex-Exct-puon by ‘ ception be alledged by a’ Bailiff, the taking of the ‘ Affife fhall not be delayed therefore, nor the Judge-‘ ment upon the Reftitution of the Lands and Da-In v-bat Cafe a c mages, (u) Yet neverthelefs, that if the M after of Afffc doth lie * ^uc^‘ a	t^iat	was abfent, come after before the

4

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. voluntatem habens ut celeris fiat juftitia St dila-tiones in placitis motis amputentur vel abbrevien-tur concedit quod breve Nove diffeiftne locum ha-bcat in pluribus cafibus quam prius habuit St con-cedit quod de eftoveriis bofei proficuo capiendo in bofeo de nucibus St glande St aliis frutftibus colli-gendis de corrodio liberatione hladi aut aliorum vidtualium aut neceffariorum in certo loco annua-tim recipiendorum tolneto tronagio paffagio ponta-gio St hiis fimilibus in certis locis capiendis cufto-diis pareorum bofeorum foreftarum chacearum warrenarum portarum St aliis ballivis St officiis in feodo jaceat decetero affifa Nove diffeifine. Et in omnibus fupradiftis modo confueto fiat breve de Libero tenemento St ficut prius jacuit St locum habuit in communia pafture ita decetero locum habeat in communia turbarie pifearie St aliis com-muniis hiis fimilibus quas quis habet pertinentes ad liberum tenementum vel etiarn fine tenemento' per fpeciale fadlum ad minus.ad terminum vite. In cafu etiam quando quis tenens tenementum ad terminum annorum vel in cuftodia illud alienat in feodum St per illam alienationem transfert liberum tenementum in feoftatum fiat remedium per breve Nove diffeifine St habeantur pro diffeifitoribus tarn illc qui feoffat quam feoffatus ita quod vivente al-tcro eorum locum liabeat predidtum breve Et fi per mortem Perfonarum ceffet remedium per pre-didlum breve fiat remedium per breve' de Ingreffu. Et quamvis fuperius fiat mentio de aliquibus cafibus de quibus locum non habuit prius breve Nove diffeifine non propter hoc credat aliquis illud breve non competere ubi prius competebat. Et licet du-bitaverint quidam utrum in cafu quo quis pafeit alterius feparale fieri poterit remedium per pre-didfum breve teneatur pro certo quod in cafu illo per predidtum breve bonum St certum eft remedium. Et caveant decetero qui nominati fint diffei-fitores quod non proponant falfas exceptiones per quas captio affife differatur dicendo quod affifa alias tranfivit inter eafdem partes de eodem tenemento vel dicendo St mentiendo quod breve de al-tiori natura pendet inter eafdem partes de eodem tenemento St fuper hiis St confimilibus vocent ro-tulos vel recordum ad warrantum ut per illam vo-cationem afportare poffint vefturam levare redditus St alia proficua ad magnum detrimentum queren-tis. Et quia licet prius aliam penam non habuit qui hujufmodi falfas exceptiones mendaciter pro-pofuit nifi tantum quod poft mendacium fuum convictum proceffum fuit ad captionem affife Do-minus Rex cui odiofe funt hujufmodi falfe exceptiones ftatuit quod fi quis diffeifitor nominatus per-fonaliter proponat illam exccptionem ad diem fibi datum fi defecerit de warranto quod vocavit habea-tur pro diffeifitore abfque recognitione affife St refti-tuat dampna prius inquifita vel poft inquirenda in duplo St nichilominus pro falfitate iua puniatur per prifonam unius anni. Et fi ilia cxceptio pro-ponatur per ballivum non propter hoc differatur captio affife St judicium fuper refti-tutionem tenement St dampnorum ita tamcn quod fi dominus illius ballivi qui abfens fuerit poftmodum veniat

coram

Stat.

97

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. coram Juftitiariis qui affifam ceperint & offerat ve-' rificare per recordum vel per rotulos quod affifa alias tranfivit de eodem tenemento inter eafdem partes vel quod querens alias fe.retraxerit de con-fimili brevi vel placit'um pendeat per breve de al-tiori riatura fiat ei' breve de Facierido venire fuper hoc recordum & cum illud habuerit ft videat Jufti-tiarius quod recordum ita ei miffum valeret ante judicium quod per illud excluderetur querens ab adtione fua ftatim faciat Juftitiarius fcire parti que prius recuperavit quod fit ad certum diem ad quern rehabeat defendens feifinam fuam & dampna fi que prius folvit per primum judicium fimul cum damp-nis que habuit poft primum judicium redditum que ei reftituantur in duplo ut fupradifitum eft & ni-chilominus puniatur ille.qui primo recuperavit per prifonam fecundum difcretionem Juftic’. Eodem modo fi defendens contra quern tranfivit affifa in fua abfentia oftendat cartas vel quietas claman-tias fuper quarum confect ion e non fuerunt jurato-res examinati nec examinari poterunt pro eo quod de eis non fiebat mentio in placitando & probabi-liter ignorare poterunt confe&iones hujufmodi fcriptorum Juftitiarii vifis fcriptis illis faciant-fcire parti que prius recuperavit quod fit ad certum diem & venire faciant jurat’ illius affife &; fi per veredidlum jurat’ vel forte per irrotulamentum fcripta ilia verificaverit puniatur ille qui affifam impetravit contra fadtum fuum-per penam fupra-diftam. Et non capiat decetero yicecomes bovem. a diffeifito fet a diffeifitore tantum & fi plures fint diffeifitores in uno brevi nominati nichilominus de uno bove fit contentus nec exigat bovem nifi de precio quinque folidorum & quatuor denar’ vel precium.

: fame Juftices that took the Affife, and offer to prove Fitz. AH'. 5.

! by ..Record or Rolls, -that another Time an Affife *?3»

: palled between the fame Parties of the fame Land, fltz' C“trlgcalt^*

: or that the Plaintiff at another Time did withdraw f. M. is. 18i,°* : his Suit, in a like Writ, .or that a Plea hangeth by a &c..

1 Writ of more high Nature, a Writ of Venire facias Raft- tio.

‘ flrall be granted unto him to caufe the fame Record ReS'ft- 2-°*

‘ to be brought; and when he hath the fame, and the ‘ Juftices do perceive, that the Record fo fhewed by ‘ him would nave been fo available before the Judge-6 ment, that the Plaintiff by Force of the fame fhould ‘ have been barred of his Adtion, the Juftices fhall ‘ prefently caufe the Party to be warned that firft re-6 covered, that he appear at a certain Day, at the 6 which the Defendant fhall have again his Seifin and £ Damages (if he before paid any by the firft Judge-£ ment given) * which fhall be reftored him to the £ Double, as before is faid ; (15) and alfo he that firft	,

£ recovered fhall be punifhed by Imprifonnient accord- m,^the4rj:jud[-c ing to the Difcretion of the Juftices. (16) In the mc„t ‘ fame Manner if the Defendant, againft whom the iMcb,

‘ Affife paffed in his Abfence, fhew any' Deeds or' Re- >7 £ leafes, upon the making whereof the Jury were not £ examined, nor could be examined, becaufe there £ was no Mention made of them in pleading, and by £ Probability might be ignorant of the making of thofe £ Writings; the Juftices upon the Sight of thofe Wri-£ tings fhall caufe the Party to be warned that recovered,

£ that he appear at a certain Day, and fhall caufe the ‘ Jurors of the fame Affife to come; (17) and if he i2H,4. f.9.

‘ fhall verifie thofe Writings to be true by the Verdidt 7H-4- f- 45-‘ of the Jurors, or by Inrollment, he that purchafed Fltz'411* ‘ the Affife contrary to his own Deed, fhall be punifhed ‘ by the Pain aforefaid. (1?) And the Sheriff from ‘ henceforth fhall not take an Ox of the Difeiffee, but ‘ of the Diffeifor only; and if there be many Diffeifors ‘ named in one Writ, yet fhall he be contented w'ith ‘ one Ox ; nor fhall receive any Ox but of v s. f Price.

‘ or the Value.’

Add together' with the Da-

See farther concerning Jljjij'es ^ Rich. 2. c. Jo. 4 Hen. 4. c, S. 6 Hen, 6. c, 2. xi Hen. 6. c. z,

C A P. XXVI. '

Who may bring a Writ of RedifTeiffn, and the Punifhment of the Offender therein.

f Add and fouy Pence.

Ar.d 21II. 8, c,

3.

IN brevibus de Reddiffeifma adjudicentur decetero dampna in duplo & fint reddiffeifitores decetero irreplegiabiles per commune breve'. Et- ficut in ftatuto de Merton provifum fuit illud breve de hiis .qui diffeifiti fuerunt poftquam recuperaverunt per affifas Nove diffeifine Mortis antecefforis aut per alias juratas ulterius habeat decetero illud breve locum illis qui recuperaverunt per pefaltam Reddi-tionem vel alio modo fine recognitione affifarum vel juratarum.

IN Writs of Rediffeifin front henceforth double Da- 2 ir.ff. fe.

J. mages fhall be awarded, and the Rediffeifors fhall 15 H. 7 not be repleviable"hereafter by the common Writ. Co- Lh. (2) And like as in the Statute of Merton the fame Writ was provided for fuch as were diffeifed after they had recovered by'Affife of Novel dijjeifm, of Mort- . dauncejlor, or other Jurates ; (3) even fo from henceforth the fame Writ fhall further hold Place for them that fhall recover by Default, Reddition, or other-wife, without'Recognition of AJIIfes or Jurates.’

f. S.

154.

20 H. 3. c, 52 H. 3. c. i Kaft, 548.

cap. xxvir.

Effoin after Inqueft, but none after Day given P

POftquam aliquis pofuerit fe in inquifitionem ad proximum diem allocetur ei eflonium fet ad alios dies fequentes per effonium non diff'eratur captio inquifitionis five prius habuit effonium five non nec admittatur effonium poft diem datum pre-ce partium in cafu quo partes venire confemnint fine effonio.

VOL. I,

'rece partium.

Fter any hath puthimfelf to an Inqueft, an Ef- 2 jn4. 4,7-

____ foin fhall be allowed him at the next Day; Fitz. Vimin,

(2) but all the other Days following, the taking of 15,81,83,130. the Inqueft fhall not be delayed by the Effoin, whe- ®>'er 2I4. 324* ther he were effoined before, or no; (3) neither fhall Er0, . S' any Effoin be allowed after Day given Precc partium, in cafe where the Parties confent to come without Raft. 207. Effoin,’

O	CAP.

Stat. i.

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I; A. D. 1285.

CAP. xxvm.

In certain Actions, after Appearance there fhall be no Eflbin.

^^Hereas by the Statute of Wefiminjhr the Firft,

FJtz. Efioin,	^	^	^

6^,66,68,69, “ W it was provided, That after theTenants have I V i*4?',*	“	once	appeared	in	the	Court,	no	Efioin	fhould	be	al-

Stat. Weftm. i. “ lowed them in Writs of Aflifes;” ‘ (2) In like 3 £4. 1. c. 42, ‘ Manner it fhall be from henceforth obferved againft 43, &44. e the Demandants.’

Raft. 316.

See farther concerning EJfoins, 13	1. f. 17.	12 Ed. 2,	fat,	2.	5 Ed,	3,	c.	6.

/» Tar?-. Lond.

CUM per ftatutum Glouc’ llatuatur quod poft-quam tenens femel comparuerit in_curia non allocetur ei efionium in brevibus affifarum eodem. modo decetero obfervetur de petentibus.

CAP. XXIX.

To whom only the Writ of Trefpafs of Oyer and ’Terminer fhall be granted.

Writ of Odio & Atia is granted.

In.what Cafe the

a Inft. 4.1S.

4 Inft. 182.

See Stat; z. Ed. 3. c. z- nvho pall be Juflices of -Afpfle and Gaol Delivery,

A Writ of Odio 4 &Atia.	t

Regift. 123.	4

Regifl. 133.	c

9 H. 3. flat. 1. s. 26,	3	Ed,	I,	c

Writ of Trefpafs (ad audiendpm & terminan-dum) from henceforth fhall not be granted before any Juftices, except Juftices of either Bench, and Juftices in Eyre, unlefs it be for an heinous Trefpafs, where it is neceflary to provide fpeedy Remedy, and our Lord the King of his fpecial Grace hath thought it good to be granted. (2) And from henceforth a Writ to hear and determine Appeals before Juftices afiigned fhall not be granted but in a fpecial Cafe, and for a Caufe certain, when the King com-mandeth. (3) But left: the Parties appealed or indited be kept long in Prifon, they fhall have a Writ of Odio & Atia, like as it is declared in Magna Charta and other Statutes.’

Reve de Tranfgrefiione ad audiendum & ter-I minandum decetero non concedatur coratn aliquibus Juftitiariis exceptis Juftitiariis de utroque banco & exceptis Juftitiariis itinerantibus nifi pro enornii tranfgrefiione ubi necefie eft feftinum ap-ponere remedium & Dominus Rex de fpeciali gratia hoc duxerit concedendum. Nec etiam concedatur decetero breve ad audiendum & terminan-dum appella coram Juftitiariis aflignatis nifi in ca-fu fpeciali & certa caufa cum Dominus Rex hoc preceperit. Sed ne hujufmodi appellati vel indiftati diu detineantur in prifona habeant breve de Odio & Atya ficut in Magna Carta & aliis ftatutis dictum eft.

11, 6 Ed. 1. fat,- j, c, 9. Andfee 2% Ed, 3, c, 9, which takes away the Writ de Odio & Atia,

CA P. XXX.

The Authority of Juflices of Nifi pruts. Adjournment of Suits. Certain Writs that be determinable in their proper Counties. A Jury may give their Verdidt at large. None but which were fummoned .fhall be put in Affiles or Juries.

Who fhall be ‘ Juftices of Nifi c prius.	*

2 Inft. 422. c 2 Bulft. 1C0. c 12 Co. 31 r 52. t Kel. 109. pi. 30. Alteredly 27 Ed. c j. fist. 1. c. 4.	€

12 Ed. 2. * flat, < 2. c. 4.	(

Regift. 186.

F. N. B. 240. b. 4 Who Jk alike Juf- < tires of Skffhze, c and their Dvty. t See, 2 Ed. 3. c. 2. , 4 Ed. 3. c.z.

20 Ed. 3. c, 3 <£? c 6. ‘ Adjournment cf c Afiifcs,	r

9 //. 3. fat, 1. e. 12.

Bro. Nifi prius, 31.	•

♦ Read fat, i,

FROM henceforth two Juftices fworn fhall be af-figned, before whom, and none other, Aflifesof Novel dijjeifm, Mcrtdaunsejier, and Attaints fhall be taken, and they fhall afiociate unto them' one or two of the difereeteft Knights of the Shire into which they fhall come; (2) and fhall take the forefaid Affi-fes and Attaints but thrice in the Year at the moft, that is to fay, firft between the ^'uinzime of Saint John Baptiji, and the Gitle of Angujt; and the fecond Time, between the Feaft of the Exaltation of the Holy Crofs, and the Utas of Saint Michael-, and the third Time, between the Feaft of the Epiphany, and the Feaft of the Purification of the blefled Mary. (3) And in every Shire at every taking of Aflifes before their Departure, they fhall appoint the Day of their Return, fo that every one of the Shire may know of their coming, and fhall adjourn the Aflifes from Term to Term, if the taking of them be deferred at any Day by vouching to Warranty, by Ef-foin, or by Default of Jurors. (4) And if they fee that it be profitable for any Caufe that Aflifes of Mort-daunefior, being refpited by Efioin or Voucher, ought to be adjourned into the Bench; it fhall be lawful for them to do it, and then they fhall fend the Record with the original Writ before the Juftices of the Bench; and when the Matter is come to the taking of the Aflife, the Juftices of the Bench fhall remit

A Sfignentur decetero duo Juftitiarii jurati co— J~\. ram quibus & non aliis capiantur aflife Nove difleifine Mortis antecefioris & Attinble & afiocient fibi unum vel duos de diferetioribus militibus co-mitatus in quern venerint & capiant afiifas pre-diblas & attinblas ad plus ter per annum videlicet femel inter quindenam fanfti Johannis Baptifte & gulam Augufti & iterum inter feftum Exaltationis-fanbfe Crucis & oblabas fanfti Michaelis & tertio. inter feftum Epiphanie &-feftum Purification's be— ate Marie. Et in quolibet comitatu ad quamlibet captionem affifarum antequam recedant ftatuantr diem de reditu fuo ita quod omnes de. comitatu. feire poffint eorum adventum & de termino in ter-minum adjornent affifas ft per vocationem warranti pereflbnium per defeftum recognitorum fi ad unum diem captio earum differatur. Et fi aliqua de caufa viderint quod utile fit quod aflife Mortis anteceflo-ris per effbnium vel vocationem warranti refpebfuate adjornentur in Banco liceat eis hoc facere & tunc mittatur Juftitiariis de Banco recordum cum brevi originali Et cum loquela perveniatur ad captionem affife remittatur loquela cum brevi originali per Ju-ftitiarios de Banco ad priores Juftitiarios coram quibus

A. D. 1285.

Anno dechno tertio Edwardi I.

Stat. r.

99

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lond. bus capiatur aflifa. Set decetero dent Juftitiarii de Banco in hujufmodi affifis ad minus quatuor dies per annum coram prefatis Juftitiariis affignatis ut parcatur laboribus & expenfis. Atterminentur inquifitiones capiende de tranfgreffionibus placitatis coram Juftitiariis de utroque Banco nifi ita enor-mis fit tranfgreffio quod magna indigeat examina-tione. Atterminentur etiam coram cis inquifitiones de a'liis placitis placitatis in utroque Banco in quibus facilis eft examinatio ut quando dedicitur ingreflus vel feilina alicujus vel in cafu cum de uno articulo fit inquirendum. Set inquifitiones de groffis pluribus articulis que magna indigent examinationc capiantur coram Juftitiariis de Bands nifi ambe partes petant quod inquifitio capiatur coram ali-quibus de focietate cum in partes illas venerint quod decetero non_fiat nifi per duos Juftitiarios vel unum cum aliquo milite de comitatu in quern partes confentiunt. Nec atterminentur hujufmodi inquifitiones coram aliquibus Juftitiariis de Banco nifi ftatuantur certus dies & locus in comitatu in prefentia partium & dies & locus inferantur in brevi de Judicio per hec verba: Rrecipimus tibi quod venire facias coram ‘Juftitiariis nqjiris apud IVeflm’ in Otiabis fanpti Michaclis niji talis & talis tali die & loco ad partes illas venerint xii. &c.

Seffions in principal'Towns. % R. 2. c. 2. that none Jhall be Jufice Power to appoint where Affixes Jhall be held. See farther concerning

Et cum hujufmodi inquifitiones capte fuerint retornentur in Baucis & ibi fiat judicium & irro-tulentur. Et ft omifla forma predi&a alique inquifitiones capiantur pro nullis habeantur excepto quod aflifa Ultime prefentationis & inquifitiones fu-per Quare impedit atterminentur in proprio comitatu coram uno Juftitiario de Banco & uno milite ad certos tamen diem & locum in Banco fta-tutos fivedefendens confentiat five non & ibi ftatim reddatur judicium. Habeant decetero omnes Juftitiarii de Bands, in itineribus clericos irrotulantes omnia placita coram eis placitata ficut antiquitus habere confueverunt. Item ordinatum eft quod Juftitiarii ad aflifas capiendas aflignati non com-pellant juratores dicere precife fi fit difleifina vel non dummodo voluerint dicere veritatem fa£ti & petere auxilium Juftitiariorum. Set fi fponte ve-lint dicere quod difleifina eft vel non admittatur eorum veredidum fub fuo periculo. Et decetero non ponaut Juftitiarii in affifis aut juratis aliquos juratores nifi eos qui ad hoc primo fuerunt fum-moniti.

‘ the Matter to the former Jufliccs before whom the 4 Affife {hall be taken. (;) But from henceforth the 4 Juftices of the Bench in fucli Aflifes fhall give four 4 Days at the leaft in the Year before the faid Juftices * affigned, for to fpare Expence and Labour. (6) fn-inquifitions ox 4 quifitions of Trefpafs fhall be determined before the j",'Ca" -4 Juftices of both Benches, except the Trefpafs be fo 1-5	''

4 hainous that it fhall require great Examination. (7)

4 Inquifitions alfo of other Pleas pleaded in either of 4 the Benches, fhall be determined before them, where-4 in fmail Examination is required, as when the En-4 try or Seifin of any is denied, or in cafe when one 4 Article is to be inquired. (8) But Inquifitions of 4 many and great Articles, the which require great 4 Examination, fhall be taken before the Juftices of the 4 Bench, except that both Parties defire that the' In-4 quifition may be taken afore fome of the. Aflociates 4 when they do come into thofe Parts; fo that from 4 henceforth it fhall not be done but by two Juftices,

4 or one with fome Knight of the Shire, upon whom 4 the Parties can agree. (9) And fuch Inquifitions The Wiit of 4 fhall not be determined by any Juftices of the Bench, Nifi prius.

4 unlefs a Day and a Place certain be appointed in the pe|}ltklnJ' 7*_

4 Shire, in Prefence of the Parties, and the Day and '*J0,

4 Place fhall be mentioned in a Writ judicial by thefe a Salk?454..

4 Words:’ Praecipimus tibi quod venire facias coram See6Rich. 2. Jufticiariis noftris apud Weftmonafterium in o£fabis/ai. 1. c. 5. or-fanfti Michaelis, nifi talis & talis tali die & loco ad ,hat partes illas venerint, duodeciin, &c.	jffiiliftU

in his 01011 Country ; end 11 Rich. z. c. II. providing that the Chancellor and Juftices Jhall have

Juftices cf AJJixe zo R. z. c. 3.	33	II.	8.c. 24.	1	Geo.	I.	f.45. And z\Geo. z. c. \z.

4 II. And when fuch Inquefts be taken, they fnall Affixes of Dar-be returned into the Bench, and there fhall Judge- rcln Prelent-ment be given, and there they fhall be inrolled. (2)

And if any Inquifitions be taken otherwife than after ended in their this Form, they fhall be of no Effect, except that proper Counties, an Affife of Darrein prefenttnent, and Inquifitions of 9	2-fiat. j.

Square impedit fhall be determined iii their own Shire ft 1J' before one Juftice of the Bench and one Knight, at • r a Day and Place certain in the Bench affigned, whether the Defendant confent, or not, and there the Judgement fhall be given immediately. ( 3) All Ju-Clerks of Affife. ftices of the Benches from henceforth fhall have in Dy«r >75; their Circuits Clerks to inroll all Pleas pleaded before them, like as they have ufed to have in Time paSTed. (4) And alfo it is ordained, That the ju-.A Jury may ftices affigned to take Affifes fhall not compel the ju- 3^ctheir Ver-rors to fay precifely whether it be Difleifin, or not, 1A" large; fo that they do fliew the Truth of the Deed, and re- pw.9g32’.333’ quire Aid of the Juftices. (;) But if they of their Dyer 173. own Head will fay, that it is Difleifin, their Verdict 9 Co. u. fhall be admitted at their own Peril. (6) And from None fhall be henceforth the Juftices fhall not put in Affifes or Ju- pvt in juries b:ut ries any other than thofe that were fummoned to the !.ucil as w“e fame at the firft.’	fummoned.

bee2 Ed. 3. c. lb.

Alfo 14 lid. 3, flat. 1. c. 16. by which Niff prius may be granted before a Jufliceof another Court than where the Suit dependeth, and Juflices cf Ajjixe may give Judgement upon AJfixc, Quare impedit, and Darrein preferment. And fee 14 H. 6. c, 3. 35 H. 8. <r. 6.	38 Elizs* c, 12.	32 Geo. I, c. 31. 24 Geo.2, c. 18. § 5.

containing farther Regulation* with rejpcSi toTrials by Nifi prius.

CAP. XXXI.

An Exception to a Plea fhall be fealed by the Juftices.

CUM aliquis implacitatus coram aliquibus Ju-_ ftitiariis proponat exceptionem Si petat quod Juftitiarii earn allocentquam fi allocare noluerint fi ille qui exceptionem proponet feribat illam excep-ticnem & petat quod Juftitiarii apponant figilla in

’HEN one that is impleaded before any of the 9 Co. re. Juftices doth alledge an Exception, praying Kdyng re, that the Juftices will allow it, which if they will not1	42(i-

allow, if he that alledged the Exception do write the fame Exception, and require that the Juftices will

O 2

put

Regift. iSi.

StaL i.	Anno	decimo	tertio	Edwardi I. A. D. 1285.

4 pu£ to their Seals for a Witnefs, the Juftices fhall fo. ‘ do; and if one will not, another of the Company 4 fhall. (2) And if the King, upon Complaint made 4 of the Juftices, caufe the Record to come before hipn, 4 and the fame Exception be not found in the Roll, 4 and the Plaintiff- {hew the Exception written, with 4 the Seal of a Juftice put to, the Juftice fhall be com-4 manded that he appear at a certain Day, either to 4 confefs or deny his Seal. (3) And if the Juftice can-4 not deny his Seal, they fhall proceed "to Judgement 4 according to the fame Exception, as it ought to be 4 allowed or difallowed.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. teftimonium Juftitiarii figilla fua apponant & ft unus apponere noluerit apponat alius de focietate. Et ft forte ad querimoniam de fatfto Juftitiariorum venire faciat Dominus Rex recordum coram eo & ft ilia 1 receptio non inveniatur in rotulo Sc querens oftendat exceptionem fcriptam cum ftgillo Juftitiarii. appenfo mandetur Juftitiario quod fit ad certum diem ad cognofcendum figillum fuum vel dedicen-dum. Et ft Juftitiarius figillum fuum dedicere non poffit procedatur ad judicium fecundum illam exceptionem prout admittenda diet vel caffanda.

CAP. XXXII.

Mortmain by Recovery of .Land by Default:

7 Ed. I. flat.2. “ ajnlt. 428. it

Fitz.Coll. I, 2, 4j S> 6, 7, 9> >°j 11,22,24,25, 26, 27. 31* 4°> 42, 46. jb H. 7. f. 3.

11 Ed. j. 3-c. 3.

flat.

HEN Religious Men and other Ecclefiaftical.

Perfons do ' implead any, and the Party impleaded maketh Default, whereby he ought to leefe 4 the Land, fqrafmuch as'the Juftices have thought 4 hitherto, that if the Party impleaded make Default 4 by Collufion, that where the Demandant, by Oc-4 cafion of the Statute, could not obtain Seifin of the 4 Land by Title of Gift, or other Alienation, he fhall 4 now by reafon of the Default, and fo the Statute is 4 defrauded;” 4 (?.) it is ordained by our Lord the King, and granted, That in this Cafe, after the Default made, it fhall be inquired by the Country, whether the Demandant had Right in the Thing demanded, or no. And if it be found that the Demandant had Right in his Demand, the Judgement {hall pafs with him, and he fhall recover Seifin; and if he hath no Right, the Land fhall accrue to, the next Lord of the Fee, if he demand it within a Year from the Time of the Inqueft taken; (3) and if he do not demand it within the Year, it fhall accrue to the next Lord above, if he do demand it within half a Year after the fame Year; (4) and fo every Lord after the next Lord fhall have the Space of half a Year to demand it fucceflively, until it come to the King, to whom at length, through Default of other Lords, the Lands fhall accrue. (5) And to challenge the Jurors of the Inqueft, every of the chief Lords of the Fees fhall be admitted, and likewife for the King, they that will fhall challenge;	(6)	and	after	the

Judgement given, the Land {nail remain clear in the - King’s Hairds, until it be dereigned by the Demand-4 ant, or fome other chief Lord, and the Sheriff fhall t 365 ”**' *' ‘ be charged to anfwer therefore at the Exchequer.’

Sec farther, iS Ed. i.fat, i. c. 3. 34. Ed. j. flat. 3. 18 Ed. 3. fat. 3. (• 3* 15 2. <

P. & M. c. 8. permuting them to fpiritual Corporation1.	39	Eliz. c. 5.	21	Jac.	I. c. 1.	13	&	14	Car. 2. c. iz. permitting them for the Benefit of the Poor,

7 & 3 IV. 3. c. 37, empowering the Crown to grant Licences to alien in Mortmain j and 9 Geo. 2. c. 36. refraining Gifts in Mortmain by WilL * This ferns to be a miflaken Reference.

Every chief Lord may challenge ihe Jurors,

CUM viri religiofi &,alie perfone ecclefiafticc implacitent aliquem & implacitatus fecerit defaltam ob quam tenementum amittere debeat quia Juftitiarii hucufque timuerunt quod fi implacitatus fecerit defaltam per collufionem ut cum pe-tens occafione ftatuti per titulum doni aut alterius alienationis feifinam de tenemento confequi non poffet per illam defaltam confequeretur Sc fieret frausftatuto ordinatum eft per Dominuru Regem Sc conceffum quod in hoc cafu poftquam defalta fadta fuerit inquiratur per patriam utrum petens habeat jus in fua petitione aut non. Et fi compertum fuerit quod petens jus habet in fua petitione procedatur ad judicium pro petente Sc recuperet feifinam fuam Et fijus non habuerit incurratur tenementum proximo domino feodi fi illud petat infra annum a tempore inquifitionis capteEt fi infra annum, non petat fuperiori domino incurratur ft petat infra di-midium annum poft ilium annum Et fic habeat quilibet dominus poft proximum dominum fpacium.' dimidii anni ad petendum fucceffive quoufqueper-veniatur ad Regem cui ad ultimum pro defeclu ali-orum dominorum tenementum incurratur. Et ad calumpniandum juratores inquifitionis admittantur-quicumque capitales domini feodorum Sc fimiliter pro Rege quicalumpniare voluerit Sc remaneat terra poftquam judicium clarum fuerit in manu Domini Regis quoufque tenementum perpetentem vel aliquem capitalem dominum difrationetur & onere-tur vicecomes ad refpondendum inde ad Scacca-rium»

5.	23	H.	8.	c.	10.	retraining	Mienationt	in	Mortmain.	I	&	a

2 Jnft, 417.

0 B,

CAP. XXXIII.

Lands where Crofies be fer, fhall be forfeited as Lands aliened in Mortmain,

44 Y?Orafmuch as many Tenants fet up Croffes, or 44 caufe to be fet up in their Lands, in Prejudice 44 of their Lords, that Tenants fhould defend them-44 felves againft the chief Lords of the Fee, by the 44 Privileges of Templars and Hofpitalers 4 (2/ it is 4 ordained, That fuch Lands fhall be forfeit to the chief 4 Lords, or to the King, in the fame Manner as is pro-4 vided for Lands aliened in Mortmain.’

QUIA multi tenentes erigunt cruces in tene-mentis fuis aut erigi permittunt in prejudi-cium dominorum luorum ut tenentes per privile-gium Templariorum Sc Hofpitelariorum tueri fe poffint contra capitales dominos feodorum ftatutum eft quod hujufmodi tenementa capitalibus dominis aut Rcgi incurrantur eodem modo quo ftatuitur alibi de tenementis alienatis ad mortuam manum.

a For receptio, read except'm,

4

C A Pj

Stat.

1.

IOI

CAP. XXXIV.

It is Felony to commit Rape. A married Woman elopeth with an Advonterer. The Penalty

for carrying a Nun from her Houfe.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

PUrveu eft que ft homme ravife femme efpoufe damoifelle ou autre femme deforemes par la ou ele ne fe eft affentue ne avaunt ne apres eit jugement de vie & de membre. E enfement par la ou home ravift femme dame efpoufe damoifelle ou autre femme a force tut feit ke ele fe affente apres eit tel jugement come avaunt eft dit fi il feit ateint a la fuite le Rei e la eit le Rei fa fuite,

De mulieribus abducfis cum bonis viri habeat Rex feciam de bonis fie afportatis. Et uxor fi fponte reliquerit virum fuum & rbierit Sc moretur cum adultero fuo amittat imperpetuum adlioncm petendi dotem fuam que ei competere poffet de tenemento viri ft fuper hoc convincatur nifi vir fuus fponte h abfque cohertione ecclefiaftica eamreconciliet Sc fecum cohabitare permittat in quo cafu reftituatur ei adtio. Qui monialem a domo fua abducat licet monialis confentiat puniatur per prifonam trium annorum & fatisfaciat domui a qua abdudta fuerit' competentcr & nichilominus xedimatur ad volun-tatem Regis.

IT is provided. That if a Man from henceforth do ravilh a Woman married. Maid, or other, where fhe did not confent, neither before nor after, he fhall have Judgement of Life and of Member. (2) And likewife where a Man ravifheth a Woman married. Lady, Damofel, or other, with Force, although Ihe confent after, he fhall have fuch Judgement as before is faid, if he be attainted at the King’s Suit, and there the King fhall have the Suit. (3) And of Women carried away with the Goods of their Hufbands, the King fhall have the Suit for the Goods fo taken away. (4) And if a Wife willingly leave her Huf-band, and go away, and continue with her Advou-terer, fhe fhall be barred for ever of Adlion to demand her Dower, that fhe ought to have of her Hufband’s Lands, if fhe be convitft thereupon, except that her Hufband willingly, and without Coer-tion of the Church, reconcile her, and fuffer her to dwell with him ; in which Cafe fhe fhall be reftored to her Adffon. (5 ) He that carrieth a Nun from her Houfe, although fhe confent, fhall be punifhed by three Years Imprifonment, and fhall make convenient Satisfaction to the Houfe from whence fhe was taken, and neverthelefs fhall make Fine at the King’s Will.’

See 6 R. 2. e. 6. for tie Penalty of the Man and Woman where the Woman confent!. And 1S Eliot, e. 7. which tale! away Clergy frerr. Offencer of the 4tb Se&t of the fame flat* ‘which makes it Felony ‘without Clergy to ha-oe carnal Knowledge of a Woman Child under the Age of ten Tear a Roll 247/ 9 Ed, 4. f, %6t Bro, Coron. 203. Dyer 256. Fitz, Dower, 41, 72, 94, 119, 153. Fitz. Adi. fur le flat. 2a, 37.

CAP. XXXV.

In what Cafes do lie a Writ of Ravifhment of Ward, Communi Cujlodia, Ejeffioxe, &c.

It is Felony to ravilh a Woman# 3 Ed. 1. c. 13.

If a Wife do elope with an Advouterer, Ihe fhall forfeit her Dower.

I Inft. 32,

Taking away of a Nun.

This Claufe is cb-foletc by the 31 irU 8. c. 13. for the DiJJblution of Mor.afl erics.

Rage. Likewife ■s.	Regift. 57*

lE pueris five mafeulis five femellis quorum - fi maritagiumad aliquem pertineatraptis h ab-duClis fi ille qui rapuit non habens jus in marita-gio licet poftmodum reftituat puerum non mari-tatum vel de maritagio fatisfecerit puniatur tamen

fro tranfgreffione per prifonam duorum annorum it fi non reftituerit vel heredem poft annos nubiles maritaverit Et de maritagio fatisfaeere non poterit abjuret regnum vel habeat perpetuam prifonam & fuper hoc habeat querens tale breve :

Si A. fcccrit ts fecurum de clant fuo pros’ tunc pone per vadium, S3c. quod Jit coram JuJlic’ Sfc. ojlenfu-rtis quare talem heredem infra etatem exiftentem cujus maritagium ad lpfum pertinct tali loco inventum rapuit S3 ahduxit contra voluntatem ipfius A. S3 contra paean nojlram S3e.

Et fi heres fit in eodem comitatu tunc addatur ifta claufula:

Et diligenter inquiras ubi ille heres fit in balliva tua S3 ipfum ubicumque fuerit inventus capias S3 falvo S3 feettre cujlodias ita quod eum habeas coram prefatis Jufitiariis ncjlris ad prefatum terminum ad reddendum cut prediSioritm A. vel B. redcli debeat.

Et fiat feCta verfus partem de qua queritur quo-ufque per diftriCtionem venerit fi habeat per quod poffit diftringi veF’per contumaciam fi non fit ju-ftitiabilis exigatur cc ultagetur. Si forte hujufmodi heres ducatur & transferatur in alium comitatum

c /"^Oncerning Children Males or Females (whofe The PoniiTiment c	Marriage	belongeth	to	another)	taken and car- of him thatta-

‘ ried away, if the Ravifher have no Right in the Mar- keth away a ‘ riage, though after he reftore the Child unmarried, Ward-‘ or elfe pay for the Marriage, he fhall neverthelefs be ‘ punifhed for his Offence by two Years Imprifonment; Fit". Garj.iS ‘ (2) and if he do not reftore, or do marry the Child 25, 29, 30, 3/,

‘ after the Years of Confent, and be not able to fatisfy 32.118,121.

‘ for the Marriage, he fhall abjure the Realm, or have Fl'z-c perpetuallmprifonment; (3) and thereupon the Plain-‘ tiff fhall have fuch a Writ V	‘	J&’	Aa-’

Si A. fecerit te fecurum de clamore fuo. Sic. tunc vifl-.ment, 33. pone per vadium, See. B. quod fit coram jufticiariis, c_o. Lit. 136. b, &c. oftenfurus, quare talem heredem infra fetatem ex- j'j Al?5" iftentem, cujus maritagium ad ipfum pertinet, tali * R°lt ^45-loco inventum rapuit & abduxit contra voluntatem ip- AWritof Ra-fius A. & contra pacem noftram, Sic.	viftmentof

‘ (4) And if the Heir be in the fame County, then War.d- ,

‘ this Claufe mult be thereto addedRco*'I**’

Et diligenter inquiras, ubi ille haeres fit in balliva litz^ Brief/l^v tua; & ipfum (ubicunque fuerit inventus) capias, & Raft. 390.’ falvo & fecure cuftodias, ita quod eum habeas coram 3 Bulft. 275, praefatis jufticiariis noftris ad praefatum terminum, ad 273> 25*■ reddendum cui praedidtorum A. vel B. reddi debeat.

‘ (5) And Suit fhall be made againft the Party on procefs againft c whom Complaint is made, until he come in by Dif- an Offender, c trefs, if he have whereby he may be diftrained; or ‘ elfe for his Contumacy, in cafe he be not juftifiable,1 ‘ he fhall be outlawed. (6) And if percafe the Heir j

“ be

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

A. D. 1285.

A Writ if the Heir be carried into another County. Djcr.239.

If the Heir die before the Suit ended.

.Fkz. Brief, 776.

24 Ed. 3. f. 48. II H, 4. f. 54.

Fitz. Executors, 52.

Fitz. Card. 110. $4 Ed. 3. f. 25.

If the Defendant die.

20 K. 3. c. 6.

3 Ed. 1. c. 22.

Refummons in communi cufto-dia.

52 H. 3 c. 7. Fitz. Proccs. 33.

Fitz. Gard. S5. Dyer 369. Xje£Hone cuftc-diie. Regift. 161, &c.

Obf. ly 12 Car, 2. c. 21.

‘ be married, or carried into another County, then a 4 Writ fhall he diredled to the Sheriff of the fame ‘ Shire in this Form

Queflus efl nobis A. quod B. nuper talem haeredem infra setatem & in cuflodia fua exiftentem tali loco in cornitatu tali rapuit. Si de comitatu tali ad talem locum in com’ tuo abduxit contra voluntatem ipfius A. & contra pacem nollram, &c. Et ideo tibi praecipimus, quod praediclum haeredem (ubicunque in balliva tua invenire poteris) capias, St falvo St fecure eum cuftodias, ita quod eum habeas coram juflitiariis noftris, &c. tali die, quern idem A. habet-verbis praedidtum B. ad reddendum cui de jure reddi debeat.

‘ (7) And if the Heir do die afore he can be found,

4 or before he can be reflorcd to the Plaintiff, the Plea 4 {hall pafs between them neverthelefs, until it be tried ‘ unto whom he ought to have been reftored if he had 4 been living. (8) Neither fhall the Raviflier of fuch 4 a one be excu’fed or eafed of the Punifhment afore-4 laid by the Death of the Heir, whom he did with-4 hold by Wrong during his Life. (9) And if the 4 Plaintiff die before the Plea determined, if the Right 4 belong to him by reafon of his proper Fee, the Plea 4 fhall be refummoned at the Suit of the Heir of the 4 Plaintiff, and the Plea fhall pafs in due Order. (10)

4 But if the Right belongeth to him by another Title,

4 as by a Title of Gift, Sale, or other fuch like, then 4 the Plea fhall be refummoned at the Suit of the Exe-4 cutors of the Plaintiff, and the Plea fhall pafs as be-4 fore is faid. (11) In the fame manner if the Defen-4 dant die before the Plea be tried, or the Heir be re-4 ftored, the Plea fhall pafs by Refummons between the 4 Plaintiff, his Heirs or Ex'ecutors, and the Executors of the Defendant or his Heirs, if the Executors be 4 not fufficient to fatisfy for the Value of the Marriage, 4 after as it is contained in other Statutes, but not as to -4 the Pain of Imprifonment; for none ought to be pu-4 ni.fhed for the Offence of another. (12) In the fame 4 manner when a Plea hangeth between Parties for the 4 Ward of Land, or of an Heir, or of both, by the 4 common Writ that beginneth Prtscipe tali, is?c. quod ‘ reddat, isc. Refummons fhall be_ made between the 4 Heirs and Executors of the Plaintiff; and likewife 4 the Heirs and the Executors of the Defendant, if 4 Death prevent any of the Parties before the Plea de-4 termined. (13) And when they have paffed to the 4 great Diflrcls, a Day fhall be given, within which 4 three County-Courts may be holden at the leafl, in 4 every of which open Proclamation fhall be made, 4 that the Deforcer fhall come into the Bench at the 4 Day contained in the Writ, to anfwer the Plaintiff; 4 (14) at which Day if he come not, and the Procla-4 mation be fo returned once, twice, or thrice, the 4 Judgement fhall pafs for the Plaintiff, faving the 4 Right of the Defendant, if after he will claim it. 4 (15) In the fame manner it {hall be done in a Writ 4 of Trefpafs, when any complaineth hintfelf to be 4 eje£ted from fuch Wardfhips.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

■tunc vicecomiti illius comitatus fiat breve in hac forma:

Jjh/efus ejl nobis A. quod. B. nuper talem heredem infra etatem is? in cujloaia fua exiftentem tali loco in comitatu tali rapuit is? de comitatu tali ad talem locum in comitatu tuo abduxit contra voluntatetn ipftus A. is? contra pacem nojlram Et ideo tibi precipimus quod prediStum heredem ubicumque in balliva tua invenire, poteris capias is? falvo is? fecure eum eujlodias ita quod eum habeas coram fujlitiarus nofris tali loco is? die qv.em diem idem A. habet verfus prediSlum B. ad reddendum cui de jure reddi debeat.

Et ft heres antequam inveniri potent vel ante-quam reflituatur querenti obierit nichilominus pro-cedat placitum inter eos quoufque terminetur cui reflitui deberet ft fuperfles fuiflet. Nec excufabi-tur ille aut alleviabitur ille qui injufte rapuit hujuf-modi heredem de pena fupradicta poll mortem he-redis cujus extitit male fidei poffeffor-dum vixit.-Et ft querens obierit ante placitum terminatum ft jus ei competebat ratione proprii feodi fui refum-moneatur loquela ad fedtam heredis querentis & procedat placitum debito ordine. Si vero per alium titulum competatei jus ficut titulo donationis ven-ditionis vel alio hujufmodi titulo tunc refummo-neatur loquela ad fedtam executorum querentis & procedat placitum ut predidtum efl. Eodem mo-do fi moriatur pars defendens antequam placitum terminetur vel heres reflituatur procedat placitum per refummonitionem inter querentem vel ejus heredem feu executores & executores defendentis vel ejus heredem fi executores non fufficiant quoad fa-tisfadlionem de valore maritagii fecundum quod in aliis flatutis continetur fet non quoad penam pri-fone qua quis pro alieno fadlo non efl puniendus. Eodem modo cum pendeat placitum inter partes de cuflodia terre & heredis vel utriufque per commune breve quod incipit Precipe tali quod reddat is?c. fiat refummonitio inter heredes &t executores querentis & fimiliter heredes aut executores defendentis fi mors alteram partem preveniat ante placitum terminatum. Et cum perveniatur ad magnam di-{tridtionem detur terminus infra quern tres comitatus teneantur ad minus in quorum quolibet comitatu fiat publica prodamatio quod deforciator veniat adbancum ad diem in brevi contentum re-fponfurus querenti ad quem diem fi non venerit & prodamatio fie femel fecundo & tertio teflificata fuerit procedatur ad judicium pro querente falvo jure defendentis fi poflmodum inde loqui voluerit. Eodem modo fiat in brevi de tranfgreffione cum quis queritur fe ejedtum fuifie de hujufmodi cufto-diis.

CAP. XXXVI.

A Diftrefs taken upon a Suit commenced by others.

The Penalty forT7 Orafmuch as Lords of Courts, and other that Procurement of u X1 keep Courts, and Stewards, intending to grieve 44 their Inferiors, where they have no lawful mean fo er. E.j. 5. f. 15. “ to procure other to move Matters againfl them, .jf' • c r-'’ 44 and to put in Surety and other Pledges, or to pur-

ET quia domini curiarum & alii qui curias tenant St fenefcalli volentes gtayare fubditos fuos cum non habeant legalem viam eos gravandi pro-eurant alios movere querelas verfus eos Sc dare vadium & offerre plegios vel impetrare brevia & ad

fedlas

Stat.

1.

103

Ex Eat. in Turn. Lond. fedtas hujufmodi querentium compellunt eos fequi comitatum hundredum & curiam quoufque finem fecerint cum ipfis pro voluntate fua ftatutum eft quod decctero hoc non fiat. Et fi quis per hujufmodi falfas querimonias fuerit attachiatus reple-giat diftrictionern fuam fic captam & poni faciat lo-quelam coram Juftitiariis coram quibus fi vicecomes vel alius ballivus vel dominus poftquam fic diftric-tus formaverit querimoniam fuam advocaverit ju-ftam diftriiftionem ratione hujufmodi querimonia-rum coram eis fadtarum & replicetur quod hujufmodi querimonie verfus eos movebantur malitiofe ad inftantiam feu procurationem vicecomitis aut aliorum ballivorum aut dominorum admittatur ilia replicatio Et fi fuper hoc convidii fuerint verfus do-minum regem redimantur & nichilominus hujuf-

modi fic gravatis dampna in triplo reftituant.

treble Damages to the Parties grieved.

ther 2 IV. If M. Sejf. 1. e. 5. §.5. giving double Damages fir nurcr.gful Diftrefs; and 11 Geo. z Trefyajfs on Account of any Irregularity .in the Difpoftion of them.

chafe Writs, and at the Suit of fuch Plaintiffs com- 9 //. 3. c. 10. pel them to follow the County, Hundred, Wapen- 51 H- i- 4-take, and other like Courts, until they have made P C'J,& Fine with them at their Will‘ (2) it is ordained, c's'l** that it fhall not be fo ufed hereafter. (3) And if any 2 inft. 443. be attached upon fuch falfe Complaints, he fhall replevy his Diftrefs fo taken, and fhall caufe the Matter to be brought afore the Juftices, before whom if-the Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Lord (after that the-Party diftrained hath framed his Plaint) will advow . the Diftrefs lawful by reafon of fuch Complaints made unto them, and it be replied that fuch Plaints were moved malicioufly againtt the Party by the So--licitation or Procurement of the Sheriff, or other.

Bailiffs, or Lords, the fame Replication fhall be ad- 13 Hen. 4. 2. mitted ; (4) and if they be convict hereupon, they c fhall make Fine to the King, and neverthelefs reftore 9	2 f- 9	■

‘	nomoreoo	tr.	f-v.o	parties grieved.’	j	o	2	i. c- m.

b	C.	12.	bee	far.

§.19. providing that DiJireJJes for Rent Jball not be deemed

, c. 19,

CAP. XXXVII.

No Diftrefs fhall be taken but by Bailiffs known and fworn.

OUIA etiam ballivi ad quos ex officio pertinet diftridtiones facere volentes fubditos fuos gra-vare ut ab eis pecuniam extorqueant mittunt igno-tos ad faciend’ diftridtiones ea intentione ut fubditos gravare poffint per hoc quod fic diftridti non habentes notitiain perfonarum non permittunt hujufmodi diftridtiones fuper eos fieri ftatutum eft quod nulla diftridiio fiat nifi per ballivos juratos & notos. Et diftringentes fi alio modo fecerint & de hoc convidti fuerint fi gravati breve de Tranfgreffi-one impetraverint reftituant gravatis dampna cc.’ver--fus Regem graviter puniantur. .

C A P.

FOrafmuch alfo as Bailiffs, to whofe Office it be~-s n '445" longeth to take Diftreffes, intending to grieve-their Inferiors, that they may exadt Money of them, do fend Strangers to take Diftreffes, to the Intent that they might grieve their Inferiors, by reafon that the Parties fo diftrained, not knowing fuch Perfons,-will not fuffer the diftreffes to be taken; ‘ (2) it is provided. That no Diftrefs fhall be taken, but by Bailiffs'fworn and known. (3) And if they which do diftrain do otherwife, and thereof be convidt (if.3Co,Iz. the Parties grieved will purchafe a Writ of Trefpafs) they fhall reftore Damages to the Parties grieved, and befides, fhall be grievoufly punifhed towards the King. ’See tbeRefcmets

0 to theforegoing

XXXVIII:	Chaft!r‘

How many fhall be returned in Juries and petit Aflifes, and of what Age they fhall be.

OUIA etiam vicecomites hundredarii & ballivi libertatum confueverunt gravare fubditos fuos ponendo in affifis & juratis homines languidos de-crepitos perpetua vel temporali infirmitate lan-guentes homines etiam tempore fummonitionis fue in patria non commorantes fummonendo etiam effrenatam multitudinem juratorum ita ut a qui-bufdafn eos in pace dimittendo pecuniam extorqueant & fic fiunt affife & jurate multotiens per pauperiores divitibus pro fuo dando dorui commo-rantibus ftatutum eft decctero quod non fummo-neantur in una aflifa plures quam viginti & quatuor Senes etiam videlicet ultra fexaginta & decern an-nos perpetuo languid! vel tempore fummonitionis infirmi vel in patria non commorantes non po-nantur in juratis vel minoribus affifis. Nec etiam ponantur in affifis aut juratis licet in proprio co-mitatu capi debeant aliqui qui minus habeant tene-mentum quam ad valentiam viginti folidorum per annum. Et fi hujufmodi affife & jurate extra comitatum capi debeant non ponatur in eis aliquis qui minus tenementum habeat quam ad valentiam quadraginta folidorum per annum hiis exceptis

See 21 Ed* It Jlat. I, De iis quiponendi funt in djjifas,

34 Ed. 3. c. 4^f 8. 42Ed. 3. c. II. i R. 3. c. 4,

“ TTOrafmuch alfo as Sheriffs, Hundreders, andBai-“ JP liffs of Liberties, have ufed to grieve thofe which “ be in Subjedtion unto them, putting in Affifes and’

“ Juries Men difeafed and decrepit, and having con-“ tinual or fudden Difeafe; (2) and Men alfo that “ dwelled not in the Country at the Time of the Sum-“ mons; (3) and fummon alfo an unreafonable Multi-“ tude of Jurors, for to extort Money from fome off “ them for letting them go in Peace, and fo the Af-“ fifes and Juries pals many Times by Poor Men, and “ the Rich Men abide at home by reafon of their “ Bribes:” (4) ‘ it is ordained. That from henceforth What fort of ‘ in one Affife no more fhall be fummoned than four f>erf“ns T11 tie ‘ and twenty; (5) and old Men, above I'hreefcora^””^!,"

‘ and ten Years, being continually fickj or being dif-’fife's; "arid of ‘ eafed at the Time of the Summons, or not dwelling-what Ago they . c in that Country, fhall not- be put in Juries of.petit ■J3!1 be- ' ,

‘ Affifes. (6) Nor any fhall be put-in Affifes. or Ju-1 ries, though they ought to be taken in their own 2s Ed? 1. i!at. 3; -‘ Shire, that * may difpend lefs- than -f Twenty Shil-'c. 9.

‘ lings yearly. (7) And if fuch Affifes and Juries be'ioH. 4. f. S.

‘ taken out of the Shire, none fhall pafs in them but‘*RolJ i63-‘ fuch as J may difpend Forty Shillings yearly at the coffiuTs 3}*'

See farther for the S^aalifcations of Jurors, 33 Ed. I .fiat. 4. 5 Ed. 3. c. 10. • 25 Ed. 3. fat. j. c. 3.' • llH.y.c.zi. 4/1.8. r. 3. j H.23/2.8. c.13.	35//.8.C.6.	27	Eh	c.	6.	5	IV.

M, c. 24. §. JJ. 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 32.	3&CfAnn, c. 18. z,Geo. z. c. 25. e^Geo. 2. c. 7.	6	2.	c.	37.	24Crt.i1f.18.	And	29	Geo.	2.	c.	19.

• Hold a ‘tenement of,, f Add the Value of, J .Read hold a Tenement of lefs than the Value of.

< leaft.

Anno decirno tertio

‘ lead, except fuch as be Witneffes in Deeds or other ‘ Writings, whofe Prefence is necefiary, fo that they "What Sort of ‘ be able to travel. (8) Neither fhall this Statute ex-Perfons flioll be < tend to great Aflifes, in which it behoveth many reitirnudin great < Times Knights to pafs not refident in the Country, K	£	for the Scarcity of Knights, fo that they have Land

‘ in the Shire. (9) And if the Sheriff, or his Under-‘ fhcriffs, or Bailiffs of Liberties, offend in any Point ‘ of this Statute, and thereupon be convidt, Damages ‘ (hall be awarded to the Parties grieved, and they S Ed. 5. f. 30. £ fhall neverthelefs be amerced to the King. (loJAnd ‘ Juftices affigned to take Aflifes, when they come ‘ into the Shire, fhall have Power to hear the Plaints £ of all Complainants as to the Articles contained in 4 this Statute, and to minifler Juftice in Form afore-‘ laid.’

EdwardiI. A.D. 1285.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. qui teftes funt in cartis vel aliis feriptis quorum prefentia neceffaria eft dum tamen potentes fint ad laborandum. Ncc debet iftud ftatutum extendi ad magnas aflifas in quibus aliquando oportet ap-ponere milites in patria non refidentes propter pau-citatem militum dum1 tamen in comitatu habeant tenementum. Et ft vicecomes vel fubballivi fui vel ballivi libertatis contra iftud ftatutum in aliquo articulo venerint & fuper hoc cor.vincantur refti-tuant dampna gravatis & nichilominus fint in mi-fericordia Domini Regis. Et habeant juftitiarii ad aflifas capiendas aflignati cum in comitatum venerint poteftatem audiendi querimonias fingulorum conquerentium quoad articulos in ifto ftatuto con-tentos & juftitiam in forma predicta exhibendi.

CAP. XXXIX.

The Manner to deliver Writs to the Sheriff to be executed. The Sheriff returneth a Liberty where none is. Returning of Iffues. Refiftence of Execution of Procefs.

How Writs /hall be delivered to Sheriffs to be executed. Enforced by = Ed. 3. c. 5. Re. iff. 86-2 Inft. 400.

1 Roll 440*

H Add Rcre• 4 Co.^.b,

3 Ed. 1. c. 17. V. N. E. f. 41>

The Sheriff' returneth a Liberty where none is.

* Not in the Origin*!*

Returning of Iffues.

“ TTOrafmuch as Juftices, to whofe Office it be- 1 “ I? longcth to minifter Juftice to all that fue before 1 “ them, are many Times difturbed in due Execution 1 “ of their Office, for that Sheriffs do not return Writs ££ original and judicial ; (2) and alfo for that they. “ make fali’e Returns unto the King’s Writs (3)

‘ our Lord the King hath provided and ordained, That £i fuch as do fear the Malice of Sheriffs, fhall deliver,

‘ their Writs original and judicial in the open County,

‘ or in the || County where the Colledtion of the ‘ King’s Money is; (4) and may take of .the Sheriff c or Underfheriff, being prefent, a Bill, wherein the ‘ Names of the Demandants and Tenants mentioned ‘ in the Writ fhall be contained ; (5) and at the Re-‘ queft of him that delivered the Writ, the Seal of the ‘ Sheriff or Underfheriff fhall be put to the Bill for a

*	Teftimony, and Mention fhall be made of the Day ‘ of the Deliverance of the Writ. (6) And if the She-‘ riff or Underfheriff will not put his Seal to the Bill,

*	the Witnefs of Knights and other credible Perfons ‘ being in Prefence fhall be taken, that put their Seals £ to fuch Bill. (7) And if the Sheriff will not return ‘ Writs delivered unto him, and Complaint thereof be ‘ made to the Juftices, a Writ judicial fhall go unto ‘ the Juftices affigned to take Aflifes, that they fhall ‘ inquire by fuch as were prefent at the Deliverance of ‘ the Writ to the Sheriff, if they knew of the Deliver-

*	ance, and an Inqueft fliall be returned. (8) And if ‘ it be found by the Inqueft, that the Writ was de-£ iivered to him, Damages fhall be awarded to the £ Plaintiff or Demandant; having refpedt to the Qua-£ lity and Quantity of the Adtion, and to the Peril that £ might have come to him by reafon of the Delay that £ be fuftained; (9) and by this Mean there fhall be £ Remedy when the Sheriff returneth that the Writ £ came too late, whereby he could not execute the £ King’s Commandment. (10) Oftentimes alfo Pleas £ be delayed by reafon that the Sheriff returneth that he £ hath commanded the Bailiffs of fome Liberty which £ did nothing therein, and nametli Liberties that never £ had the Return of Writs; whereupon our Lord the £ King hath ordained, That the Treafurer * and Ba-L rons of the Exchequer fhall deliver to the Juftices in £ a Roll all the Liberties iri all Shire* that have Return £ of Writs. (11) And if the Sheriff anfwer that he

OUia Juftitiarii ad quorum oificium fpedfat uni-cuique coram eis placitanti juftitiam exhibere riequentius impediuntur quo minus officium fuum debito modo exequi poffent per hoc quod vicecomites brevia originaiia & judicialia non returnant per hoc etiam quod ad brevia Regis falfum returnant refponfum providit Dominus Rex & ordina-vit quod illi qui timent maliciam vicecomitis libe-rent brevia fua originaiia & judicialia in pleno comitatu vel in retro comitatu ubi fit collectio dena-riorum Domini Regis & capiatur hilettum de vicecomite prefente vel fubvicecomite in quo biletto contineantur nomina petent’ & tenent’ que nomi-nantur in brevi & ad requifitionem illius qui breve liberabit apponatur figillum vicecomitis vel fubvice-comitis in teftimonium & fiat mentio de die li-berationis brevis. Et fi vicecomes vel fubviceco-mes hujufmodi billetto figilla fua apponere nolue-rint capiatur teftimonium militum & aliorum fide dignorum qui prefentes fuerint qui figilla fua hu-juimodi biletto apponant. Et fi vicecomes brevia fibi iiberata non returnaverit & fuper hoc Juftitiar’ querimonia perveniat mandetur per breve de Judi-cio Juftitiariis ad aflifas capiendas aflignatis quod inquirant per eos qui prefentes fuerint quando breve vicecomiti liberatum fuit fi feiverint de ilia liberatione & inquifitio returneturEt fi compertum fuerit per inquifitionem quod breve fuit ei liberatum adjudicentur petenti vel querenti dampna ha-bito refpedtu ad quantitatem & qualitatem adiionis & ad periculum quod ei evenire poffet per dilatio-nem quam patiebatur Et per iftam viam fiat remedium quando vicecomes refpohdet quod breve adeo-tarde venit quod preceptum Regis exequi non po-tuit. Multociens etiam capiunt placita dilationem per hoc quod vicecomites refpondent quod prece-perint ballivis alicujus libertatis qui nichil inde fecerunt h nominant iibertates que nunquam re-turnum brevium habuerunt propter quod ordinavit Dominus Rex quod Thcfaurarius de Scaccario li-beret in rotulo omnes Iibertates in quibufcumque comitatibus que habent returnum brevium. Et fi

vicecomes

Stat. r.

105

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. vicecomes refpondeat quod returnum fecit ballivis alterius libertatis quam alicujus contente in pre-diflo rotulo ftatim puniatur vicecomes tanquam exberedator Domini Regis Sc Corone fue. Et fi forte refpondeat quod returnavit ballivis alicujus libertatis que veraciter returnum habet mandetur vicecomiti quod non omittat propter Dredidtam li-bertatem quin exequatur preceptum Domini Regis Sc quod fcire faciat ballivis quibus fecit returnum quod fint ad diem in brevi contentum ad refpon-dendum quare de precepto Domini Regis execu-tionem non fecerunt. Et fi ad diem venerint Sc fe acquietent quod returnum brevis eis non fuit factum ftatim condempnetur vicecomes domino illius libertatis Sc fimiliter parti lefe per dilationem in reftitutionem dampnorum. Et fi ballivi ad diem non venerint vel venerint Sc fupradidbo modo fe non acquietaverint in quolibet brevi de Judicio quam diu durat placitum precipiatur vicecomiti quod non omittat propter libertatem, &c. Multo-tiens etiam falfum dant -refponfum quoad ilium articulum Qitod de exhibits, fsV. mandantes ali-quando Sc mentientes quod nulli funt exitus ali-quando quod parvi funt cum de majoribus refpon-dere poflunt aliquando non facientes mentionem de exitibus propter quod ordinatum eft Sc concor-datum quod fi querens petat auditum refponfionis vicecomitis concedatur ei Sc fi offerat verificare quod vicecomes de majoribus exitibus refpondere potuit fiat ei breve de Judicio ad Juftitiarios ad af-fifas capiendas affignatos quod inquirant in prefen-tia vicecomitis fi interefl'e voluerit de quibus & quantis exitibus vicecomes refpondere potuit a die receptionis brevis ufque ad diem in brevi contentum. Et cum inquifitio retornata fuerit fi de ple-no prius non refpondit oneretur de fuperplufagio per extra&as liberatas ad fcaccarium Sc nichilomi-nus graviter amercietur pro concelamento. Et fciat vicecomes quod redditus blada in grangia & omnia mobilia preter equitaturam indumenta & u-tenfilia domus continentur fub nomine Exiiuum. Precipit Dominus Rex quod vicecomites pro hu-jufmodi falfis refponfis femel Sc iterum fi fit necefle per Juftic’ caftigentur Et fi tertio deliquerint alius non apponat manum quam Dominus Rex. Mul-totiens etiam dant refponfum mandando quod non potuerunt profequi preceptum Regis propter re-fiftentiam poteftatis alicujus magnatis de quo ca-veant vicecomites decetero quia hujufmodi refpon-fio multum redundat in dedecus Domini Regis. Et quam cito ballivi fui teftificantur quod invene-runt hujufmodi refiftentiam ftatim omnibus omiffis afiumpto fecum poffe comitatus fui eat in propria perfona ad faciendam executionem Et fi inveniat fubballivos mendaces puniat eos per prifonam ita quod alii per eorum penam caftigentur Et fi inveniat eos veraces caftiget refiftentes per prifonam a qua non deliberentur fine fpeciali precepto Domini Regis. Et fi forte vicecomes cum venerit refiftentiam invenerit certificet curiam de nominibus refiftentium auxiliantium confentientium precipi-entium Sc fautorum & per breve de Judicio attachi-entur per corpora ad veniendum ad curiam Et fi de Vol. 1,

4 hath made Return to a Bailiff of another Liberty than ‘ is contained in the faid Roll, the Sheriff fhall be ‘ forthwith punifhed as a Dilheritor of our Lord the ‘ King and his Crown. (12) And if peradventure he Nonomittas 4 return that he hath delivered the Writ to a Bailiff of propter aliquam 4 fome Liberty that indeed hath Return, the Sheriff libertatem.

4 fhall be commanded, that he fhall not fpare for the 1‘Ed-4-,-4*

4 forefaid Liberty, but fhall execute the King’s Pre-4 cept; and that he f do the Bailiffs to wit, to whom t Mak:

4 he returned the Writ, that they be ready at a Day ,h‘

4 contained in the Writ, to anfwer why they did not ‘ execute the King’s Precept. (13) And if they come ‘ at the Day, and acquit themfelves, that no Return 4 was made to them, the Sheriff fhall be forthwith con-4 demned to the Lord of the fame Liberty, and like-‘ wife to the Party grieved by the Delay, for to render 4 Damages. (14) And if the Bailiffs come notin at 4 the Day, or do come, and do not acquit themfelves '

4 in Manner aforefaid ; in every judicial Writ, fo long 4 as the Plea hangeth, the Sheriff fhall be commanded 4 that he fhall not fpare for the Liberty, isfe. (15)

4 Many Times alfo Sheriffs make falfe Returns as The Sheriff'*

4 touching thefe Articles, Quod de exitibus, tfc. re- Defaults in re-4 turning fometime, and lying, that there be no Iffues, turning of Ifiues. 4 fometime that there are fmall Iffues, when they may 4 return great, and fometime do make mention . of no 4 Iffues; (16} wherefore it is ordained and agreed, 27 H. 8. f. 3.

4 That if the Plaintiff demand hearing of the Sheriff’s I°H- 7-f- ”•

4 Return, it fhall be granted him ; (17) and if he offer 4 to aver that the Sheriff might have returned greater 47’	S>

4 Iffues unto the King, he lhall have a Writ judicial 4 unto the Juftices affigned to take Aftifes, that they 4 fhall inquire in Prefence of the Sheriff (if he will be 4 there) of what and how great Iffues the Sheriff might 4 have made Return from the Day of the W’rit pur-4 chafed unto the Day contained in the Writ. (18)

4 And when the Inqueft is returned, if he have not What fhall he 4 afore anfwered for the Whole, he fhall be charged acc°untcd Iffues. 4 with the Overplus by the Extreats of the Juftices de-4 livered in the Exchequer, and neverthelefs fhall be 4 grievoufly amerced for the Concealment. (19) And 4 let the Sheriff know, that Rents, Corn in the Grange,

4 and all Moveables (except Horfe, Harnefs, and Houf-4 hold-ftuff) be contained within the Name of Iffues.

4 (20' And the King hath commanded, that Sheriffs 4 fhall be punifhed by the Juftices once or twice if ■

4 Need be) for fuch falfe Returns; (21) and if they 4 offend the third Time, none fhall have to do there-4 with but the King. (22) They make alfo many The Sheriff re-4 Times falfe Anfwers, returning that they could not wrneth that 4 execute the King’s Precept for the Refiftance of fome 'hei,e was R.1:.

4 great Man ; wherefore let the Sheriffs beware from 4 henceforth, for fuch Manner of Anfwers redound cefs.

4 much to the Difhonour of the King. (23) And af- Regift- S3.

4 foon as his Bailiffs do teftifie that they found fuch 4 Refiftance, forthwith all Things fet apart (taking .

4 with him the Power of the Shire) he fliall go in pro-4 per Perfon to do Execution; and if he find his Un-4 derbailiffs falfe, he fhall punifh them by Imprifon-4 ment, fo that other by their Example may be re-4 formed ; and if he do find them true, he fliall punifh 4 the Refifters by Imprifonment, from whence they 4 fliall not be delivered without the King’s fpecial 4 Commandment. (24) And if percale the Sheriff 4 when he cometh do find Refiftance, he fhall certific 4 to the Court the Names of the Refifters, Aiders, Con-4 fenters. Commanders, and Favourers, and by a Writ 4 judicial they fhall be attached by their Bodies to ap-4 pear at the King’s Court; (25) and if they be con-P	4	vict

£5" j8 E<3. i.

c. r6.

[t^3 77/< fti ms t. be a mifln\sn Reft encit.

fit?. Age, 47, 76, 126, i %3,a Fitz. Voucher, 1S0, 183, zzS}

l°S'

Raft. 139.

Ir.ft. 4.55.

2 J.eoii. 148v

Obf. by 31 H. 8. c. 13. for the Diflblution of Monafter'm and Abbeys,

32 Co. 72.

2 Rol-i 166.

Cont. form* collate Regift. 238,

Fitz. "Brief, 291. x’itz. Ccflavic,

- fj 'L *4. 44.

3t. 6 Ed,i. c, 4.. 31 Co. 63.

2 Jr.ft. 461,

The fcveral Fees of Marftiais, Charr,beri.iir*s, &c-~. wh'ch have the Oftue in bee.

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.	A.	D.	1285,

s vicl of fuch P.efiftance, they fhall be punifhed at the ‘ Kind’s Pleafure. Neither mall any Officer of the ‘ King’s meddle in affigning the Punifhment, for our ‘ Lord the King hath referved it fpecially to himfelf, 1 becaufc that Rcfifters have been reputed Difturbers of c his Peace, and of his Realm.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. hujufmodi refiftentia convincantur [puniantur] fe-cundum quod Domino Regi placuerit. Nee in-tromittat fe aliquis minifter Domini Regis de pena hujufmodi infligenda quia Dominus Rex hoc fpe-cialiter fibi refervat pro eo quod hujufmodi refi-flentes cenfentur pacis fue & regni perturbatores.

CAP. XL.

A Woman’s Suit fhall not be deferred by the Minority of the Heir.

Here any doth aliene the Right of his Wife, it is agreed, That from henceforth the Suit ‘ of the Woman, or her Heir, after the Death of her ‘ Hufband, fhall not be delayed by the Nonage of the ‘ Heir that ought ;o vva nan life, but let the Purchafer ‘ tarry, which ought not to have been ignorant that he 4 -bought the Right of another, until the Age of his s Warrantor, to have his Warranty.’

CU M quis alienat jus uxoris fue concordatum eft quod decetero fecta mulieris vel ejus here-dis non differatur poft obitum viri per minoremeta-tem heredis qui warrantizare debet fed expectet emptor qui ignorare non debuit quod jus alienum emit ufque ad etatem warranti fui de warrantia fua habenda.

CAP. XLI.

A Conlra formam Collationis ■, and a Cejfavit to recover Lands given in Alms.

‘ U R Lord the King hath ordained, That if Ab-‘ hots. Priors, Keepers of Hofpitals, and other 1 religious Houles founded by him or by his Progeni-‘ tors, do from henceforth aliene the Lands given to ‘ their Houfes by him or by his Progenitors ; the Land

*	fhall be taken into the King’s Hands, and holden at 4 his Will, and the Purchafer fhall lofe his Recovery ‘ as well of the Lands, as of the Money that he paid. 4 (z) And if the Houfe were founded by an'Earl, Ba-‘ ron, or other Perfons, for the Lands fo aliened, he 4 from whom, or from whofe Anceftor the Land fo ‘ aliened was given, fhall have a Writ to recover the 4 fame Land in Demefne, which is thus :’

TI. Praecipe tali abbati, quod jufte, &cc. reddat G. F. tale tenementum quod eidem domui collatum fuit in liberatn eleemofynam per prediftum G. vel anteceflores fuos, & quod ad predidtum G. reverti debet per alie-nationem quarn praedidtus abbas fecit de prsdidto te-nemento, contra formam collationis prasdictae, ut dicit.

.* III. In like Manner for Lands given fortheMain-‘ tenance of a Chantery, or of Light in a Church or 4 Chapel, or other Alms to be maintained, if the Land ‘ given be aliened. (2) Eut if the Land fo given for ‘ a Chantery, Light, Suftenance of poor People, or 4 other Alms to be maintained or done, be not aliened, ‘ but fuch Alms is withdrawn by the Space of two c Years, an Adtion fhall lie for the Donor or his Heir

*	to demand the Land fo given in demean, as it is or-‘ dained in the Statute of Glouccfter for Lands leafed to

*	do or to render the fourth Part of the Value of the ‘ Land, or more.’

STatuit Dominus Rex quod ft Abbates Priores Cuftodes Hofpitalium & aliarum domorum re-ligiofarum fundatarum ab ipfo vel a progenitoribus fuis alienaverint decetero tenementa domibus ipfis ab ipfo vel a progenitoribus fuis collata tenementa ilia in manum Domini Regis capiantur & ad vo-luntatem fuam teneantur & emptor amittat fuum recuperare tam de tenementis quam de pecunia quam pacavit. Si autem domus ilia a Comitibus Baronibus vel aliis fundata fuerit de tenementis ftc alienatis habeat ille a quo vel a cujus anteceflore tenementum ftc alienatum collatum fuerit breve ad recuperandum tenementum illud in dominico quod tale eft :

Precipe tali Abbati quod jujle, iffc. reddat B. tale tenementum quod eidem domui collatum fuit in liberam elemofynam per predifium B. vel antecejfores fuos iff quod ad prediftum B. reverti debet per alienationem quam predict us Abbas fecit de preditlo tenemento contra formam collationis prediSic ut dicit.

Eodem modo de tenemento dato pro Cantaria fuftentanda vel luminari in aliqua ecclefta vel Ca-pella vel aliis elemoftnis fuftentandis ft tenementum ftc datum alienatur. Et ft forte tenementum ftc datum pro Cantaria luminari potura pauperum vel aliis elemofinis fuftentandis vel faciendis non fuerit alienatum fed fubtradta fuerit hujufmodi elemoftna. per biennium competat aftio donatori vel ejus he-redi ad petendum tenementum ftc datum in dominico ftcut ftatutum eft in ftatuto Glouc’ de tenementis dimiffis ad faciendum vel ad reddendum quartam partem valoris tenement! vel majoris.

CAP. XLII.

The feveral Fees of Marfhals, Chamberlains, Porters of Juftices in Eyre, fsV.

*	/^Oncerning the Kijig’s Marfhals of Fee, Cham-‘ V> berlains. Porters in the Circuit of Juftices and

*	Serjeants bearing Vierge before Juftices z.tJVcftmin~ 1 fer, which have the fame Office, in Fee, and that ‘ afk more by Reafon of their Fee than they have ufed

*	to,afk, whereupon many do complain on them, that ‘ have known and feen. the.Order of the Court of

3

DE marefcallis Domini Regis de feodo Camerar’’ Cuftod’ Hoftiorum in Itinere Juftitiariorunv & fervientibusvirgam portantibus coram Juftitiariis apud Weftm’ qui oflicium illud habent de feodo 5c qui plus exigunt ratione feodi fui quam exigere con-lueverunt fecundum quod multi queruntur per eos qui ftaturn Curie.a multo tempore viderunt & fount

A. D. 1285. Anno declmo tertio Edwardi I.	Stat.	r.	'107

•Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. unt Dominus Rex inquiri fecit quein ftatum pre-dicti miniftri de feodo habere confueverunt tempo-ribus retroaddis & per inquiiitionem ftatuit & pre-cepit quod Marefcallus de feodo qui de novo exigit palefridum de Comitibus Raronibus Sc aliis per partem Baronie tenentibus quando homagium fe-ccrunt & nichilominus ad militiam corum alium palefridum & de quibufdam de quibus palefridum habere non debent palefridum de novo exigunt or-dinavit quod prediitus Marefcallus de quolibet Comite & Barone integram Baroniam tenente de unico palefrido fit contentus vel de precio quale antiquitus percipere confueverunt ita quod fi ad homagium quod fecit palefridum vel precium ceperit in forma predifta ad militiam fuam nichil capiat Et fi forte ad homagium nichil ceperit ad militiam capiat. De Abbatibus Sc Prioribus integram Baroniam tenentibus cum homagium aut fidelitatem fe-cerint pro Baroniis fuis capiat palefridum vel precium ut predidtum elf. Hoc idem de archiepifco-pis & epifeopis eft obfervandum. De hi is autem qui partem baronie tenent five fint religiofi five fc-culares capiant fecundumportionem partis Baronie quam tenent. De religioiis tenentibus in liberam eiemofynam & non per Baroniam vel partem Baronie nichil decetero exigat marefchallus. Et con-ceffit Dominus Rex quod per hoc ftatutum non precludatur marefcallus fuus de feodo in plus pe-tendo fi impofterum oftendere poterit quod jus ha-beat plus petendi. Camerarii Domini Regis ha-beant decetero de Archiepifcopis Epifeopis Abbatibus Prioribus & aliis perfonis ecclefiafticis Comitibus Baronibus integram Baroniam tenentibus rationabilem finem cum homagium aut fidelitatem pro Baroniis fuis fecerint Et ft per partem Baronie teneant capiat rationabilem finem fecundum porti-onem ipfos contingentem. Alii vero Abbates Sc Priores Sc alii religiofi Sc feculares non tenentes per baroniam vel partem baronie non diftringantur ad finem faciendum fecundum quod de tenentibus per baroniam vel partem baronie didtum eft fet fit camerarius de fuperiori indumento contentus vel de precio indumenti quod plus didfum eft pro re-ligiofis quam fecularibus quia honeftius eft quod religiofi finem faciant pro fuperiori indumento quam exuantur.

‘ long Time; (z) our Lord the King hath caufed to c be enquired by an Inqueft what the faid Officers of ‘ Fee have ufed to have in Times parted, and hath or-( dained and commanded, That a Marfhal of Fee,

‘ which of new afketh a Palfray of Earls, Barons,

‘ and other holding by a Part of a Barony when they ‘ have done Homage, and neverthelefs another Palfray ‘ when they are made Knights, and of fome that ‘ ought not to give any, afk a Palfray : (3) It is in . c like Manner ordained, x hat the faid Marfhal of evc-‘ ry Earl and Baron, holding by an entire Barony,

6	mail be contented with one Palfray, or with the Price ‘ of it, fuch as he hath ufed to have of old; (4) fo ‘ that if he took a Palfray, or the Price of one, at the ‘ doing of his Homage in Form aforefaid, he fhall c take nothing when he is made Knight; and if he ‘ took nothing at the doing of his Homage, when he ‘ is made Knight he fhall take. (5) Of Abbots and e Priors holding an whole Barony, when they do ho-‘ mage or Fealty for their Baronies, he fhall take one c Palfray, or the Price, as afore is faid. (6) And this c fhall alfo be obferved amongft Archbifhops and Bi-c fhops. Of fuch as hold but a Part of a Barony, c whether they be Religious or Secular, he fhall take ‘ according to the Portion of the Part of the Barony c that they hold. (7) Of religious Men that hold in Religious Men. c free Alms, and not by a Barony, nor Part of a Ba-‘ rony, the Marfhal from henceforth fhall demand no-c thing. (8) And our Lord the King hath granted,

‘ that by this Statute a Marfhal of Fee fnall not be { barred hereafter to demand more, if he can fhevv ‘ that he ha:h Right unto more. (9) The King’s The King’s

*	Chamberlains from henceforth fhall have of Arch- Chamberlains,

‘ bifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Priors, and other Perfons

‘ Spiritual, of Earls and Barons holding an entire Ba-

*	rony, a reafonable Fine when they do their Homage ‘ or Fealty ; (10) and if they hold by a Part of a Ba-‘ rony, they fhall take a reafonable Fine according to

*	the Portion to them belonging. (1 x) Other Abbots,

‘ Priors, and other Perfons Spiritual and Temporal, c that hold no entire Barony, nor Part of a Barony, c fhall not be -diftrained to make Fine, as it is faid by ‘ them that hold by a Barony, or Part of a Barony,

‘ but the Chamberlain fhall be contented with his up-‘ per Garment, or with the Price thereof; which is ‘ done in Favour of Perfons religious more than of Lay ‘ Perfons ; for it is more convenient that religious

‘ Men fhould fine for their upper Garment, than to obf. by 12 Car.

1 * be ftripped.’	2. c. 24. and 31

H. 8. c. 13.

CAP. XLIII.

Hofpitallers and Templars fhall draw no Man into Suit, fsV.

PRohibetur decetero Hofpitelar’ & Templar’ ne decetero trahant aliquem in placitum coram confervatoribus privilegiorum fuorum de aliqua re enjus cognitio ad forum Regium pertineat quod fi fecerint primo reftitutis dampnis parti gravate Sc verfus Regem graviter puniantur. rrohibet etiani Dominus Rex confervatoribus privilegiorum eorun-dem ne decetero ad inftantiam Templariorum Ho-fpitelariorum aut aliorum privilegiatorum conce-dant citationes quoufque feiverint fuper qua re fieri debeat citatio. Et fi viderint hujufmodi confer-vatores quod petatur citatio de aliqua re cujus cognitio ad forum fpeftat regium hujufmodi con-fervatoi.es nec citationem faciant nec cognofcant.

* "O'E it prohibited from henceforth to Hofpitallers . irirt. 4e4.

‘ 13 and Templars, that hereafter they bring no Man Reeift. 39.

‘ in Plea before the Keepers of their Privileges for any ‘rlx H‘fE'a,crs ‘ Matter, the Knowledge whereof, belongeth to the nYc. a': 0'An\ °f

\ Kiw’s Court 5 w^ic^ if they d?> th®y fl13.11

yield Damages to the Party grieved, and be gricvoully rear ms. ru ‘ punifhed unto the King.- (2) The King alfo pro- Lands andGceds ‘ hibiteth to the Keepers of fuch Privileges, that from °f tbefeKnigbts c henceforth- they grant no Citations at the Inftance of ™!reg‘”J‘n lc ‘ Hofpitallers, Templars, or other Perfons privileged,	32

‘ before it be exprelied upon what Matter the Citation The Templars e ought to be made. (3) And if the Keepers do fet were another Or. ‘ that a Citation is required upon any Matter, the ‘ Knowledge whereof belongeth to the King’s Court, fAther'afi'A P z	‘	the‘ iar I9’

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I. A. D. 1285.

p

and their Order ‘ the Keepers /hall neither make nor knowledge the was fupprcjjidky i Citation. (4) And if the Keepers do otherwife, they CU-ment the Fifth c (hall yield Damages to the Party grieved, and never-int t 1^1307. «. fjjgjgjg, {hall be grievoufly punilhed by the King.

‘ (5) And forafmuch as fuch Perfons privileged, de-

*	pute Keepers, Sub-Priors, Chantors, Sextons, which 1 be religious Men, and which have'nothing to fatisfy ‘ the Parties grieved, nor the King ; which be more ‘ bold to offend the King’s Dignity than their Superi-

*	ors, to whom Punifhment may be affigned by their *' Temporalties, (6) Let the Prelates of fuch Obedi-c ents therefore beware from henceforth, that they do ‘ not fuffer their Obedients to ufurp any Jurifdidtion ‘ in Prejudice of the King and his Crown; and if they ‘ do,, their Superiors {hall be charged for their Fa£b, as

Olf. ’Tbealwt * much as if they had been convidl upon their proper

Orders no longer c A6L’ fubflfting.

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Et fi aliter fecerint confervatores refpondeant parti lefe de dampnis Sc nichilominus verfus Regem gra-viter puniantur. Et quia hujufmodi privilegiati impetrant confervatores Subpriores Precentores Sa-criftas viros religiofos qui nichil habent unde lefis aut Domino Regi fatisfacere poffint qui audaciores funt ad ledendum dignitatem Domini Regis quam eorum fuperiores quibus per eorum temporaliapena poteft infligi. Caveant decetero prelati hujufmodi obedientiariorum ne permittant obedientiarios fuos affumere fibi jurifdidlionem in prejudicium Domini Regis & Corone fue quod fi fecerint pro fafto ip-forum refpondeant fuperiores fui ac fi de proprio fadto convidti effent.

XLIV.

The Fees of Porters bearing Verges before the Judices • and of Cirographers, Clerks, &c.'

The Fees of c A-''©ncerning Porters.bearing Verge before Juftices Porters carrying ‘ vv of the Bench in the Circuit; it is provided, Verges before c That of every Affife and Jury that they keep they the[uftices.	‘ {hall take * xcl. only, and for the Bills nothing. (2)

21>V‘ ‘ Cf fuch as recover their Demands by Default, Con-3 Ed. 1. c. 27	‘ feffion, or otherwife by Judgement without Affife and

S’30.	‘ Jury,., they {hall take nothing. (3) Of fuch as go

‘ without Day by Default of the Demandant or Plain-tiff, the^ {hall take nothing. (4) And if any reco-c ver his Demand againft many by one Writ, and by ‘ Recognizance of Affife or Jury, they (hall be con-4 tent with hud. (3) and likewife if many named in ‘ one Writ do recover by Recognizance of Affife or ‘ Jury, they {hall be content with ivd. (6) Of fuch 1 as do Homage in the Bench, they {hall be content

*	with their upper Garment. (7) Of great Affifes, ‘ Attaints, Juries, and Battle -waged, they fhall take 1 xii d. only. (8) Of fuch as be called before Juftices ‘ to fue or to defend their Pleas, they fhall take nothing t for their coming in or forth. (9) At the Pleas of the ‘ Crown, for every Dozen xii a. only {hall be taken.

■ ‘ (10) Of every Prifoner delivered iv d. fhall be taken. ‘ (11) Of every one whofe Peace is proclaimed xii d.

‘ only {hall be taken. (12) Of the Finders of Men Enforcedly 1H. t f]a;n5 an(] others of a Town attached, ivd. (13) Of tflias'renaiL ‘ Tythingmennothing fhall be taken. _ (14) OfCy-»a Cbimgrafbcrs rographers, for making a Cyrografe, it is ordained, •finding. ‘ that they fhall be contented with iv s. (15) Of Clerks Clerks writing « writing Writs original and judicial, it is ordained, original Writs. < That for one Writ they {hall take but id. (16) c A.nd the King chargeth all his Juftices, upon their ‘ Faith and Oath that they owe him, that if fuch Man-‘ ner of Officers offend in any Article againft this Sta-‘ tute, and Complaint come to them thereof, they {hall •c execute on them reafonable Pnnilhment; (17) and if ‘ they offend the fecond Time, they {hall award greater

*	Punifhment, that they may be duly corre£ted : (18)

‘ and if they offend the third Time, and be thereupon ‘ convidted, if they be Officers of the Fee, they ‘ {hall leefe their Fee ; and if they he other, they {hall ‘ void the King’s Court, and fhall not he received

St. v/. 1. c. jG, ‘ again, without the fpecial Grace and Licence of the 17, 29.	’	‘ King himfelf.’

DE cuftodibus hoftiorum in Itinere & virgam portantibus coram Juftitiariis de Banco ordi-natum eft quod de qualibet affifa & jurata quam cuftodiunt capiantquatuordenarios tantum deciro-graphis nichil. De hiis qui recuperent demandas fuas per defaltam redditionem vel alio modo per judicium fine affifa & jurata nich. de hiis qui rece— dunt fine die per defaltam petentis vel querentis nichil capiant. Et fi quis recuperaverit demandant-fuam verfus plures per unum breve & per recogni-tionem affife aut jurate de quatuordenariis fint contend. Et fimiliter in uno brevi nominati per re-cognitionem affife vel jurate de quatuor denariis fint content!. De hiis qui faciunt homagium in Banco de fuperiori panno fint contenti. De magnis affifis attindlis juratis & de duello percuffo xii. denarii tantum capiantur. De hiis qui vocati funt coram Juftitiariis ad fequendum vel defendendum placi-tum fuum nichil dent pro ingreffu vel egreffu. Ad placita Corone de qualibet duodena xii. denar’ tantum capiantur. De quolibet prifone deliherato quatuor denarii tantum capiantur. De quolibet cujus pax proclamata fuerit xii. denarii tantum capiantur. De inventoribus vicinis & aliis villatis attach’ quatuor hominibus & prepofito decennar’ nichil’ capialur. De cirographariis pro cirographo a faciendo ftatutum eft quod de quatuor folidis fint contenti. De clericis feribentibus brevia originalia & judicialia ftatutum eft quod pro brevi de denario . fint contenti. Et injungit Dominus Rex omnibus Juftitiariis fuis in fide &facramento quibus ei te-nentur quod fi hujufmodi miniftri contra predidtum ftatutum in aliquo venerint & querimonia .ad eos perveniat penam eis infligant rationabilem Et ft iterum deliquerint majorem penam eis infligant qua caftigari merito debeant Et ft tertio deliquerint Si fuper hoc convidti fuerint fi fint miniftri de feodo amittant feodum fuum fi alii fint amittant curiam, Regis nec redeant fine ipfius Regis fpeciali gratia, feu preeepto..

CAP,

Stat. u

109

CAP. XLV.

The Procefs of Execution of Things recorded within the Year, or after.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

OUIA de hiis que recordata funt coram Can-cellario Domini Regis & ejus Juftitiariis qui recordum habent & in rotulis eorum irrotulata non debet fieri proceffus placiti per fummonitionem at-tachiamentum eflonium vifus terre & alias folemp-nitates Cur’ ficut fieri confuevit de contraftibus & conventionibus faftis extra curiam obfervandum eft decetero quod ea que inveniuntur irrotulata co-rana hiis qui recordum habent vel in finibus con-tenta five fint contradlus five conventiones five obligationes five fervicia aut confuetudines recognitions vel alia quecumque irrotulata quibus Curia Regis fine juris & confuetudinis offenfa audtorita-tem poteft preftare talem decetero habeant vigorem quod non fit necefle dc hiis impofterum placitare. Set cum venerint conquerentes ad Curiam Domini Regis fi recens fit cognitio vel finis videlicet infra annum in brevi levatus ftatim habeant breve de executione illius recognitionis fadte. Et fi forte a majori tempore tranfadto fadta fuerit ilia recogni-tio vel finis levatus precipiatur vicecomiti quod fcire faciat parti de qua fit querimonia quod fit ad certum diem oftenfura fi quid fciat dicere quare hujufmodi irrotulata vel in fine contenta executio-nem habere non debeant. Et fi ad diem non ve-nerit vel forte venerit & nichil fciat dicere quare executio fieri non debeat precipiatur vicecomiti quod rem irrotulatam vel in fine contentam exequi faciat. Eodem modo mandetur ordinario in fuo calu obfervato nichilominus quod fupradiftum eft de medio qui per recognitionem aut judicium ob)ir gatus eft ad acquietandum..

BEcaufe that of fuch Things as be recorded before the Chancellor and the Juftices of the King that have Record, and be inrolled in their Rolls, Procefs of Plea ought not to be made by Summons, Attachments, Effoin, View of Land, and other Solemnities of the Court, as hath been ufed to be done of Bargains and Covenants made out of the Court from henceforth it is to be obferved, That thofe

ft

hings which are found inrolled before them that have Record, or contained in Fines, vvhether they be Contrails, Covenants, Obligations, Services, or Cuftoms knowledged, or other Things whatfoever inrolled, wherein the King’s Court, without Offence of the Law and Cuftom, may execute their Authority, from henceforth they fhall have fuch Vigour, that hereafter it fhall not need to plead for them. (5) But when the Plaintiff cometh to the King’s Court, if the Recognifance or Fine levied be frefh, that is to fay, levied within the Year, he fhall forthwith have a Writ of Execution of the fame Recognifance made. (4) And if the Recognifance were made, or the Fine levied of a further Time pafled, the Sheriff fhall be commanded, that he give Knowledge to the Party of whom it is complained, that he be afore the Juftices at a certain Day, to fhew if he have any Thing to fay why, fuch Matters inrolled or contained in the Fine ought not to have Execution. (5) And if he do not come at the Day* or peradventure do come, and can fay nothing why Execution ought not to be done, the Sheriff fhall be commanded to caufe the Thing inrolled or contained in the Fine to be executed. (6) In like Manner, an Ordinary fhall be commanded in his Cafe, obferving nevertheiefs. as before is faid of a Mean, which by, Recognifance or Judgement is bound to acquit.’.

Fleta 2. c. p. 76. fc£t. 9.

Co. Lit. 131. 2*.

2 Inft. 469.

Bro. Debt, io.‘ Bro. Pari. 29/ Fitz. Scire fac’, 1, 2, 1, 8, 12, See. Fitz. Exe-cut. is, 35, 57, 9^, IOO.

Cro. El. 164. There fhall be rro Delays in thofe Things that be-recordej;.

Execution of-Things recorded.

A S:ife facias-after the Sfear*.

Ordinary,

A Mean*

J3Ed. i.flat. z,. c.f.

CAP. XLVI.

Lords may approve againft their Neighbours. Ufurpation of. Commons during the Eftate cf

particular Tenants.

CUM in ftatuto edito apud Merton conceffum fuerit quod domini bofeorum vaftorum & pa-fturarum appruare fe poffent de bofeis vaftis & pa-fturis illis non obftante contradidlione tenendum fuorum dummodo tenentes ipfi haberent fufficien-tem pafturam ad tenementa fua cum libero ingreffu, & egreffu ad eandem & pro eo quod nulla fiebat mentio inter vicinum & vicinum multi domini bofeorum vaftorum & pafturarum hucufque impediti extiterunt per contradidlionem vicinorum fufficien-tem pafturam habendum Et quia forinfeci tenentes non habent majus jus communicandi in bolco vafto aut paftura alicujus domini quam proprii tenentes ipfius domini ftatutum eft decetero quod ftatutum apud Merton provifum inter doininum & tenentes fuos locum habeat decetero inter dominos bofeorum vaftorum & pafturarum & vicinos Ita. quod domini hujufmodi vaftorum bofeorum & pafturarum falva fufficienti paftura hominibus fuis & vicinis appruare fe poffint de refiduo. Et hoc ob-fervetur de hiis qui clamant pafturam tanquam per-tinentem ad tenementa fua. Sed fi quis clamat. 4

44 ^X/Hereas in a Statute made at Merton it was i R6ll 365,

44 VV granted that Lords of Waftes, Woods, and 2	473-

44 Paftures, might approve the faid Waftes, Woods,

44 and Paftures, nctwithftanding the Contradiction of	7**'

44 their Tenants, fo that the Tenants had fufficient j3-k. 7.'f. 13,.

Pafture to their Tenements with free EgreTs- and Dyer47, 316,

4C Regrefs to the fame : (z) And fbrafmuch as no Men- 339-

44 tion was made between Neighbours and Neighbours, <~r°' Cgr' '

44 many Lords of Waftes, Woods, and Paftures, have " ’ ^" '

“ been hindered heretofore by the-Contradiction of “ Neighbours having fufficient Pafture: (3) And be-D&rJs may ap--4C caufe foreign Tenants have no more Right to Com- pf°.ve 44 mon in the-Waftes, Woods, or Paftures of'any L“r ‘ fJ “ Lord than the Lord’s own Tenants (4) ‘ it is or- tham’fufEcicnt ‘ dained. That the Statute of Merton, provided be-Coma un.

4 tween the Lord and his Tenants, from henceforth 'Enforced by 4 fhall'hold Place between Lords of -Waftes, Woods, 3&-}Ed-6.c-3i-4 and Paftures, and their Neighbours, faving fufficient 4 Pafture to their Tenants and Neighbours, fo that-the ‘ Lords of fuch Waftes, Woods, and 'Paftures, may 4 make Approvement of the Refiduo. (<;) And this-4 fhall be obferved for fuch as claim Pafture as appur-

4 tenankt

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

tenant to their Tenements. (6) But if any do claim Common by fpecial Feoffment or Grant .for a certain Number of Bealls, or otherwife which he ought to have of common Right, whereas Covenant barreth the Law, he {hall have fuch Recovery as he ought to have had by Form of the Grant made unto him. (7) By occafion of a Windmill, Sheepcote, Deyry, enlarging of a Court ncceffary, or Courtelage, from henceforth no Man lhall be grieved by Affife of Novel diffeifm for Common of Pafture. (8) And where fometime it chanceth, that one having Right to approve, doth then levy a Dyke or an Hedge, and iome by Night, or at another Seafon, when they fuppole not to be efpied, do overthrow the Hedge or Dyke, and it cannot be known by Verdift of the Affife or Jury, who did overthrow the Hedge or Dyke, and Men of the Towns near will not indidt fuch as be guilty of the Faft, (9) the Towns near adjoyning (hall be diftrained to levy the Hedge or Dyke at their own Coft, and to yield Damages. (10) And where one, having no Right to Common, ufurpeth Common what Time an Heir is within Age, or a Woman is covert, or whilft the Pafture is Common during ‘ in the Hands of Tenants in Dower, by the Courtefy, the Eftateof c or otherwife for Term of Life, or Years, or in Fee-naiit£Ular Te" 1 tail, anc* have lonS Time ufed the Palltire, many ‘ hold Opinion, that fuch Paftures ought to be faid to belong to the Freehold, and that the Poffeffor ought to have Adtion by a Writ of Novel dijfeifm, if he be deforced of fuch Pafture ; (11) but from henceforth this muft be holden, that fuch as have entered within the Time that an Affife of Mtfridaunceftor hath lien, if they had no Common before, {hall have no Recovery by a Writ of Novel dijfeifm, if they be deforced.’

7 H. 4. f. 33. Skinner 95.

For what Caufe one may approve.

A Ditch or Hedge ofGround approved caft down.

By 6 Geo. 1.

C. 16. feft. T. the Remedy of the Aft is expended to the Deftroyers of Trees, Sec. by Night or Day, &c.

Ufurpation of

3 Lutw. 141,

*56.

Sec

fiat

I Geo. 1 *

, 2, c. 48. far the Prcferva non of‘Timber,

A. D. 1285.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. communam per fpeciale feoffamentum vel concef-fionem ad certum numerum averiorum vel alio modo quam de jure communi habere deberet cum conventio legi deroget habeat fuum recuperare quale habere deberet per formam concefficnis fibi fadte Occafiohe rr.olendini ventritii bercar’ vaccar’ augmentationis cur’ neceft’ar’ aut curtilag’ decetero non gravetur quis per affifatn Move diffeifine de communa pafture. Et cum contingat aliquando quod aliquis jus habens appruare fe foffatum aut fepem levaverit & aliqui noffanter vel alio tali tempore quo non credant factum fuum feiri fofta-tum vel fepem proftraverint nec feiri poterit per ve-rediiftum affife aut jurate qui foffatum aut fepem proffraverint nec velint homines de villatis vicinis indidfare de hujufmodi fatfto culpabiles diftringan-tur propinque villate circumadjacentes levare foffatum aut fepem ad cuftum proprium & dampna reftituere. Et cum aliquis jus non habens commu-nicandi ufurpet communam tempore quo heredes extiterint infra etatem vel uxores fub poteftate vi-rorum fuorum exiftentes vel paftura fit in manu tenendum in dotem per legem Anglie vel aliter ad terminum vite vel annorurn vel per feodum tallia-tum paftura ilia diu ufi fuerint multi funt in opinione quod hujufmodi pafture debent dici per-tinere ad liberum tenementum & quod hujufmodi poffeft'ori competere debet aftio per breve Nove diffeifine fi. hujufmodi paftura deforcietur fed decetero tenendum eft quod habentes hujufmodi in-greffum a tempore quo currit breve mortis ante-ceflores fi antea communam non habuerunt non habeant recuperare per breve nove diffeifine fi fuerint deforciati.

Lords and Tenants*

Explained and amended by 6 Geo. x. c, 16. above mentioned.	By 29 Geo, 2. c, 36, Commons may be enclofed,	for planting Timber, with Confent of

CAP. XLVI1.

A Penalty for taking of Salmons at certain Times of the Year.

* The Word, in Crotchets arc not in Orig.

Add within the Kingdom.

z Inft. 477.	‘	"I T is provided, That the Waters of Humber, Owfe,

‘ jL Trent, Done, Arre, Derewcnt, Wherfe, Nid, ‘ Tore, Swale, Tefe, [* Tine, Eden,] and all other Wa-‘ ters (wherein Salmons be taken) f {hall be in De-

* fence for taking Salmons from the Nativity of our

*	Lady unto St. Martins Day; (?) and that likewife 1 young Salmons {hall not be taken nor deftroyed by ‘ Nets, nor by other Engines at Milpools, from the ‘ mid ft of April unto the Nativity of St. John Baptijl.

J Where fuch ‘ (3) And in Places J whereas freffi Waters be, there Rivers be.	‘ (hall be affigned Overfeers of this Statute, which be-

Conimei ly	‘ jng fworn, fhall oftentimes fee and inquire of the

c3jR' 1 ‘ Offenders ; (4) and for the firft Trefpafs, they fhall c. 19. r, 17 < pyjjjfhed by burning of their Nets and Engines ;

(5) and for the fecond Time, they fhall have Im-prifonment for a Quarter of a Year ; and for the third Trefpafs, they fhall be imprifoned a whole Year; and as their Trefpafs increafeth, fo fhall the Punifhment.’

R. 2, c. 9. ap- c

pointing JuJiices tf the Peace Con- 6 fervators.	c

iS^zzEd. 4.c.2. c and 11 //. 7. c. c 2 3 • for packing of

Salmons*	23 H. 8. c. 18. for pulling down Piles in the Rivers Oufe and Humber. 25 H> 8. c. 7* I El. c. 17. for tie P refemi'ation of the Spawn.	3 Jac. 1. c. 12.

30Car. 2. flat. 1. c. 9.	4 & 5 W. &M. c. 23./. 5. 4 Ann, c.21. 9 Ann. c. 2^. * Geo. 1. ftat, 2. c. 18. $Geo. 1. c.18. 23Geo. 2. c, 26./. 7.	26Geo, 2.

c* 9»	3°	2*	c,	21	&	30,	And	33	Geo*	2.	c,	27,	The lajl mentioned Statutes containing farther Provifons for the Prcfervation and Improvement of the. Fijhery.

Rovifum eft quod aque de Humbre Oufe Trente Doon Eyre Derewent Werf Nid Yore Swale Tefe & omnes alie aque in quibus falmones capi-untur in Regno ponantur in defenfo quo ad falmones capiendos a die Nativitatis bcate Marie ufque ad diem fandli Martini et fimiliter quod falmunculi non capiantur nec deftruantur per retra vel per ali-qua ingenia ad ftagna molend’ a medio Aprilis ufque ad Nativitatem beati Johannis Baptifte. Et in partibus ubi hujufmodi riparie fuerint affignen-tnr confervatores iftius ftatuti qui ad hoc jurati fepius videant & inquirant de tranfgrefforibus Et in prima tranfgreffione puniantur per combuftio-nem retium & ingeniorum fuorum Et fi iterato deliquerint puniantur per prifonam quarterii unius anni Et ft tertio deliquerint puniantur per prifonam unius anni & fic multiplicata tranfgreffione crefcet pene infli&io.

CAP.

Stat. r.

in

Anno decimo tertioEdwardi

I.

C A P. XLVIII.

In what Cafes the View of Land is grantable, and what not.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

DE vifu terre ordinatum eft & ftatutum quod decetero non concedatur vifus nifi in cai'u quando vifus terre eft neceflarius ficuti ft aliquis aniittat tenementum per defaitam & ille qui amifit fufcitet aliud breve ad pctcndum idem tenementum. Et in cafu quando quis per aliquant ex-ceptionem dilatoriant caflat breve poft vifum terre ficut per non tenurain vel male nominando villam vel hujufmodi ft fufcitet aliud breve in hoc cafu & fuperiori decetero non concedatur vifus terre dum-modo habuerit in prioribus brevibus, I11 brevi de dote cum petitur dos de tenemento quod vir uxor’ alienavit tenenti vel ejus antecefl'ori cum ignorare non debeat tenens quale tenementum vir uxoris alienavit fibi vel antecefl'ori fuo licet vir non obi-erit feifitus nichilominus tenenti decetero non erit vifus concedendus. In brevi eriam de ingreifu caflato per hoc quod petens male nominavit in-greflum ft petens fufcitet aliud breve de aliquo Ingrcflu ft tenens in priori brevi habuit vifum in fecundo non habebit. In omnibus etiam brevibus per que tenementa petuntur ratione dimiffionis quant petens vel ejus anteceflor fecit tenenti & non antecefl'ori ftcuti quod ei dimifit dum fuit infra etatem non compos mentis in prifona Sc fimilibus non jaceat decetero vifus fed ft dimifiio faifta fuerit antecefiori jaceat decetero vifus ftcut prius.

4 XT'OK- View of Land it is ordained and provided, Fitz. View, 50, ‘ J? That from henceforth View fhall not be granted 51' S7> IJ9>

4 but in cafe when View of Land is ncceflary : As if‘I8- v. c one lofe Land by Default, and he that lofeth,	mo- 2‘ V ,*"7,4.9,

4 veth a Writ to demand the fame Land. And in	cafe	102,	fi8,

4 when one by an Exception dilatory abateth a Writ 119.

4 after the View of the Land, as by Non-tenure, or 10	7-	f-	8.

4 milnaming of the Town, or fuch like, if he pur-zlnft'479'

‘ chafe another Writ, in this Cafe, and in the Cafe 4 before mentioned, from henceforth the View fhall 4 not be granted, if he had View in the firft Writs.

‘ (2) In a Writ of Dower, where the Dower in	De-

c mand is of Land that the Hufband aliened to theTe-4 nant or his Anceftors, where the Tenant ought not 4 to be ignorant what Land the Hufband did aliene to 4 him or his Anceftor, though the Hufband died not 4 feifed, yet from henceforth View fhall not be grant-4 ed to the Tenant. (3) In a Writ of Entre alfo, that 4 is abated becaufe the Demandant mifnamed the Entre,

4 if the Demandant purchafe another Writ of Entre,

4 if the Tenant had View in the firft Writ, he fhall c not have it in the fecond. (4) In all Writs alfo 4 where Lands be demanded by reafon of a Leafe made 4 by the Demandant, or his Anceftor, unto the Tc-4 nant, and not to his Anceftor, as that which he 4 leafed to him, being within Age, not whole of Mindy 4 being in Prifon, and fuch like, View fhall not be 4 granted hereafter; (3) but if the Demife were made 4 to his Anceftor, the View fhall lie as it hath done 4 before.’

CAP. XLIX.

The Penalty for buying the Title of Land depending in Suit. A Remedy for Suits where the

Law faileth.

Ex Cotton MS. Vcfpaf. B. 7. fol. 39.

LE Chaunceller Treforer ne JuJiice ne mil Counfeil le Roy ne clerc del Efcheater ne de Jtt/lice ne de autre Miniflre ne nul detbojliel le Roy clerc ne lay ne puijfe refeeivere efglife ne avowfon de efglife ne terre ne tenement nen fee ne par donn ne par achat ne a ferme tie a champert ne en autre man ere tant come la chafe efl en plee devant le Roy ou clevant mil de cez Mini-firex ne nul lower nen foit pris et qe centre ceflex cho-fez face ou per luy ou per autre on nul bargain face foit puny a la vohmtee le Roy auxibiett celluy qe le pnr-chacera come celluy qi le fra.

1 Erl. 3. fiat. ». c. 14.	4	Ed.	j. c. 11.	20	Ed.	3.	c.	4

Tilla, lobiib farther enforcer the Statutes- againfi Maintenance and Champerty.

THE Chancellor, Treafurer, Juftices, nor any Fitz. Cham-

of the King’s Council, no Clerk of the Chan- Perty» n s> e> S', eery, nor of the Exchequer, nor of any Juftice or D’,14’ ,s” other Officer, nor any of the King’s Houfe, Clerk 1	"7C'	_,

ne Lay, fhall not receive any Church, nor Advow- 5^/4 28 V'V;. fon of a Church, Land, nor Tenement in Fee, by Enforced by zi Gift, nor by Purchafe, nor to Farm, nor by Cham- Ed- '■■fiat. 3. perty, nor otherwife, fo long as the Thing is in Plea	lgj

before us, or before any of our Officers; (z) nor lSe®!1 fhall take no Reward thereof. (3) And he that doth Raft, ugi contrary to this A£t, either himfelf, or by another, or make any Bargain, fhall be punifhed at the King’s Plealure, as well he that purchafeth, as he that doth „ „

fell ’	See farther 34

1C11-	Ed. 1.flat, s&j,

I 5. z. c, 4. agair.fi Maintenance and Champerty j and 32 H, 8. c, 9, agairfi Bracery and buying. cf

CAP. L.

No Man fhall depart from the King’s Court without Remedy.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

OMnia predi£ta ftatuta incipiant confervari- ad feftum fanfti Michaelis proximo futurum ita quod occafione del.iftorum contra aliquod predic-torum ftatutorum citra prediftum feftum perpetra-torum pena dclinquentibus de quibus mentio fifin-

* ALL the faid Statutes fhall take EffeA at the ‘ J~\. Feaft of St. Michael next coming, fo that by ‘ occafton of any Offence done on this Side the faid ‘ Feaft, contrary to any of thefe Statutes, no Punifh-6 ment (Mention v/hereof is made' within thefe Sta -

4 tutesj

4	tutes) fhall be executed upon the Offenders. (z) 4 Moreover, concerning the Statutes provided where ‘ the Law faileth, and for Remedies, left Suitors com-‘ ing to the King’s Court fhould depart from thence 4 without Remedy, they fhall have Writs provided in 4 their Cafes, but they fhall not be pleaded until the '4 Feaft of St. Michaelaforefaid.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ftatutis non infligatur.' Super vero ftatutis in de-fedbum legis & ad remedia editis ne diutius queren-tes cum ad curiam venerint recedant de remedio defperati habeant brevia fua in fuo cafu provifa fet non placitentur ufque ad predictum feftum fandti Michaelis.

STATUTUM WYNTON, A0 13 Ed. I.

"The Statute of WINCHESTER, made 8 Die O&obris, Anno 13EDW.I.

Stat. 2. and Anno Dom. 1285.

CAP. I.

Frcfh Suit fhali be made after Felons and Robbers from Town to Town, &c.

3^nflr. 197*

3 Ed. 2* c. 9 .

* Ventr. 2<i3,

Dyer 370.

Co. pla. 348, 351. Raft. 406.

Enforced by 28 Ed. 3. c. xx. andyR.2, c. 6. c. 24. •which amends the former.

4C | ^ Orafmuch as from Day to Day, Robberies, “ id Murthers, Burnings, and Theft, be more of-44 '**“ ten ufed than they have been heretofore, and 44 Felons cannot be attainted by the Oath of Jurors, 44 which had rather fuffer Strangers to be robbed, and ■“ fo pafs without Pain, than to indite the Offenders, ,44 of whom great Part be People of the fame Country, 4C or at the leaft, if the Offenders be of another Coun-44 try, the Receivers be of Places near; (2) and they 44 do the fame, bccaufe an Oath is not given unto Ju-44 rors of the fame Country where fuch Felonies were 44 done, and to the Reftitution of Damages hitherto 44 no Pain hath been limited for their Concealment and 44 Laches:” 4 (3) Our Ix>rd the King, for to abate the 4 Power of Felons, hath eftablifhed a Pain in this 4 Cafe, fo that from henceforth, for fear of the Pain 4 more than for Fear of any Oath, they fhall not fpare 4 any, nor conceal any Felonies; (4) and doth com-4 mand. That Cries fhall be folemnly made in all 4 Counties, Hundreds, Markets, Fairs, and all other 4 Places where great Refort of People is, fo that none fhall excufe himfelf by Ignorance, that from henceforth every Country be fo well kept, that immediately, upon fuch Robberies and Felonies committed, frefli Suit fhall be made from Town to Town, and from Country to Country.’

Amended by 27 El« c. *3. And 39 EL c. 25. See8*

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 4.1.

U R ceo qe de jour en jour roberies [felonies] homicides arfines plus fovenerementlunt fetes qe avaunt ne foleyentefelones ne pounteftre ateintz. par ferment de jururs qi plus volunters different felonies fetes as eftraunges genz paffer faunz peynes qe enditer meffeffours dunt graunt parties funt gent de mefmes la pais ou ameyns fi les feffours font doutre paisjour recetturs funt del vifne e ceo funt ils pur taunt qe ferment neft mie hore ditte as jururs ne au pays ou les felonies furent fetes quant a reftitucion aes damages payne avant ne fu purveu pur lur concelement e lur lachefce noftre Seignur le Rey pur abatre le poer de feluns fi eftablit peyne en ceu cas iffi qe par paour de la peyne plus qe par paour de ferement a nuli deforemes ne efparnient ne nule felonie ne concelent E comand que folemp-nement feit la criee fate en tuz cuntees hundrez marchez feyres e tuz autres leues ou folempne af-femble des gentz fera iffi qe nul par ignoraunce fe puffe efeufer qe chefcun pays iffi deforemes feit garde qe meintenant apres roberieye felonies fetes feit fete fi frefche fute de ville en ville & de pays en pays.

Gee, 2. c, 16. giving DircSlions for Hue and Cry, And 21 Geo. 2*

CAP. II.

Inquiry of Felons and Robbers, and the County fhall anfwer if they be not taken.

The Country x r Ikewife, when need requires, Inquefts fhall be Jt&bber;V'an.J0r ’* * made in Towns, by him that is Lord of the j-elonr, if they ‘ Town, and after in the Hundred, and in the France not appre- 4 chlfe, and in the County, and fometime in two, bended.	4	three, or four Counties, in cafe when Felonies fhall

Latch 127.	<	V>c committed in the Marches of Shires, fo that the

L * Offenders may be attainted. (2) And if the Coun-Kaft. 406. ’	4	try will not anfwer for the Bodies of fuch manner of

39 El. c. 25.	4	Offenders, the Pain fhall he fuch, that every Coun-

Cro. El. 142, c try, that is to wit, the People dwelling in the Coun-p7°’n5Kr’ « C try, fhall be anfwerable for the Robberies done, and -C&Tdib'5S* a^° the Damages; (3) fo that the whole Hundred

EJ T enqueftes enfement feient fetes fi meffereft -j1 en viles par cclui qi foverein eft de la vile e pus en hundrez e en fraunchifes e en cunteez e autrefois en deux trois ou en quatre cunteez en cas quaunt felonies ferunt fetes en marche dc cuntez iffi qe meffefours pufent eftre ateinz. E ft le pais de tels manere de mefefours ne refpoigne la payne ferra tiel qe chefcun pays ceft afaver genz en pais demoraunz refpoignent de roberies fetes e de damages iffi qe tut le hundred ou la roberie ferra fete

ove

Stat. 2.

* *3

Ex Rot. in Turf. Lond. ove les fraunchifes qe funt dedeins le preceynt de meifme la hundred refpoignent de roberie fete. .E fi la roberie feit fete en devifes dedenz hundrez refpoignent ambedeus les hundrez enfemblement ove les fraunchifes e plus long terme ne avera le pais apres la roberie e felonie fete qe xl. jours dedenz les quels il covendra qil facent gre de la roberie e du mefet ou qil refpoignent de cors de mefefurs.

18 Ed. 3. c. it. C10, Jac. 106, 187, 350, 4.56. Cro. Car. 37. stm/nds (be former.

7 Co. 6.

*	where the Robbery fhall be done, with the Fran- |,nft- 569-

*	chifes being within the Precimft of the fame Hun- the Hun*3*

*	dred, fhall be anfwerable for the Robberies done', died where (te<h 4 (4) And if the Robbery be done in the Divifion of Suit is not rnade 4 two Hundreds, both the Hundreds and the Franchi-fta)l anrv'cr halt' ‘ fes within them fhall be anfwerable. And after that ti1^Dun,aE'\s’ .

‘ the Felony or Robbery is done, the Country fhall

have no longer Space than forty Days, within which Shires.

4 forty Days it fhall behove them to agree for the Rob- 1 Sid- n.

4 bery or Offence, or elfe that they will anfwcr for the I11? poun"T 4 Bodies of the Offenders.’	thali have but

40 Days.

St. S G. 2, c. 16. giving Di regions for Purfuit cf Hue ar.d Cry, And 2% G. 2. c; 24. wlkb

CAP. III.

This A<5t fhall be refpited until Eajler next.

EPur ceo que le Rey ne voet pas qe gent fodein-nement feient efpoveri de cefte peyne qe fem-blereit dure a aucune gent graunte qe le ne feit mie meintenaunt encorue mes preigne la peyne refpit deqes a la Pafke procheine venaunt e dedenz cel terme verra le rey content le pais fe portera e fi cef-ferunt teles roberies e felonies. Apres quel terme tuz feient certeinz qe lavaundite payne curra gene-raument ceo eft afaver qe chefcun vile ceo eft afa-ver genz el pais demoraunz refpoignent des roberies e felonies fetes en lur pais.

“ AND forafmuch as the King will not that his 44 d~\. People fhould be fuddenly impoverifhed by “ reafon of this Penalty, that feemeth very hard to cc many;” * the King granteth, That they fhall not ‘ incur immediately, but it fhall be refpited until Ea-4 Jier next following, within which Time the King ‘ may fee how the Country will order themfclves, and ‘ whether fuch Felonies and Robberies do ceafe. (2) 4 After which Term let them all be afTured, that thie 4 forefaid Penalty fhall run generally, that is to fay, 4 every Country, that is to wit, the People in the 4 Country, fhall be anfwerable for Felonies and Rob-4 beries done among them.’

CAP. IV.

'At what Times the Gates of great Towns fhall be fhut, and when the Night-Watch fhall

begin and end.

EA plus feurer le pais ad le rey comaunde qe en les graunz viles qe funt clofes les portes feient fermes del folail refeufe deqes au folail levaunt e quel nul home ne herbergeen fuburbe ne enforein chiefs de la vile fi de jour noun ne uncore de jour fi le hofte ne voille pur lui refpundre. E les haillifs de viles chefcune femeine ou ameins quinzeime facent enqueftes de genz herbergez en fuburbes ou enfo-reines chefs de viles. E ill trovent nul herbergour qe refeeive ou herberge en autre manere gent dunt fufpeciun feit qil foient gent countre la pes fi en facent les baillifs dreiturc. E deforemes eft comaunde qe veylles foient fetes iffi cum aunciene-menz foleyent eftre ceo eft afaver del jour de la Afcenciun deqes le jour feint Michel en chefcun cite fis homes en chefcune porte en chefcun burgh par xii. homes en chefcune vile en terre par vi. homes ou iiij. folom numbre des genz qi enhabitent e facent la veille contjnuelment tute la nuit del folail refeuffe jeqes al folail levaunt. E ft nul e^ ftraunge pafte par eus feit areftu jeqes au matin e ft nule fufpeciun ne feit trove aille quites. E ft om trove fufpeciun feit livere al vifeunte mainte-naunt e faunz daimger le receive e fauvement le garde jeqes ataunt qe en due manere feit delivre. E fi eus ne fe foeffrent pas eftre arefteuz feit heu e cri leve fur eus e ceus qi funt la veille les ftwent 0 Vox., I,

4 A ND for the more Surety of the Country, the At what Time c J~X. King hath commanded, that in great Towns, great Towns 4 being walled, the Gates fhall be clofed from the Sun-111311 be opened 4 fetting until the Sun-rifing; (2) and that no Man	^

4 do lodge in Suburbs, nor in any Place out of the 7	7‘

4 Town, from Nine of the Clock until Day, without 4 his Hoft will anlwer for him. (3) And the Bailfffs 4 of Towns every Week, or at the leaft every Fifteenth 4 Day, fhall make Inquiry of all Perfons being lodged 4 in the Suburbs, or in foreign Places of the Towns.

4 (4) And if they do find any that have lodged or re-4 ceived any Strangers or fufpicious Perfon, againft the 4 Peace, the Bailiffs fhall do Right therein, (j) And 4 the King commandeth, That from henceforth * all * Watches he 4 Towns be kept as it hath been ufed in Times paffed, kePr-4 that is to wit, from the Day of the- Afcenfion unto^Time 4 the Day of St. Michael, in every City Six Men (hail wateh^aU be-4 keep at every Gate, in every Borough Twelve Men, g;n and end.

4 every Town Six or Four, according to the Number Enforced and 4 of the Inhabitants of the Town, and fhall watch the amended by 4 Town continually all Night, from the Sqn-fetting£^d- 3- C-I4-4 unto the Sun-rifing. (6) And if any Stranger do pals Sav;i g‘ *

4 by them, he fhall be arrefted until Morning; and if 4 no Sufpicion be found, he fhall go quit; (7) and if 4 they find Caufe of Sufpicion, they fhall forthwith 4 deliver him to the Sheriff, and the Sheriff may re-4 ceive him without Damage, and fhall keep him i'afe-

^ l*r »l M f 11 bo ko OOz-i in ti-aA in fliio ]\T/innot- / O i A K.J flOW 11) Gy f}l ftll

be ufed who difobey Arrefts. •f* Read ffotcb.

Jiyj umn iiv, uv	ill uuv, ivianijt.L. l°7 T\liU

if they will not obey the Arreft, they fhall levy Hue and Cry upon_ them, and fuch as keep the' + Town fhall follow with Hue and Cry with all the Town, Q_	•	«	and

Stat. 2

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

A. D.‘ 1285..

*	and the Towns near, and fo Hue and Cry fhall be

*	made from Town to Town, until that they be taken ‘ and delivered to the Sheriff, as before is faid; and for ‘ the Arreftments of fuch Strangers none fhall be pu-‘ nifhed.’

Confrmed by 5 H. 4. c. 3

which orders farther that Watches fhall be upon the Sea Coajl

Ex Ret. in Tun. Lond. tutela viles ove les vifnees viles o heu e cri de vile en vile jeqes taunt qil ferra pris e livrez au vifeunte cum eft avauntdit e pur le arefterment de tels e-ftraunges nul ne feit enchefune..

CAP. V.

The Breadth of Highways leading from one Market-Town to another.

Highways ui Market Towns fhall he inlarged, ( * Read where.

•f Read Under-wood*	6

X So as It be clear underneath,.

4 AND further it is commanded. That Highways 4 ii. leading from one Market-Town to another fhall be enlarged, * whereas Bufhes, Woods, or Dykes be, fo that there be neither Dyke, f Tree, nor Bu£h, whereby a Man may lurk to do hurt, within Two

*	Hundred Foot of the one Side, and Two Hundred ‘ Foot of the other Side of the Way, fo that this Sta.-4 tute fhall not extend unto Afhes, nor unto great 4 Trees, % for which it fhall be clearly out of this.

‘ (2) And if by Default of the Lord that will not abate 4 the Dyke, Underwood, or Bufhes, in the Manner ‘ aforefaid, any Robberies be done therein, the Lord ‘ fhall be anfwerable for the Felony ; and if Murther ‘ be done, the Lord fhall make a Fine at the King’s

*	Pleafure. (3) And if the Lord be not able to fell ‘ the Underwoods, the Country fhall aid him therein.

4 (4). And the King willeth, that in his demean Lands *• and Woods within his Foreft and without, the Ways 4 fhall be enlarged, as before is faid. (5) And if per-4 cafe a Park be || taken from the Highway, it is requi-‘ fite that the Lord fhall fet his Park the Space of Two

<	Hundred Foot from the Highways, as before is faid, c. or that he make fueh a Wail, Dyke, or Hedge, that

<	Offenders naay. not pafs, ne return to do evil.’

3 3 El. c. 10. making Addition to former AEh>

A Park near unto the Highway.

K’ Be near the Highway.

2 & 3 P. Sc M. c. 8 .fat Amend*, rnent of the Highways. 5 El. c. 13. continuing the foregoing,

Car, 2. c. 6.	22	Car.	z.	c.	jz. 3 W.& M. c. izr. containing farther Regulations for repairing and enlarging Highways. Likewife 8 £■? 9 TV, 3. c. 16; giving

Hawer to 'fujlices to enlarge Highways eight Yards in Breadth j and '} Geo. 2. c. 9,.giving Jufliccs Power to order Hedges to he cut which annoy the Highways. See farther y.Geo. z- c. 18.	15 Gfo. 2. f. 2.	j6Geo. z* c. 29*	21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 24 Geo. z. c. 43, 26 Geo, z. c. 28. and 31 Geo. 2. c. ^.for new Regula*

tiozs with refpeft to Highways, Carriages, &c..

COmaunde eft enfement qe les hauts chemins des viles marchaundes as autres- viles mar-chaundes feient enlargiz la ou il y ad bois ou haies ou foflez ifli qil ne eit fofle futhboys ou bufluns ou lem peut taper pur mal fere pres del ehemin de deus centz pez de une part e de deus eentz pez de: autre part iffi qe cet eftatut point ne eftende as keynes ne as gros fufz par quei eeo feit eler delouz. E fi par defaute de feignur qi ne vodra fofle fubois ou bufluns en la furme avaundite abatre e roberies feient fetes fi refpoygne le feignur e fil y eyt mur-dre fi feit le feignur reint a la volunte le rey. E fi le feignur ne fuffift a fuzbois abatres fi lui aide le pais a eeo fere. E le rei veut qe en fes demeines terres e boys dedenz forefte e dehors feient les chemins enlargiz cum avaunt eft dit. E fi par cas park feit pres del haut ehemin fi convendra qe le feignur del park amenufe fun park jeqes ataunt qil joyt la leefte de deus eentz pez pres del haut ehemin eum avaunt eft dit ou qe il face tel mur fofle ou haye qe meffefurs ne puflent paffer ne returner: pur mal fere..

29EI. c. 5. making the 5 El. c. 13, perpetual.	And fee 1.3 £? 14;

CAP. VI..

That View of Arms be made; Hue and Cry fhall be followed. Fairs or Markets fhall not

be kept in Church-yards.

‘ A N D further it is commanded. That every Man * Jt\. have in his Houfe Harnefs for to keep the Peace 4 after the antient Afiifethat, is to fay, (2) Every 4 Man between Fifteen Years of Age, and Sixty Years, 1 fhall be afleffed and fworn to Armor according to the 4 Quantity of their Lands and Goods; (3) that is to 4 wit, From Fifteen Pounds Lands,, and Goods Forty 4 Marks, an.Hauberke, a Breaft-plate oflron, a Sword, 14 a Knife, and an Horfe ; (4) and from Ten Pounds 4 of Lands,, and Twenty. Marks Goods, an Hauberke, 4 a Breaft-plate oflron, a Sword, and a Knife ; (;) 4 and from Five Pound Lands, a Doublet, a Breaft-4 plate of Iron, a Sword, and a Knife; (6) and from 4 Forty Shillings Land, and more, unto One Hundred 4 Shillings of Land,, a Sword, a Bow.and Arrows, and 4 a Knife;. (7) and he that hath lefs than forty Shil-4 lings yearly, fhall be fworn to keep Gif-arms, Knives, ~4 and other lefs Weapons; (8) and he that hath lefs ‘ than Twenty Marks in Goods, fhall have Swords, 4 Knives, and other lefs Weapons; (9) and ali'other 4 that tnay fhall have Bows and Arrows out of the Fo-4 reft, and in the Foreft Bows and Boults. (10) And 4 that View of Armor be made every Year Two Times.

COmmaunde eft enfement qe chefcun home cit en fa mefun armure pur la pees garder folum la aunerene afiife eeo eft afaver qe chefcun home entre quinze anna &feifaunte foit affis e jure as armes folum la quantite de lur terres e de lur cha-teusceo eft afaver a quinzeliveres des terres eehateus de quaraunte mares haubergeon chapel de feer efpe eutel e cheval a difz liveres de terre e chateus de vynt marcs haubergeon chapel efpe e cutel a cent, foudeefz de terre parpoint chapel de feer efpe e cutel a quaraunte foudeefz de terre e de plus jeqes a cent fouz efpe ark fetes e cutel e qe meins ad de quaraunte fouz de terre feit jure a fauchons gif-armes e cotaus e autres menues armes qui meins ad de ehateus vynt mares cfpees- euteus e autres menues armes Etuz les autres qui averpount eient-ares e fetes hors de foreftes e dedenz foreftes arcs, e pilets. E qe veuc es- armes feit fete deus foiz 3;	Par

A. D. 1285. Anno decimo tertio Edvvardi I*

Stat. 3.	115

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. par an. E en chefcun hundred e fraunchife feyent eleus deus coneftables a fere la veu des armes e les coneftables avauntdiz prefentent devaunt les ju-ftices aflignez quaunt. il vendrunt en pays les de-fautez qil averount trovez de armere e de fuites de veilles e de cheminz E prefentent aufl de genz qi feerbergent genz eftraunges en viles de uppelaund pur queus il ne volent refpundre e les Juftices af-fignez en chefcun parlement reprefentent au rey e le rey fur ceo en fra remedie. E bien fe gardent deforemes vifeuntes baillifs de fraunchifes e de hors greignurs ou maindres qi baillie ou forefterie unt en fee ou en autre manere qil fiwent le cri ove le pays E folum ceo qil funt eient chevaus e armeure a ceo fere E fi nul feit qi ne le face feient les de-fautes prefentez par les coneftables as Jufticez af-fignez e puis apres par eus au rey cum avaunt eft dit. E comaunde le rey e defend qe feire ne marche deforemes ne feient tenuz en cimeter pur honur de feint eglife. Done a Wynceftre le utifme jour de Odlobr’ le an du regne le rey trezime.



(11) And in every Hundred and FranchifeTwo Con-ftables fhall be chofen to make the View of Armor:

2) And the Conllables aforefaid fhall prefent be-'ore Tuftices affigned fuch Defaults as they do fee in ‘ the Country about Armor, and of the Suits of Towns,

‘ and of Highways, and alfo fhall prefent all fuch as do ‘ lodge Stangers in uplandifh Towns, for whom they

*	will not anfwer; (13) and the Tuftices affigned fhall ?Ed- 3‘Cl

*	prefent at every Parliament unto the King fuch De-S^”£s

‘ faults as they fhall find, and the King fhall provide i>tact ,0pUnjh Remedy therein. (14) And from henceforth let She- Difibeyen ar.i riffs take good Heed, and Bailiffs, within their Fran- Re/i/>en. chifes and without, be they higher or lower, that have any Bailiwick or Foreftry in Fee, or otherwife, that they fhall follow the Cry With the Country, and after, as they are bounden, to keep Horfes and Armor, orfo to do ; (iO and if there be any that do

Dire&ions as to keeping of Herfe and Armour*

not, the Defaults fhall be prefented by the Confta-bles to the Juftices affigned, and after, by them to the King, and the King will provide Remedy as afore is faid. (16) And the King commandeth and forbid- Fairs and M«-‘ deth, that from henceforth neither Fairs nor Mar- ket! ?ul*notTB ‘ kets be kept in Churchyards, for the Honour of the in C‘1UK“* ‘ Church. Given ■\t lVinchefler, the Eighth of October, y ‘ in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of the King.’

So much of this Statute as concerns the having, keeping, and viewing of Harnefs and Arms is repealed by 21 Jac. ^phscM c * I. cap. I.	which gives other

See 8 Geo. 2. e. 16. giving Dire&ionS for Purfuit of Hue and Cry. And 22 Geo. 2» c. 24. which amends theformer.

* Injlead of the 21 Jac. 1. c, 1, it is probable that the l Jac, 1* 2i Jac* 1, c. It contains nothing relative to the Subject.

.25.

And 22 Geo. 2k c. 24.

is here intended, as that Acl repeals the 4	5	P.	&	M.	referred to in the Margin ; but

The Statute o/ MERCHANTS, made at Weftminfter Anno 13 Edw. I. Stat. 3. and Anno Dom. 1285.

CAP. I.

The Form of knowledging a Statute Merchant. The Creditor’s Remedy if his Debt be not paid. The King’s Seals fhall be fent to Keepers of Fairs. Taking of Recognifance.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. tn. 41.

PUR ceo qe marchaunz qi avaunt ces hures unt preft lur aver a divers genz funt cheuz en poverte pur eeo qe il ni avoit pas fi redde ley purvewe par la quele il poeient lur dettes hafteve-ment recovrir au jour affis de paye e par cele en-chefon funt mult des marchaunz fuftrezdevenir en cefte terre ove lurmarchaundifes a damage des marchaunz e de tut le reaume le rey par luy e par tun counfeil a fun parlement qe il tint a Adfon Burnell apres la feint Michell le an de fun regne uzime fift e ordina eftabliffement fur ceo a remedie des marchaunz le quel ordeinement e eftabliffement le rey comaunda qe tenuz fuiffent e fermement gardez en tut fun reaume dunt marchaunz unt eu remedie e a mains mefehief e travail unt recovre lur dettes qe avaunt ne foleient. Mes pur ceo qe marchaunz puys fe pleindrent al rey qe Vifeuntes qui malement enterpreterent fun ftatut e aconefei par malice e par mal enterpreteifon delaerent lexe-cucion del ftatut a graunt damage des marchaunz je rey a fun parlement a Weftm’apres Pafk lan

“ T’p Orafmuch as Merchants, which heretofore have “ H lent their Goods to divers Perfons, be fallen irt “ Poverty, becaufe there is no fpeedy Remedy “ provided, whereby they may fhortly recover their Debt at the Day of Payment; (z) and for this Caule,

“ many Merchants do refrain to come into the Realm “ with their Merchandife, to the Damage of fuch “ Merchants and of all the Realm; ‘ (3) the King St. Atlon Bur#.

‘ and his Council at his Parliament holden at AEion nel> 11 Ed.

‘ Burncl, after the Feaft of St. Michael, the Eleventh ‘ A ear of his Reign, * hath ordained t thefe Eftablifh- • Omit hath.

‘ ments thereupon for the Remedy of fuch Merchants ; + Orais ‘ which Ordinances and Eftablifhments, the King ‘ t commandeth that they {hall be firmly kept and ob- j Commanded. ‘ ferved throughout this Realm, whereby Merchants

* || may have Remedy,	and lefs Trouble and Bufmefs to || Hare had.

‘ recover their Debts, than they have had heretofore.’ *1 Rc>d bave ‘‘ (4) But forafmuch as Merchants after complained b,a

“ unto the King, that Sheriffs mifinterpreted his Sta- ,beir Debts with “ tutes, and fometimes by Maiice and falfe Interpre- lefs lmtnwmencc “ tation delayed the Execution of the Statute, to the Twite. great Damage of Merchants;” (5) The King at his »

*	Parliament holden at TVeJlminJler after Eafer, the

‘ thirteenth

lx 6 Stat.‘3*

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I. A. D. 1285.

The Form of acknowledging of a Statute	4

Merchant.	c

Co, Lit, 2S9. b. 4

Djier 35.

Sealing of a Statute.

Fitz. Execut.

Cro, EL 519.

The Creditor's 6 Remedy if the c Debtbenofpaid. (

c

€

<-

C

«

t

4.

C

Certificate of the * Statute into the c Chancery. t Fitz.Execut. 79.

37 H. 6. f. 6.	‘

a

c

"Within what c Time the Debtor < may fell his < LaiVtL	t

Kegift. 146. Fitz.Execut.49, c S9, 118, 154. , f 4 Co. 67.	c

Dyer 206. t Fitz. Pvefceit.

27Ed. 3* flat, 2. « «. 9, fctt, i. 5 Wh2t Eftatc the c Merchant fhall have in the Debtor's Lands*

thirteenth Year of his Reign, caufed the faid Statute made at ASlon Bnrnel to be rehearfed ; (6) and for the Declaration of certain Articles in the Statute aforefaid hath ordained and eftablifhed, That a Merchant who will be fure of his Debt, fhall caufe his Debtor to come before the Mayor of London, or’be-fore fome chief Warden of a City, or of another good Town, where the King fhall appoint, (7) and before the Mayor and chief Warden, or other fuffi-cient Men chofen and fwern thereto, when the Mayor or chief Warden cannot attend, (8) and before one of the Clerks that the King fhall thereto aflign, when both cannot attend, he fhall acknowledge the Debt and the Day of Payment; (9) and the Recognifance fhall be inrolled by one- of the Clerks Hands being known, and the Roll fhall be double, whereof one Part fhall remain with the Mayor or chief Warden, and the other with the Clerks that thereto fhall be firft named; (10) and further, one of the faid Clerks with his own Hand fhall write an Obligation, to which Writing the Seal of the Debtor fnall be put with the King’s Seal provided for the fame Intent; which Seal fhall be of two Pieces, whereof the greater Piece fhall remain in the Cuftody' of the Mayor, or the chief Warden, and -the other Piece in the keeping of the forefaid Clerk. (11) And if the Debtor do not pay at the Day limited unto him, then fhall the Merchant come to the Mayor and Clerk with his Obligation ; (12) and if it be found by the Roll or Writing, that the Debt was knowledged, and the Day of Payment expired, the Mayor or chief Warden fhall caufe the Body of the Debtor to be taken (if he be Lay) whenfoever he happeheth to come in their Power, and fhall commit him to the Prifon of the Town, if there be any, and he fhall remain there at his own Cofts, until he hath agreed for the Debt. (13) And it is commanded that the Keeper of the Town Prifon fhall retain him upon the Delivery of the Mayor or Warden ; and if the Keeper fhall not receive him, he fhall be anfwerable for the Debt, if he have whereof ; and if he have not whereof, he that committed the Prifon to his keeping fhall anfwer. (14) And if the Debtor cannot be found in the Power of the Mayor, or chief Warden, then fhall the Mayor or chief Warden fend into the Chancery, under the King’s Seal, the Recognifance of the Debt; and the Chancellor fhall diredt a Writ unto the Sheriff, in whofe Shire the Debtor fhall be found,' for to take his Body (if he be Lay) and fafely to keep him in Prifon until he hath agreed for the Debt; (15) and within a Quarter of a Year after that he is taken, hfs Chattels fhall be delivered him, fo that by his own he may levy and pay the Debt; (16) and it fhall be lawful unto him, during the lame Quarter, to fell his Lands and Tenements for the Difcharge of his Debts, and his Sale fhall be good and effectual. (17) And if he do not agree within the Quarter, next after the Quarter expired all the Lands and Goods of the Debtor fhall be delivered unto the Merchant by a' reafonable Extent, to hold them until fuch Time as the Debt is wholly levied ; and never-thelefs the Body fhall remain in Prifon as before is faid; (18) and the Merchant fhall find him Bread and Water, (19) and the Merchant fhall have fuch Scifin in the Lands and Tenements delivered unto

» Londres, Ccittn MSt

1

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lend, de fun regne troizime fill reciter lavauntdit ftatut fet a Adlon Burnell e pur declarer aquns articles de fun ftatut avauntdit ad ordine e eftabli qe mar-chaunt qi veut eftre feure de fa dette face venir fun dettur devaunt le meyre de 3 Appelby ou de-vaunte autre chief gardeyn de vile ou de autre-bone vile ou le rey ordinera e devaunt le meire, ou chief gardein ou autre prodhome a ceo efleu e jure quaunt meire ou chief gardeyn ne poet entendre e devaunt un des clers qi le rey a ceo a-tornera quaunt ambodeus ne poent entendre co-nuffe la dette e jour de la paie e feit la conoif-faunce enroullee de la main del un des clers avaunt-diz qi ferra conue e le roule duble dunt le un demorge vers le meire ou chief gardein e lautre-Vers le clerk qi a ceo primes ferra nome e oftre ceo un des avauntdiz clers de fa main face le ef-crit de obligacion a quel eferit feit mis le feel dels dettur ove le feel le rey qe a ceo eft- purveu le quel feel ferra de deus pieces dunt la greignour piece demoera en la garde le meire ou chief gardein e lautre piece en la main le clerk avauntdit. E fi le dettur ne rende al jour qe lui eft aflis ft veigne le marchaunt al meyre e al clerk ove fa lettre de obligacion e fi trove feit par roule ou par lettre qe la dette fuft conue e le jour aflis feit paffe fi face le meyre ou chief gardeyn prendre le cors al dettur fil eft lay quel heure qe il feit trove en fon poer t liverer a la prifon de la vile fi prifon y feit e la demoerge a fes cuftages propres defqe ataunt qil eit fet gre de la dette. E comaunde eft qe le gardein de la prifon de la vile le reteigne par la livere del meyre ou le gardeyn e fil ne le voille receivre fi refpoigne mein-tenant le gardein de la prifon de la dette fil eit de qei e fil nad de qei cy refpoigne celui qi la prifon luy bailla a garder. E fi le dettur ne poet eftre trove en le poer del meyre ou chief gardein dunqe maunde le. meyre ou chief gardein defuz le feel le rey avauntdit al chaunceler la co-noiffaunce fete de la dette e le chaunceler envoie-bref al vifeunte en qi baillie le dettur ferra trove qil preigne fon cors fil eft lay e en fave prifon-le garde defqe ataunt qil eit fet gre de la dette e dedenz un quarter del an apres ceo qe il ferra pris eit fes chateus e fes terres delivres iflint qe. par les foens puiffe lever e paier la dette e bien luy lift dedenz le quarter terre & tenement vender pur fes dettes aquiter e fa vente ferra ferme . & eftable. E fil ne face gre dedenz le quarter paffe feient liverez au marchaunt tutz les biens del detter e totes fes terres par refnable eftent a tenir defqe ataunt qe la dette pleinemcnt ferra levee e ja le plus tart le cors demoerge en prifon cum avaunt eft dit e le marchaunt luy truiffe pain e ewe e eit le marchaunt en ceuls tenemenz 3

" "luj

A. D. 1285. Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.	Stat.	3.	117

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. luy liverez ou fon afligne tele feifine qil puifte porter bref de Novele difleifine fil feit engete e de redefeifine auxi fi cum de frank tenement a te-nir a lui e a fes aflignez taunt qe la dette fait paiee e apres la dette levee e paee feit le cors al dettur delivere ove fa terre. E en le bref qe le chaunceler enverra feit mencion fet qe le vif-cunte certifie les juftices del un baunc ou del autre coment il avera furni le comaundement le rey a un certein jour a quel jour le marchaunt fi fun gre ne foit fet fue devaunt les Juftices e fi le Vifcunte ne returne nul bref ou returne qe le bref vint tro. tartou qil ad maunde al baillifs de la fraunchife fi facent les juftices folom ceo qil eft contenu en le drein ftatut de Weftmr’. E fi par cas le Vifcunte maunde qe le dettur neft pas trove ou feit clerk fi eitle marchaunt bref a tuz lesVifcuntes ou il avera terre qil lui liverent tuz les chateus e les tenemenz al dettur par refnable eftent a tenir a luy e a fes aflignez en la furme qe eft avauntdite e ja le plus tart eit bref a quel Vifcunte qil vodra deprendre fon cors fil eft ley e tenir en la furme avauntdite. E bien fe garde le gardein de la prifun qil luy co-vendra refpundre del cors ou de la dette. E apres ceo qe les terres al detter ferrunt livereez al marchaunt bien lirra au dettur fa terre vendre ifiint qe le marchaunt neit damage de fes approvemenz e fauvez feient touz jours al marchaunt damages e. chefcunz cuftagez neceftaires e refunnables en travails futes delaies e en defpenfes. E fi le dettur truifle plegges qi fe conoiflent eftre principals det-turs apres le jour pafle feit fet des plegges en totes chofes cum eft dit del principal dettur quant a cors prendre e terres liverer e autres chofes, E quant les terres al detturs ferrunt liverez as marchauntz fi eit feifine de totes les terres qe furent en le main le dettur le jour qe la conoiflaunce fu fete en qi mein qe eles ferrunt apres devenuz ou par feffe-ment ou per autre manere. E apres la dette paie les terres ifluz del dettur par feffement returnent auxibien arere al feffe cum les autres; terres as detturs. E fi le dettur ou plegge moerge point neitle marchaunt recoverir a prendre le cors leeirmes a fes terres cum avaunt eft dit fil eft de age ou quant jl ferra de age. E feit purveu un feel qi ferve as feires e ceo feel ferra envoie a chefcune feire defuz le feel le rey par un clerk jure e par le gardein de la feire. E par la communaute des marchaunz feient eflus deusleus marchaunz de la cite deLun-dres qil facent le ferment e devaunt eus feit le feel overt e la une peece feit bailie as avauntdiz marchaunz e lautre demoerge vers le clerk e devaunt eux ou le uades marchaunz fi amdeus ni poent eftre feient les conoiflaunces fetes cum devaunt eft dit. E avaunt ceo qe nul reconoiflaunce feit enroul-lee feitla peine del ftatut apertiement leu de vaunt le dettur iflint qil ne puifte autrefoiz dire qe lorn li met autre peine qe icele au quele il fe obliga. E a fuftenir les cuftages del avauntdit clerk fi prendra le rey de chefcune livre un den’ en chefcune vile ou 4

4 him or his Aflignee, that he may maintain a Writ of 4 Novel difj'eifm, if he be put out, and Redifleifin alfo, c as of Freehold, to hold to him and his Afligns until

*	the Debt be paid; (20) and afl'oon as the Debt is le-1 vied, the Body of the Debtor fhall be delivered with

*	his Lands. (21) And in fuch Writs as the Chan-‘ cellor doth award, Mention {hall be made, that the

*	Sheriff fhall certify the Juftices of the one Bench or 4 of the other, how he hath performed the King’s*

4 Commandment, at a certain Day, at which Day the ‘

4 Merchant fhall fue.before the Juftices, if agreement 4 be not made j (22) and if the Sheriffs do not return.

4 the Writ, or do return that the Writ came too late,.

4 or that he hath directed it to the Bailiffs of fome Fran-4 chife, the Juftices fhall do as it is contained in the 4 latter Statute of JVeJhninJler. (23) And if in cafe the 13 Ed. 1. fiir.w 4 Sheriff return, that the Debtor cannot be found, c- 39-4 or that he is a Clerk, the Merchant fhall have Writs 4 to all the Sheriffs where he fhall have Land, and 4 that they fhall deliver unto him- all the Goods and 4 Lands of the Debtor by a reafonable Extent, to hold ‘ unto him and his Afligns in the Form aforefaid ; and 4 at thelaft he fhall have a Writ to what Sheriff he 4 will, to take his Body (if he be Lay) and to retain it 4 in Manner aforefaid. (24) And let the Keeper of 4 the Prifon take Heed, that he muft anfwer for the 4 Body, or for the Debt. (2;) And after the Debtor’s 4 Lanas be delivered to the Merchant, the Debtor may 4 lawfully fell his Land, fo that the Merchant have no 4 Damage of the’Approvements; (26) and the Mer-4 chants fhall always be allowed for their Damages, 7 H. 4. f. 10.

4 and all Cofts, Labours, Suits, Delays, and Expen- D.yer 2o6-4 ces reafonable. (27) And if the Debtor find Sureties 4 which do acknowledge themfelves to be principal or°s"sJjret;es '

4 Debtors, after the Day palled the Sureties fhall be rhall be'ufed,

4 ordered in all Things as is faid of the principal Debt-4 or,, as to the Arreft of Body, Delivery of Lands,

4 and other Things. (28) Ana when the Lands of what Land* , 4 the Debtors be delivered unto the Merchant, he fhall.frail ta ex-4 have Seifin of all the Lands that were in the Hand of tended>

4 the Debtor, the Day of the Recognifance made, in 4 whole Hands foever that they come after, either by 4 Feoffment, or otherwife. (29) And after the Debt 4 paid, the Debtor’s Lands, and the Iflues of Lands of 4 Debtors by Feoffment fhall return again, as well to 4 the Feoffee, as the other Lands unto the Debtors.

4 (30) And if the Debtor or his Sureties die, the Mer-nie HAV 4 chant fhall have no Authority to take the Body of his Lands, but nov 4 Heir, but he fhall have his Lands, as before is faid, f115 Body'

4 if he be of Age, or when he fhall be of full Age, e extended’

4 * until he hath levied of the Lands the Arnountance and * yj,, tbt 4 Value of the Debt. (31) And a Seal fhall be provi -Original;

4 ded, that fhall ferve for Fairs, and the fame fhall be ASeal for Fate, 4 fentunto every Fair under the King’s Seal by a Clerk'

4 fworn, or by the Keeper of the fair. (32) And of 4 the f Cojnmonalty of the Merchants of the City of Lon- f	And by

4 don, two Merchants Jhall he chofen, that fhall fwear, tbt Camanahy-4 and the Seal fhall be opened before them, and the one °f MVc}la,nt\’ ,■

4 Piece fhall be delivered unto the forefaid Merchants, Thorne 4 and the other fhall remain with the Clerk; and before Tial^cf illCity 4 them, or one of the Merchants (if both cannot at- of London. -4 tend) the Recognifances fhall be taken, as before is Bro. Recoj..

4 faid. (33) And before that any Recognifance be in- 1®>	l8>	SI<

4 rolled, the Pain of the Statute fhall be openly read LeVead to 4 before the Debtor, fo that after he cannot fay that anjj the Debtor.

4 did put another Penalty than that whereto he bound 4 himfelf. (34.) And to maintain the Cofts of the faid The King's Duty 4 Clerk, the King fhall take of every Pound a Penny, “^MwledwdL

in	J

Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I

A. D. 1285.

Taking of Re-

■cognifances.

Read of thofe who are willing to acknowledge them before them.

in every Town where the Seal is, except Fairs, where he fhall take one Penny Halfpenny of the Pound. (35) This Ordinance and Adt the King willeth to be obferved from henceforth throughout his Realm of England and Ireland, amongft the which People they that will may make fuch Recognifances (except. Vmr, to whom this Ordinance fliall not extend.) (36) And by this Statute a Writ of Debt (ball not be abated 3 (37) and the Chancellor, Juftices of the one Bench and the other, the Barons of the Exchequer, and Juftices Errants, {hall not be eftopped to take Recognifances of Debts 1 before them knowledged and made: (38) But the Execution of Recognifances made before them fhall not be done in the Form

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. le feel fetra horpris faire ou il prendra treis mailles de la livre. Ceft ordeinement e eftahlifement veut le rei qe deforemes feit tenu par tut fun reaume de Engleterre e de Irlatinde entre quelfz genz qi ceo foient qi de lour endegre vodrunt tele reconoiftaunce fere forfpris Teus as qu'eus ceft eftablifement he fe-ftent pas. Et par ceft eftablifemefit ne feit pas bref de dette abatu e ne feient pas le Chaunceler Baiuns del Efcheker Juftices del un baunc e del autre e Juftices erraunz forclos deprendre reconoiflaunces de dettes de eus qi devaunt eux les vodrunt fere mes les execucions des conoiflaunces devaunt eus fetes hen feient pas fetes par la fiirme avauntdite mes par la ley e le ufage e la manere purveue aillors en autre eftatut.

aforefaid, but by the Law and Manner before ufed,

‘ and otherwife provided in other Statutes a.’

Rex vie’ falutem. Quia coram tali majore vel cuftode talis ville, vel coram cuftode figilli noftri de mer-catoribus in nundinis in tali loco, & tali clerico noftro A. recognovit debere B. tantum qued folvifle debuit tali die & tali anno, quod idem A. nondum folvit, ut dicit: Tibi praecipimus, quod corpus prxdidti A. ft laicus fit, capias, & in prifona noftra falvo cuftodiri facias, quoufque de prasdidl’debito fatisfecerit. Et quarter hoc praeceptum noftrum fueris executus, fare facias juftitiariis noftrisapud Weftmonafterium perliteras Imutat Manner *■ uas figillatas, & habeas ibi hoc breve. Tefte, &c.

Execution fhall be made of the Statute Staple, fee 27 Ed. 3. flat. 2. c. 9. which is enforced by ltR.z. c. 9.	23 H. 8. c. 6, empowering ibe two Chief fuflees,

the Mayor of the Staple, to take Obligations. And the 8 Geo.i. c, 25. for fupplytng fome Dcfetls in the 23#. 8. c. 6.

7he Statute of Circumfpedte agatis} made Anno 13 Edw. I. Stat. 4.

and Anno Dom. 1285.

CAP. I.

Certain Cafes wherein the King’s Prohibition doth not lie.

* Net in Orig. Cafes wherein the King's Prohibition doth riot lie. a Inlt. 4S7.

13 Co. 41.

7 Co. 44.

5 Co. 67.

Tilhes and Offerings.

Tn: Lina in Italich arc not in the Original.

8 Ed. 4. 13. Fitz. Prohibition, 18, 20. Mortuaries.

‘ *t jj ^ JHE King to his Judges fendeth Greeting. Ufe P yourfelves circumfpedtly in all Matters con-c	cerning the Bilhop of Norwich and his Cler-

‘ gy, not punifhing them if they hold Plea in Court

*	Chriftian of fuch Things as be meer fpiritual, that is ‘ to wit, of Penance enjoined by Prelates for deadly ‘ Sin, as Fornication, Adultery, and fuch like, for 1 the which fometimes Corporal Penance, and fome-x time Pecuniary is enjoyned, fpecially if a Freeman £ be convidl of fuch Things. (2) Alfo if Prelates do ‘ punifti for leaving the Church-yard unclofed, or for

*	that the Church is uncovered, or not conveniently ‘ decked, in which Cafes none other Penance can be c enjoined but Pecuiary.

‘ (3) Item, If a Parfon demand f of his Parijhioncrs ‘ Oblations or Tithes due and accujlomed, (4) or if any ‘ Parfon do fue againjl another Parfon for Tithes grea-‘ ter or {mailer, fo that the fourth Part of the Value of ‘ the Benefice be not demanded.

‘ (3) Item, If a Parfon demand Mortuaries in Pla-‘ ces where a Mortuary hath been ufed to be given.

Penfion.	< (6) ]tem} Jf a Prelate of a Church, % or of a Pa-

eamatwn.	< troH^ demand of a Parfon a Penfion due to "him, all

Cotton MS.	Claudius,	D. 2.

Glrcuinfpedle agatis de negotio tangente domi-num Epifcopum Norwicen’ & clerum non puniendo eos ft placita tenuerint de hiis que mere funt fpiritualia videlicet de corredtionibus quos Prelati faciunt pro mortali peccato videlicet fornicatione adulterio & hujufmodi pro quibus ali-quando infligitur pena corporalis aliquando pecu-niaria maxime ft convidlus fit de hiis liber homo.

Item ft Prelatus pro cimiterio non claufo ecclefia difcooperta vel non decenter ornata in quibus call-bus alia pena non poteftinfligi quam pecuniaria pe-nam imponat.

Item ft Rector petat decimam majorem vel mi-norem dummodo non petatur quarta pars alicujus ecclefie.

Item ft Redtor petat mortuarium in partibus ubi mortuar’ dari confueverit.

Item ft Prelatus alicujus ecclefie petat penfionem a Redtore fibi debitam omnes hujus penfiones faci-ende funt in foro ecclefiaftico.

De violenta manuum injedtione in clericum & in caufa diffamationis conceftum fuit alias quod placita

a 7'he following Memorandum being found on the Roll, it was thought proper to infert it here : Confimile flatutum de verbo ad verbum habent major’ Sr. cives Exon’. Memorand’quod llatutum prediftum confign’ fuit in forma fubferipta & liberatum Will’o de Bodcmynn* deferend' per ipfum communitati ville dc Loftwythiel. Edvvardu6 rex, &c. omnibus ad quos, &c. falutem. Infpeximus flatutum Mcrcatorum editum tempore domini E. quondam regis Angl’ patris noflri in hec verba Pur cco qe tnarebanz, See, Qnod quidem flatutum pro recognitlonibua juxta furmam ejufdem flatuti in villa de Loftwythiel accipiend* ad candcm villam duximus tranfmiuend\ In cujus, T, R. apud Leadin' tertio die Scptembr’ anno regni fui quintal

inde

Stat. 4,	119

A. D. 1285.	Anno decimo tertio Edwardi I.

Cotton MS. inde teneantur in Cur’ Chriftianitatis dummodo non petatur pecunia fed agatur ad correftionem peccati.

In omnibus iftis cafibus habet judex ecclefiafticus cognofcere regia prohibitione non obftante licet por-rigatur obquod impetrantlaici prohibitionemin ge-nere fuperdecima oblationibus mortuar’ redemptio-nibus penitentiarum violenta manuum injedlione in clericum & converfum & in caufa diffamationis in quibus cafibus agitur ad penam canonicam capiend’.

fuch Demands -are to be made in a Spiritual Court. 4-'Co.2o.Kel.39, (7) And for laying violent Hands on a Clerk, (8) “Ed'4-and in Caufe of Defamation, it hath been granted al- ti'°' ,3° ready, that it fhall be tried in a Spiritual Court, Breach of ail when Money is not demanded, but a Thing done Oath, for Punilhment of Sin, || and likewife for breaking an II Not 0rls-Oath. (9) In all Cafes afore rehearfea, the Spiritual	fur

‘ Judge fhall have Power to take Knowledge, notwith- CgH.e6 f. eg'.

‘ Handing the King’s Prohibition.’	11 h. 4. f. 8S.<

„	.	Regift. 36, 45,

Refpondit dominus Rex ad iftos articulos quod in decimis obventionibus oblationibus mortuar’ quando 5°» 5»> 57. agitur ut predidlum eft prohibitioni non eft locus. Et ft clericus vel Religiofus decimas fuas in horreo conr s*e '	483*'

gregatas vel alibi exiftentes vendiderit pro pecunia alicui & implacitetur in Cur’ Chriftianitatis locum habet wberea Corjul-regia prohibitio quia per venditiones res fpiritur.les funt temporales & fic tranfeunt decime in catallis.	taticn is grant-

Item ft contentio fit de jure decimarum originem habens de jure Patronatus & earum decimarum quantitas able. By 9Ed a, excedat quartam partem ecclefie locum habet regia prohibitio.	_	p

Item ft Prelatus imponat penam pecuniariam alicui pro peccato & petat illam pecuniam locum habet regia	{JJers

prohibitio ft coram Prelatis pecunia exigatur.	Tyfkes are de-

Item ft quis manus violentas injecerit in clericum pro pace domini Regis debent emende fieri coram Rege warded. pro excommunicatione vero coram Epifcopo & fiimponatur pena corporalis quam ft reus velit redimere dando Seefarther 9-Ed,-prelate vel lefo pecuniam poteft nec in talibus locus eft prohibitioni.	z’

In diffamationibus liberorum corrigant Prelati regia prohibitione non obftante licet porrigatur.	*	3*

fiat. 3. c. 5.	50	Ed. 3, c.4. and 2 ff. 5, fiat, it c. 3.-

Statuta Civitatis LONDON’ edit a apud Weftm’  Regis, Stat. 5. See Appendix^	Anno 13 Edw. I.-
Forma Conceffionis et exemplificationis Cartarum,	Anno 13 Edw. L
Stat. 6. See Appendix.	
STATUTUM EXONIE, 14 Edw. I.	See Appendix *
ARTICULI STATUTI EXONIE.	See Appendix..

Ordinatio. pro ftatu HIBERNIiE, made Anno 17 Edw. I; and-

Anno Dom. 1288. a

Ex Rot. in Turr. Eond-

EDWARD par la grace deDieu Roi dEngle.-terre feignurdlrlaund dues dAquitaine a touz ceux qi ceftes prefentes lettres verrount ou' orrount falutz.. Sachez qe a lamendement du. gueyement de noftre terre dfrlaund' a plus grant’ pees Sc tranquillite de noftre poeple en cele terre a; Notyngham as oytaves fel feint Martin lan de noftre regne , dis feptifme par. affent de noftre counfeil il-loeqs font les pointz foutzeferiz affentuz & accor-dez a fin qe eux foient tenuz &.fermement gardez .«n melfmela terre..

Tits is in. the Sccunda pars veterum Statu torum, fol. 75.

"HA DWARD,, by die Grace of God, King of “ jH England, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Jquitbin,

* to all thofe who fhall fee or hear thefe Letters, “ doth-fend Salutation.. Know you, that for the A-mendment of the Government of our Realm of Ire--“ land,, and for the Peace and Tranquillity of our Peo-“ pie of the fame Land, at Nottingham, the Odtaves “ of Saint Martin, in the Seventeenth Year of our “ Reign, by the Affent of our Council there being, the {< Points hereafter mentioned be made and agreed upon, . u to the Intent that they may be firmly obferved in the-' “ fame Realm.”

It is in-the Editions af Pulton-/w^ JCeble, but not in -Raftal.

c a p;.

120 Cap. i—4

A. D. 1288

Anno decimo feptimo Edwardi I.

'CAP. I.

The King’s Officers in Ireland ffiall purchafe no Land there without the King’s Licence.

<Y7'IRST, That the Juftice of Ireland, nor any " JP other Officer of ours of the fame Realm, fo long 4 as they are in our Service there, fhall purchafe any 4 Land or Tenement within the Lift or Bound of their 4 Bailiwicks, without our fpecial Licence : (2) And if 4 any do the contrary, that which he fhall purchafe 4 fhall accrue and be forfeit to us and our Heirs ; (3) 4 faring to the chief Lord of the Fee the Services due 4 and aceuftomed for the Lands and Tenements fo ac-* cruing and forfeit to us.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

PRimerement qe la Juftice dlrlaund ne nul autre noftre miniftre en cele terre tancom ils fount en nos offices illoeqs ne purchacent terre ne tenement dedeinz les liftes ou boundes de lour baillies faunz noftre congie efpeciale & ft nul face le con-traire ceo qil avera purchace foit encoru & forfait a nous & noz heirs fauve as chiefs feignurages de fee fervices dues & accuftumez de terres & tenementes iffint encuruz & forfaitz a nouz.

CAP. II.

In what Cafe only Purveyance may be made in Ireland.

6 ALSO, That neither our Juftice of Ireland, not 4 J~\ any other of our Officers there, by colour of 4 their Offices, fhall take Victuals, or any other 4 Things, of any Perfon againft his Will, but in Time x of Neceffity, for the common Profit of the Realm ; 4 and that then he fhall do it by the Advice and Afl'ent 4 of the greateft Part of our Council in thofe Parts, 4 and by a Writ awarded out of our Chancery of Ire-4 land; and in fuch Cafe as we or our Heirs do com-4 mand by a Writ awarded out of our Chancery of 4 England, or by other Warrants.’

ITEM qe noftre Juftice dlrlaund ne nul de noz autres miniftres iloeqs par colour de lour offices ne preignent vitailles ne autres chofes denuli contre fon gre horpris en cas de neceffite pur le comun profit de la terre & adunqs qe ceo ce face par lavis & laflent de plus grantz de noftre counfeil celes parties & par bref ne noftre Chancellerie dlrlaund & en cas qe nous ou noz heirs les commanderoms par brief de noftre Chauncellerie dEngleterre ou par noz autres lettres.

CAP. III.

i

Tranlporting of Merchandifes out of Ireland.

3.	‘	T\ AOreover, That none of our Juftices, nor any

c. 18. ’tbey-wbo4 JVJ, of our other Minifters, by colour of their Of-bave Lands in ‘ fice, fhall arreft Ships, nor other Goods of Strangers, Ireland may carry < or Gf our own People; (2) but that all Merchants 'hl'r and bring ‘ anr> others may carry their Corn, and other Victuals them back, &c. 4 and Merchandifes, forth of our Realm of Ireland unto 4 our Realm of England, and unto our Land of Wales, 4 (faving in the Cafe aforefaid) paying the Cuftoms 4 due and ufed, fo that they make good Security that 4 they fhall not go unto, nor commerce with our Ene-4 mies of Scotland, nor other of our Enemies, if any 4 fhall be. (3) And if any Juftice or other Officer do 4 the contrary in the Things aforefaid, and be thereof ,	4	attainted, he fhall fatisfie the Plaintiff double Da-

\vbUbis‘rrMtte' ‘ rnages, and alfo fhall be grievoufly punifhed by us.’ perpetualby 3 a Car, 2. c, 2.. §. z. repeali the 34 Ed. 3, c, 18, as to Irijb Cattle,

ITE M qe noftre dite Juftice ne nul de noz autres miniftres iloeqs par colour de lour office ne areftent nyefs ne autres biens des eftraunges ne des privez mez qe touz marchaunz & autres puiffent carier bledz & autres vitailles & marchandifes hors de noftre terre dlrlaund jefqs en noftre roialme dEngleterre & en noftre terre de Gales horpris en les cas fufditz fefauntz les cuftumes dues & ufeez iffint totes voies qil facent covenable feurte qil ne irrount ne ne communerent od noz enemis de Scoce ne noz autres enemis fi nul fuiffent. Et fi nul Juftice ou autre miniftre face le contrair des chofes fufdites & de ceo foit atteint face gre au pleintif de fes damages a double & jademeyns foit grevement puni devers nous.	.

CAP. IV.

The Fees of a Bill of Grace in Ireland.

4 T 7Ereafter there fhall be taken and paid for the * JL A Seal df our Juftice of Ireland, for every Bill of 4 Grace, ivd. and for the writing of every Bill, ii d, 4 and no more.’

ITem pur !e feal noftre Juftice dlrlaund de chefc-une bille de grace quater deniers & pur lefcrip-ture de chefcune bille deux deners defore foientpria & paiez & nient plus.

CAP,

C. 5 8.

121

Anno decimo feptimo E d wa rdi I

CAP. V.

The Marlhal’s Fee in Ireland.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud.

ITEM de celui qeft commaunde a la prifone par auftorite.de noftre Court quant il Terra dclivres quater deners foient pris pur le fee du marefchal & nient plus. Et fi parcas nul veigne encountre les chofes fufdites & deceo foit ateint a noftre feute ou a'feute de partie face gree a la partie & foit greve-meiit puny devers nous.

‘ AND there ftiall be taken of him which is com-‘ mitted to Prifon by Authority of our Court, ‘ when he {hall be delivered, ivd. for the Marfhal’s ‘ Fee, and no more. (2) And if any do offend the ‘ Ordinances aforefaid, and thereof be attainted at our

*	Suit, or the Suit of the Party, he {hall make Satis-‘ faftion to the Party, and be grievoully puniflied by

*	us.’

CAP. VI.

In what Cafes the Juftice of Ireland may grant Pardon of Felony, &c. and where not.

IT EM qe nul pardoun de la feute de noftre pees purmortde homme ne a autre felonie ne tui-cion pur celui qi Terra des tieux felonies rette ou endite ne foit fait ne graunte defore par notre Juftice dlrlaund fur feales de noftre feal iloeqs fantz efpecial commaundment de nous meifmes defouz afeuns de noz feals dEngleterre fauve qe noftre dite juftice & noftre Chaunceller dlrlaund ove lavifement de noftre Counfeil dlrlaund puiflent faire pardon des felonies faites devant la date de ceftes folunc ce qe pur noftre honur & profit & pees & tranquilite de noftre poe-ple illoeqs veient qe fait a faire & folom le com-maundement qils evount de nous Iflint totes voies qe des felonies qe fe ferount defore nul pardoun fe face ne tuicion foit grauntie fanz efpecial com-mandementde nous meifmes fi com delus eft dit.

‘ A ND that no Pardon from henceforth {hall be c Jy granted by our Juftice of Ireland, of. the Suit c of our Peace for the Death of a Man, nor for other ‘ Felony, nor *for flying for the fame, to them which « Not in Orig. c {hall be accufed or indifted of fuch Felonies; (2) Read nor Pro-c nor {hall be fealed with our Seal there, without the ‘ fpecial Commandment of us ourfelves under fome of 'Sc‘

‘ our Seals of England-, faving that our faid Juftice of c Ireland, and our Chancellor of Ireland, with the Ad-‘ vice of our Council of Ireland, may grant Pardon of ‘ Felonies committed before the Date hereof, as they ‘ fhall perceive it may ftand with our Honour and Pro-* fit, and Peace and Tranquillity of our People there, c and with the Commandment which they have re-‘ ceived from us; (3) fo always that there be no Par-•* don or Protection granted of thofe Felonies which ‘ fhall be hereafter committed, without the fpecial Com-4 mandment of us ourfelves, as is aforefaid.’

cap. vii; y

By what Seal Writs in Ireland fhall be fealed.

ITEM qe nul brief original pledable a la commune lei ne foit refeeu par nul de noz miniftres forfqe briefs feale defouz noftre grant Seal dlrlaund ne nul proces fait par autre brief fauve qe par noftre Seal de noftre Efcheqer dlrlaund des chofes tochantz cele place foit fait auffi come doit eftre fait de refon & folonc ceo qe cea eu arers ad efte acuftumee.

‘ A ND that none of our Officers {hall receive an ‘ /l original Writ pleadable at the Common Law, c but fuch as be fealed by the Great Seal of Ireland; ‘ (2) nor any Ptocefs {hall be made by any other Writ ‘ faving that by our Seal of our Exchequer of Ireland, ‘ of Things touching that Court, it {hall be done as by Reafon it ought to be, and according as it hath been ‘ heretofore accuftomed.’

CAP. VIII. Adjournment of A Fifes in Ireland. '

IT EM qe noftre Juftice de la dite terre par fes briefs ou lettres ne targe ne ajorne aflife de No-Vele diffeifine devaunt lui forfqe en le conte ou il ferra prefent & tancome il demorra en meifme le ^onte. En tefmoignaunce de quele chofe nous avoms fait faire ceftes noz lettres overtes. Don a Notingham le xxiv. jour de Novembr’ lan de noftre regne dis feptifme.

c ITEM, That our Juftice of the fanie Realm {hall c 1 not by his Writs or Letters delay or adjourn any c Affife of Novel dijfeifln before him, but in the County ‘ where he fhall be prefent, and during that Time as c he {hall remain in the fame County. In Witnefs ‘ whereof we have caufed thefe our Letters Patents to ‘ be made. Dated at Nottingham the four and twentieth Day of November, the feventeenth Year of our ‘ Reign.’

‘ • !•

JR	Th(	■	■	\

. ’ * *

Vot. I,

122

Stat. i,

Anno decimo o&avo Edwardi I.

A. D. r2go

"the Statute of WESTMINSTER the Third, viz. Quia emptores terra-rum, made Anno i8Edw. I. Stat. r. and Anno Dom. 1290.

C A P. I.

The Feoffee fhall hold his Land of the chief Lord, and not of the Feoffor.

3 Roll ic6. “ IT'’'Orafmuch as Purchafers of Lands and Tene-44	ments	of	the Fees of great Men and other

“ ■“" Lords, have many Times heretofore entered “ into their Fees, to the Prejudice of the Lords, to 44 whom the Freeholders of fuch great Men have fold 54 their Lands and Tenements to be holden in Fee of 44 their Feoffors, and not of the chief Lords of the 44 Fees, whereby the fame chief Lords have many 44 Times loft their Efcheats, Marriages, and Ward-44 fhips of Lands and Tenements belonging to their 44 Fees; which Thing feemed very hard and extream 44 unto thofe Lords and other great Men, and moreo-44 ver in this Cafe manifeft Difheritance:” 4 (2) Our 4 Lord the King, in his Parliament at IVeJlminJler, af-4 ter Eq/ier, the eighteenth Year of his Reign, that is 4 to wit, in the Quinzime of Saint ‘John Baptijl, at the 4 Inftance of the great Men of the Realm, granted, i’;rr. Avcwry, 4 provided, and ordained, That from henceforth it 10S, 185,155. 4 fhall be lawful to every Freeman to fell at his own 4 Pleafure his Lands and Tenements, or Part of them, 4 fo that the Feoffee fhall hold the fame Lands or Te-32Car. 2. c.24.4 ncments of the chief Lord of the fame Fee, by fuch Taies awyjttdal- ‘ Service and Cuftoms as his Feoffor held before.’

Services.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

OUIA emptores terrarum & tenementorum de feodis Magnatum & aliorum in prejudicium eorumdem temporibus retroacxis multotiens in feodis fuis fint ingrefft quibus libere tenentes eorumdem Magnatum & aliorum terras & tenementa fua vendiderunt tenenda in feodo fibi & heredibus fuis de feoffatoribus fuis & non de Capitalibus do-minis feodorum per quod iidem Capitales domini efcaetas maritagia & cuftodias terrarum & tenementorum de feodis fuis exiftentium fepius amife-runt quod eifdem Magnatibus & aliis dominis quam plurimis durum & difficile videbatur H fimiliter in hoc cafu exheredatio manifefta Dominus Rex in parliamento fuo apud Weftm’ poft Pafcha Anno Regni fui decimo odtavo videlicet in quindena fandff Johannis Baptifte ad inftantiam Magnatum regni fui conceffit providit h ftatuit quod de cetero liceat unicuique libero homini terram fuam feu tenemen-tum feu partem inde pro voluntate fua vendere. Ita tamen quod feoffatus teneat terram illam feu te-nementum de Capitali domino per eadem fervicia & confuetudines per que feoffator fuus illa.prius te-nuit.

C A P. II.

If Parc of the Land be fold, the Services fha 1 be apportioned.

Dyerigj. 4 A ND if he fell any Part of fuch Lands.or Tene-Fitz. Avowry, ‘ £~ ^ ments to any, the Feoffee fhall immediately Fitz Herriot^i C h °f f'le chief Lord, and fhall be forthwith Br^. Tenures’ 4 charged with the Services, for fo much as pertaineth, 2. 6;.	’	c' or ought to pertain to the faid chief Lord for the fame

6 Co. i.	4 Parcel, according to the Quantity of the Land or

8 Co. 105.	«. Tenement fo fold, (z) And fo in this Cafe the fame

a7?j8- 'A6, c' Part of the Service fhall remain to the Lord, to be aUift.5^3.’ 4°' ‘“taken by the Hands of the Feoffee, for the which he 4 ought to be attendant and anfwerable to the fame 4 chief Lord, according to the Quantity of the Land 4 or Tenement fold for the Parcel of the Service fo due.’

T?T fi partem aliquam earumdem terrarum & te-JSA, nementorum alicui vendiderit feoffatus illam teneat immediate de Capitali domino & oneretur ftatim de fervicio quantum pertinet five pertinere debet eidem Capitali domino pro particula ilia fe-cundum quantitatem terre feu tenementi venditi & fic in hoc cafu decidat Capitali domino ipfa pars fervicii per manum feoffati capienda ex quo feoffatus debet eidem Capit hi domino juxta quantita-tem terre feu tenementi venditi de particula ilia fervicii ftc debiti efle intendens & refpondens.

C A P. III.

No Feoffment fhall be made to affure Land in Mortmain.

9. Inft. 504.

4 A ND it is to be underftood, that by the faid 4 ii Sales or Purchafes of Lands or Tenements, or 4 any Parcels of them, fuch Lands or Tenements fhall 4 in no wife come into Mortmain, either in Part or in ‘•Whole, neither by Policy ne Craft, contrary to the 4 Form of the Statute made thereupon of lafe. (2)

4 And it is to wit, that this Statute extendeth but only 4 to Lands holden in Fee-fimple; (.3) and that it ex-4 tendeth to the Time coming, and it fhall begin to 4 take Effect at. the Feaft of Saint Andrew the Apoftle 4 next coming. Given the eighteenth Year of the ‘ Reign of King Edivard> Son to King Henry.’’

Add 7 Ed. l.ftat. 2. l^Ed. 1. flat* 1. c. 32. and $$Ed. I. fat. 3. And fee 18 Ed* 3. flat, in Mortmain. 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 8. permitting them to fpiritual Corporations.	39	Elite,	c,	5.

benefit of the Poor,	7 & 8 JV. 3. c. 37 empowering the Crown to grant Licences to alien	in

• For c. 1%. RcaJ 3^'

9 H. 3 3*

flat, 2.

ET feiendum eft quod per predi&as venditiones feu emptiones terrarum feu tenementorum feu partis alicujus eorumdem nullo modo poffunt terre feu tenecnenta ilia in parte vel in toto ad manum. mortuam devenire arte vel ingenio contra formal* ftatuti dudum fuper hoc editi. Et feiendum eft quod iftud.ftatutum tenet locum, de terris venditis tenendis in feodo fimpliciter tantum & quod fe ex-tendit ad tempus futurum Et incipiet locum tenere ad Feftum Sandti Andree Apoftoli proxime futu-

3.^.3.	i$R.z.c.$.	23	H. S. e. jo. refraining Alienations

21 foe. I, e. I. 1 3 & 14 Car. 2. e. 12. permitting * tbfin for the Mortmain, And 9 Geo. c. 36. refraining Gifts in Mortmain by Will-

The.

Anno decimo o&avo Edwardi I,

Stat. 2.

123

The Statute of Quo Warranto, made Anno 18 Edw. I. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1 290.

How they fhall hold their Liberties which claim them by Prefcription or Grant. A Quo Warranto fhall be pleaded and determined before Juftices in Eyre.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

OUIA brevia de quo Warranto & etiam ju-dicia fuper placitis eorumdem brevium red-denda diutinamceperuntdilationem co quod Juftic’ in judiciis illis reddcnd’ de voluntate domini Regis non fuerunt hucufque certiorati idem domi-nus ad Parliamentum fuum poftPafcha apudWeftm’ anno regni fui decimo oftavo de gratia fua fpeciali & etiam propter affeftionem quam habet crga Pre-latos Comites Barones & ceteros de regno fuo con-ceffit quod omnes de regno fuo quicumque fuerint tam viri religiofi quam alii qui per bonam inquifi-tionem patrie autalio modo fufficienti vcrificare po-terint quod ipfi & eorum antecefTores vel predecef-fores ufi fuerint libertatibus quibufcumque de qui-bus per brevia fuerint implacitati ante tempus Regis Ricardi confanguinei fui aut toto tempore fuo & hucufque fine interruptione continuarunt & ita quod libertatibus illis non fint abufi quod partes ad-jornentur ulterius coram eifdem juftic’ ufque ad certum diem & rationabilem infra quern dominum Regem adire poffint cum recordo Juftic’ fub figillo fuo & redire & dominus Rex ftatum eorum affir-mabit per literas fuas. Et illi qui non poterunt feifinam anteceflbrum feu predeceflorum fuorum verificare modo quo prediftum eft deducantur &c judicentur fecundum legem communem. Et illi qui habent cartas regales fecundum cartas illas earum plenitudinem judicentur,

Pretcrea dominus Rex xie gratia fua fpeciali con-ceflit quod omnia judicia que reddita funt in placitis de quo Warranto per Juftic’ fuos apud Weftm’ poft Pafcha prediftum & pro ipfo domino Rege fi partes que amiferunt ad ipfum dominum Regent revenire voluerint tale habebunt remedium de gratia domini Regis ficut fuperius eft concefl'um. Con-ceffit etiam idem dominus Rex ad parcand’ mifis & expenfis populi de regno fuo quod placita de quo Warranto de cetero placitentur & terminentur in itineribus Juftic’ & quod placita adhuc pendentia readjornentur in fingulis fuis Com’ ufque adventum Juftic’ in partibus illis, 01 qubd interim poft adjor-nationem lie faftam remaneant fine die.

“ TT'^Oiafmuch as Writs of Quo Warranto, and alfo z in ft. 594.

“ n Judgements given upon Pleas of the fame, were Fitz. Brief, 880. 44	greatly	delayed,	becaufe	the Juftices in giving KeI- *37. *c-

44 Judgement were not certified of the King’s Pleafure Br°; ar* “ therein;” 4 (z) our Lord the King, at his Parliament	3>

‘ holden at Wefminfer, after the Feaft of Eafer, the Bro.’prefcrip-4 eighteenth Year of his Reign, of his fpecial Grace, tion, 10,14,18, 4 and for the Affedtion that he beareth unto his Pre- 3*. 33. 34. 5*> 4 lates, Earls, and Barons, and other of his Realm, fl’gg’1057’,'Js. ‘ hath granted, That all under his Allegiance, what- Brol FrencMfe,

* foever they be, as well fpiritual as other, which can 4, 10, 14, zi,

4 verify by good Enqueft of the Country, or otherwife, *6, 37.

‘ that they and their Anceftors or Predeceflors have ufed E^^btnies ‘ any Manner of Liberties, whereof they were im- byVprefcrTptTon ‘ pleaded by the faid Writs, before the Time of King /bail enjoy 4 Richard our Coufin, or in all his Time, and have them.

‘ continued hitherto (fo that they have not mifufed 4 fuch Liberties) that the Parties fhall be adjourned 4 further unto a certain Day reafonable before the fame 4 Juftices, within the which they may go to our Lord 4 the King with the Record of the Juftices, figned with 4 their Seal, and alfo return ; and our Lord the King,

4 by his Letters Patents, fhall confirm their Eftate.

4 (3) And they that cannot prove the Seifin of their 4 Anceftors or PredecefTors in high Manner as is before 4 declared, fhall be ordered and judged after the * Law * Read after the 14 and Ctt/lom of the Realm-, (4) and fuch as have th z Common Law.

4 King’s Charter fhall be judged according to their 4 Charters.	'	'	■	,

4 II. Moreover, the King of his fpecial Grace hath Liberties by the 4 granted, that all Judgements that are to be given in Keg’s Grant.

4 Pleas of Quo Warranto, by his Juftices at We/lmin- F'tz’ Comifanee, 4 Jler, afterthe forefaid Eajler, for our Lord the King ’ ’ K’ * ’

4 himfelf, if the Parties grieved will come again before 46) 51’ 54!

4 the King, he of his Grace fhall give theni fucii Re- 60, hi, 62, 63,

4 medy as before is mentioned. (.2) Alfo our faid Lord (A-4 the King hath granted, for fparing of the Cofts and 4 Expences of the People of his Realm, that Pleas of 4 Quo Warranto from henceforth fhall be pleaded and Where Pleas 4 determined in the Circuit of the Juftices, and that of Quo war-4 all Pleas now depending fhall be adjourned into their 4 own Shires, until the coming of the Juftices into 4 tbofe Parts.’	‘	34	'

Another new Statute of Quo Warranto, Stat. 3. made the fame Tear to

that Effect. a

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

PUR ceo brief qeft dit quo Waranto eftablift noftre Scign’ le Roi le jour de la Pentecoft lan de fon regne xviii. qe touz ceux qi clei-ment avoir quite poflefhon des fraunchifcs avantle temps le Roi Richard faunz interrupcion & ceo

4 ^""^Onceming the Writ that is called Quo War- Liberties by 4 J , rants, our Lord the King, at the Feaft of Pen- Prefcription o< 4	tecof,	in the eighteeth Year of his Reign, hath the King’s

4 eftablifhed. That all thofe which claim to have quiet Grant’

4 Pofleffion of any Franchife before the Time of King

* This is taken from the Setunda fart veterum Stautorum, and is inferted in the Editions of Mr. Juflrite Rada!, &c,

R 2

4 Richard

1 24

Rail. 540. .

Star. 3,	Anno	decimo	o&avo	Edwardi	I,	A.	D.	1290.

,* Richard, without Interruption, and can fhew the 4 fame by a lawful Enqueft, fhall well enjoy their Pof-4 feffion; (2) and in cafe that fuch Poffeflion be de-4 manded for Caufe reafonable, our Lord the King 4 fhall confirm it by Title. (3) And thofe that have 4 old Charters of Franchife, mail have the fame Char-4 ters adjudged according to the Tenor and Form of 4 them. (4) And thofe that have loft their Liberties 4 fith Eajler laft puffed by the forefaid Writ, accord-4 ing to the Courfe of Pleading in the fame Writ here-4 tofore ufed, fhall have Reftitution of their Franchife 4 loft, and from henceforth they fhall have according 4 to the Nature of this prefent Conftitution.’

Cotton MS. puiffent monftrer per bone enquefte bien fe joient de cele poffeffion. Et fi celle pofl'eflion foit de-maunde per raifon noftre Seign’ le Roi le confer-mera per title Et ceux qi ount veuz chartres des fraunchifes ferrount les chartres ajuggez felonc la tenure Sc la fourme de mefmes celes chartres. Et ceux qi ount perdu lour fraunchifes puis le Pafqe darrein St per lavantdit brief en la fourme avant ufe en plee del avantdit brief eient reftirucion de lour fraunchifes perduz St derechief pledent felonc la nature de laprefente conftitucion.

Modus levandi Fines, Anno i8Edw. I. Stat. 4. Anno Dom. 1290.

The Manner of levying of Fines : What Things be requifite to make them good, and who are

bound by them.

a’ Inft. 510.

5 Co."'9.

The Order of levying of a Fine.

* Or Who will give ? Sir, R.

Raft. 349.

The Foim of a Fine._

What Things be requifite to inake a Fine good.

27 Ed. 1. fiat. 1.

c. 1.

"f Elfcwhere.

"What Perfon fhdll be concluded by a Fine. iR. 3. c.7.

4 H. 7. c, 24. 4Cc. 5.

4 Ed. 3. f 46.

15 Ed. 2. flal. of Carlifte, requiting Cortufor to aj.fear ferfo-naUyy if abli. For tie Dodrine of Finn fee far-tbery 34 Ed, 3. c. 16. 5//.4 C,l4. 32 //. 3. c, 36. 1 Mar. fiat, 2.

* TTI[7F1I£N the Writ original is delivered in Pre-4 W fence of the Parties before Juftices, a Plea-4	*	* der fhall fay this, Sir Juftice, Conge, de ac-

4 carder; (z) and the'Juftice fhall fay to him, * What 4 faith Sir R. and fhall name one of the Parties. (3) 4 Then, when they be agreed of the Sum of Money 4 that muft be given to the King, then the Juftice fhall 4 fay, Cry the Peace. (4) And after the Pleader fhall 4 fay. In Jo much as Peace is licenfed thus unto you W. S. 4 and A. his Wife, that here be, do acknowledge the Ma-4 nor of B. with the Appurtenances contained in the Writ, 4 to be the Right of our Lord the King, which he hath of 4 their Gift, ($) to have and to hold to him and his Heirs, 4 of the faid W. and A. and the Heirs of A. as in De-4 means. Rents, Seigniories, Courts, Pleas, Pur chafes, 4 Wards, Marriages, Reliefs, Efcheats, Mills, Advow-4 fans of Churches, and all other Franchifes and free Cu-4 floms to the faid Manor belonging, paying yearly to R. 4 and his Heirs, as chief Lords of the Fee, the Services 4 and Cufloms due for all Services. (6) And it is to be 4 noted. That the Order of the Law will not fuffer a 4 final Accord to be levied in theKing’sCourt without a 4 Writ original, and that muft be at the leaft before Four 4 Juftices in the Bench, or in Eyre, and not + other-4 wife, and in Prefence of the Parties named in the 4 Writ which muft be of full Age, of good Memory, 4 and out of Prifon. (7) And if a Woman Covert be 4 one of the Parties, then fhe muft be firft examined 4 by Four of the faid Juftices; and if fhe doth not af-4 fent thereunto, the Fine fhall not be levied. (8) And 4 the Caufe wherefore fuch Solemnity ought to be done 4 in a Fine, is, becaufe a Fine is fo high a Bar, of fo 4 great Force, and of fo ftrong Nature in itfelf, that it 4 concludeth not only fuch as be Parties and Privies 4 thereto, and their Heirs, but all other People of the 4 World, being of full Age, out of Prifon, of good 4 Memory, and within the Four Seas, the Dav of the 4 Fine levied, (9) if they make not their Claim of 4 their Adtion within a Year and a Day by the Coun-4 try/

c. 7.

«3 Etix. e. 3. All ^shtn.c. 16. * ‘5-

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

OUANT le brief original foit lieu en prefence des parties devant Juftices Donqes dirra un countour iffint Sire Juftice conge daccorder Le Juftice luy dirra Que durra Sire Robt St nomera un des' parties dount quant ils ferrount une gent tie la fomme de la peccune qeft done au Roi donqes dirra la Juftice criez la pees & puis dirra le countour iffint Qe la pees eft ycele a voz congez qe William & Alice fa femme qe cy fount reconiffent le manoir de B. ove les appertenantz contenuz en le brief eftre droit de R. come cel qil ad de le doun a aver & tenir a luy St fes heirs de William & Alice & a les heirs Alice come en de-meigne rentes feigneries countes plees purchaces gardes manages reliefs efehetes molours Avoefouns deglifes & toute auters fraunchifes & fraunks cu-ftumes a lavantdit manoir appertenauntz rendant per an a Robt St A fes heirs a chief feignerages de fee fervices dues Sc cuftumee pur touts fervices. Et fait affavoir qe ordre de ley ne fuffre mie qe finale accorde foit leve en la courte le Roi faunz brief original St ceo a tote le meins devant quatre Juftices en Baunk ou en Eire St nounpas aillours et en prefence des parties nomez en le brief qe font de pleine age & de bone memorie St hors au prifone. Et fi femme covert de Baroun foit une des parties donqe covient qele foit primerement confeffe des quatre Juftices avantditz Et fi ele ne fent la fine ne fe Ievera mye Et la caufe pur quoi tiele fo-lempnite doit eftre faite en cele fine qe fine eft fi haute bare & de fi graunt force & de fi puiflaunt nature en foi qel forclos nemye foulement ceux qi fount parties & prives a la fine & lour heirs mes touz auters gentz du monde qe fount de plein age hors du prifone de bone memorie St dedeinz les quaters meers le jour de la fine leve fils ne met-trount lour clayme de lour action fur la pie dedeinz lan & le jour.

Tbt

Anno vicefimo Edward 1 I.

Stat. 1.	125

7he Statute of Vouchers, made Anno 20 Edw. I. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dom. 1292.

In a Plea of Land the Tenant voucheth, and the Demandant counterpleadeth.

Cotton MS. Vcftafian, B. 7.

CUM'tenens in placito terre vcl ten’ tempo-ribus retroaftis vocaverit aliquem ad War-rantum & petens fuper hoc verificare volu-erit quod nec vocatus nec aliquis anteceflorum fuo-rum a tempore.feifine nnteceir. ipfius petentis fue-rit in feifiua de tenements prediftis nec in domi-nico nec in fervitio fi ille vocatus ad Warrantum prefens fuerit & gratis tenenti warrantizare voluerit predifta verificacio petentis admitti non confuevit litfi vocatus abfens fuerit & hoc ratione cujufdam ftatuti domini Regis nuper editi inter cetera prima ftatuta'Weftin’.

Propter quod dominus Rex animadvertens frau-dem deceptionem & malitiam & etiam dampnum fuum & exhereditatiouem corone fue in cafu pre-difto in Curia fua multotiens pofle intervenire & ifto die intervenerit cum quidam tenentes de ipfo domino Rege in capite per baroniam integram in quodam placito pendente coram Juftic’ de banco vocaverint ad Warrantum de demanda particula-riter quofdam garconfcs ignotos & extriineos quos prefentes duxerint & quorum anteceflores aut ip-fimet nunquam in terris que warrantizaverint ali-quod jus habuerint aut in aliquibus terris aut tenementis aliis in regno fuo neque in dominico ne-que in fervicio prout a diverfis domini Regis fideli-bus teftatur ut per cautelam illam fraudem & ma-liciam ipfi per baroniam tenentes auferre poflent domino Regi inifericordiamfuam in quam incide-rint fi petentes demandam fuam recuperarent.

Et fimiliter cum garcones warrantizaverint videlicet quilibet de portione quam warrantizaverit poflunt fe defendere per corpus fervientis provifi & condufti per ipfos baroniam tenentes & lie fuper unobrevi de una demanda jam fuerint duo vel tria du -ellavadiata quod durum eflet&exemplum pernicio-fum tempore futuro pro pauperibus petentibus verfus magnates & divites qui fe per maliciam prediftam defendere voluerint ncc petens contra diftos warran-tos qui vocati fuerunt verificationem fuam in forma predifta habere poffet eo quod ipfi vocati prefentes fuerint & gratis warrantizaverint; de confdio fuo communi ftatuit St confirmavit, quod de cetero videlicet a fefto fanfti Hilarii anno regni fui xx’ Sc precepit obfervari; quod quicumque tenens aliquem vocaverit ad Warrantum & petens in forma predifta verificare voluerit, admittatur ejus verifi-catio five vocatus fuerit abfens five prefens, nullo habito refpeftu ad ejus prefentiam vel abfentiam.

WHEREAS the Tenant impleaded in a Plea Voucher.

of Land * heretofore had vouched to War- »'Add«-7'<w-ranty, and thereupon the Demandant would ment-aver, that neither he that is vouched, nor any of his Anceftors (fince the Time that the Ariceftor of :the Demandant was feifed) was in Poffellion of the laid Lands, neither in Demean nor in Service, (2) if the Party vouched were prefent, and would war- Vouched, rantife the’Land freely unto the Tenant, fuch Averment of the Demandant hath not been ufed to be admitted, unlefs the Party vouched had been abfent, arid that by Reafon of a certain Statute. of the King’s lately made amongft other Statutes of Weft. 1..	3	Ed. 1. c.40.

“ II. Whetefore:our Lord the King, confidering the in Plea of Land

Fraud, Deceit, and Malice, and alfo his own Da- the Tenant mage, and Difherifon of his Crown, that in the faid voucheth one Cafe hath many Times happened in this Court, and Lrefe,lt’. a"d the daily doth, whereas fome holding of the King in coeu™e"pi"adeth-chief by a whole Barony, in a Plea hanging before the Voucher.-the Juftices of the Bench, upon their Demand do vouch particularly, bafe Perfonsunknown and Strangers (which they will bring forth) and of whom neither they nor their Anceftors had ever any Thing in the Lands that they warranted, nor in any other Lands or Tenements within this Realm, neither in Demean nor in Service, as hath been teftified by divers of the King’s faithful Subjcfts ; (2) fo that by /fuch Cautel, Fraud, and Malice, the fame Tenants, , holding by an entire Barony, do defraud the King of 'the Amerciament that they fhould incur, if the Demandant fhould recover againft them.

“ IK. And likewife when fuch bafe Perfons have warranted, that is to wit, every one for his Portion that he ought to warrant, he may defend himfelf by the Body of his Servant procured and hired by them that hold Baronies, and fo upon one Writ and one Demand there were two or three Wagers of Battail,. the which was a hard and perilous Example for poor Men in Time coming, that Ihall be Demandant's againft great and rich Men, which will defend them--felves by the Malice aforefaid; (2) and the Demand- Averment, ant cannot have his Averment againft fuch Warrantors, when they be vouched in Form aforefaid, be-caufe they be prefent, and will warrantife freely (3) By his Common Council hath ordained, and F!tz< Voucher, from henceforth, that is to fay, from the Feaftof St. 275'

Hilary, the Twentieth Year of his Reign, he hath

commanded to be obferved, that when the Tenant

doth vouch any to Warranty, and the Demandant

will aver in Form before rehearfed, his Averment'

fhall be admitted, whether the Party vouched be ab —py

fent or prefent, without any Refpeft had unto his 1. c. is. , w-w-

Abfence or Prcfencc.l	IhatL	'b*

cf'vea that Vouchee is dead.

A Statute

, 't . ,	’

126 Stat. 2.

Anno vicefimo Edwardi I.

A. D. 1292,

Not» Statute. Maynard Ed. 2. 231.

*3 Ed. i. flat. I c. J4-

A Statute of Wafte, made Anno 20 Edw. I. Stat. 2. and Anno Dom.

1292.

Tenant for Life committeth Wafte, he in the Reverfion brought an A&ion of Wade, and dieth before Judgment, his Heir brought an Action for the fame Wafte.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

WlLLELMUS le Botiller qui infra etatem eft & in cuftodia domini Regis monftravit domino Regi quod cum Gawynus le Bo-tiller frater ejus cujus her.es ipfe eft implacitaflet Walterum de Hopton’per breve domini Regis de vafto & deftruccione fadtis per ipfum in quibufdam terris & ten’ fuis que idem Walterus tenuit ad ter-minum vite fue de hereditate predidti Gawyni in W. & Tirlegh’ Et Gawynus antequam judicium executus fuilfet oblit poft cujus mortem prediftus Willelmus per confimile breve predidtum Willel-, mum de predidlis vafto Sc deftruccione fadtis per multum tempus implacitaverit Idem Willelmus coram Gilberto de Thornton’ Sc fociis fuis ad Placita ejufdem domini Regis afiignatis venit Sc dixit quod non debet ipfo Willelmo de vafto & deftruccione factis tempore alieno refpondere deficut nichil de hereditate predicta ei defendebat Sc fuper hoc petiit judicium Et quia quidem Juftic’ de reddicione predidti judicii'non concordarunt prout quibufdam videbatur quod non eflet juri confonum fi per pre-didtum breve quod eft quoddam breve de tranfgref-fione certe perfone fadta ft altera perfona commo-dum aut emendasconfequaturquam eadem perfona cui Sc in cujus tempore tranfgreffio fadta fuerit Aliis autem Juftic’ & majori parte totius Anglie de confilio domini Regis in contraria opinione exi-ftentibus Sc per diverfas rationes aflerentibus quod predidtus Willelmus inde audiri deberet Sc refpon-deri & aliis quandocumque in cafibus confimilibus Sc in cafu confiritili res permanferunt non emendate Sc tranfgreflores impuniti quod eflet inconve-

Repft. 73.

2 Roll Abr. z4, pi. g» 82,51

ILLIAAd BUTLER, which is within Age, and in Ward of our Lord the King, hath fhewed unto his Highnefs, that where “ Gaivin Butler his Brother (whole Heir he is) had “ impleaded one Walter de Hapeton by the King’s “ Writ, for Wafte and Deftrudtion made by him the “ faid Walter in certain his Lands and Tenements, “ which the fame Walter held for Term of his Life* “ of the Inheritance of the forefaid Gawin in Wimme “ and Thirke; and the forefaid Gawin, before he had “ obtained judgement, died, after whofe Death the “ forefaid William bj- like Writ impleaded the forefaid “ Walter for the Wafte and Deftrudtion made by him “ of long Time. The fame Walter, before Gilbert “ Thornton and his Companions affigned to hear the “ King’s Pleas, came in, and faid, that he ought not to “ anfwer to the fame William for the Wafte and De-“ ftrudtion made in the Time of another, before the “ Right of the faid Inheritance defeended unto him, “ and thereupon demanded Judgement. (2) And for-afmuch as certain Juftices did not agree in giving of “ the faid Judgement, becaufe it feemed to fome that “ it Ihould not be agreeable to the Law, that any Per-ii foil Ihould obtain Advantage and Recompence by the “ forefaid Writ, which is a Writ of Trefpafs done to “ a Perfon certain, but only the fame Perfon to whom “ and in whofe Time the Trefpafs was done; (3) “ other Juftices, with the more Part of the King^6 “ Council, were in the contrary Opinion, alledging <c by divers Reaibns, that the laid William ought to be “ heard and anfwered unto, and all other whatfoever “ they be, in like Cafes or in like Trefpaflcs: And be-“ caufe like Matters have remained not amended, and “ Trefpaftes unpunilhed., which was inconvenient ‘ II.. Wherefore our Lord the King, in his full Pa-liament holden the Day after the Feaft of the Puri-

*	fcation, in the Twentieth Year of his Reign, by a A general Council hath ordained, and from henceforth ‘ hath commanded to be ftraitly obferved, That every ■* Heir (in whofe Ward foever he be, and as well with-1 in Age as .of full Age) Ihall have his Recovery by a

*	Writ of Wafte in the forefaid Cafe, and alfo in other ‘ where the fame Writ ought to hold Place ; (2) and ‘ jt Ihall hold Place as well for Wafte and Deftrudtion

made in Lands and Tenements of his own Inheri-‘ tance, and as well in the Times of his Anceftors, as

*	at any other Time that the Fee and Inheritance de-

*	feended unto him, and Ihall be anfwered unto there-

*	fore,; (3) and that he Ihall recover the Tenements

*	wafted, and Damages, as it is ordained in the Second , ‘ Sta-tute of Wejlminfter, of Damages to be recovered

‘ in a Writ of Wafte, if the Tenant be convidl of ‘ Wafte. (4) And it is commanded by the Kinghim-

*	felf unto the fame Gilbert Thornton and his Compa-‘ nions, that they do proceed in the forefaid Matter, ‘ and in otherlike from henceforth, and Judgement

*	Ihall be given according as the Matter is found. (5) And likewife it iscommanded unto the Juftices, that

‘ they Ihall caufe all the forefaid Things to be ftraitly

oblerved before them from henceforth Set ) 1 11, C, c. 5- ivlitre U'ajlc is mairtloinoble egain/1 * Tenant tvbo grants over bit EJfote and tahei the Profit,

mens.

Dominus Rex habito tra&atu diligent! in pleno parliamento fuo in Craftino Pur’ beate Marie Anno regni fui vicefimo de communi confilio ftatuit & extunc juffit firmiter obfervari, quod heres in cu-jufcumque cuftodia fuerit Si tarn pleneetatis quam infra etatem habeat fuum recuperare per breve de vafto in cafu preditfto & aliis cafibus ubi breve il-lud locum habeat tam de vafto & deftruccione fadtis .in terris & ten. de hereditate fua temporibus Ante-ceflbrum quam a tempore quo jus & feodum herc-ditatis ei defeendebant & ei refpondeatur Si quod recuperet ten’ vaftata & dampna prout ftatuitur in ultimo ftatuto Weftm’ de dampnis recuperandis li tenens de vafto convincatur Et preceptum eft per ipfum dominum Regem Gilberto de Thornton’ Sc fociis fuis quod in loquela predifla Sc confimilibus procedant Sc fecundum quod inveniri contigerit judicium reddant. Et limiliter preceptum eft aliis Juftic’ quod hoc idem coram eis de cetero faciant firmiter obfervari.

Tht

127

A.D. 1292.	Anno	vicefimo	Edvvardi	I.	Stat.	3.

The Statute De Defenfione Juris, made 20 Edw. I. Stat. 3. and Anno

D'om. 1292.

Where a Stranger coming in by a collateral Title, not Party to the Suit, fhall be received.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

CU M quis per breve domini Regis petat tene-menta verfus tenentem per legem Anglie per feodum talliatum nomine dotis vel alio modo ad terminum vite'vel arinorum & petens tan-tum fuerit profecutus quod tenementa fint quafi admittenda & fibi adjudicanda & fuper hoc vene-rit ante judicium redditum aliquis a latere dicens fe habere feodum & jus in tenementis illis & Curie fupplicaverit quod ex quo ante judicium venerit tenementum fuum defenfurus & paratus inde pe-tenti refponfurus quod ad hoc admittatur racione cujufdam ftatuti domini Regis nunc inter cetera ultima ftatuta Weftm’ editi per quod ftatutum tarn nullum jus habentes quam illi qui jus habuerunt multotiens in cafu predidlo falfo & in deceptionem Curie fupervenerunt & petierunt fe admitti re-fponfuros ut per admiffionem fuam poflent peten-tes de novo implacitare & fic petentes in Curia Regis in cafu predifto fepius elongantur jure fuo per maliciam fupradidfam de ftatuto predidfo' fu-pervenientem quam ex jufta caufa aut rationabili prout coram Juftic’ multotiens contingit & inveni-tur propter quod dominus Rex ad malitiam pre-di£fam in cafu prediiEto deftruendam, remedium volens apponere, in pleno parliainento fuo, & de communi confilio fuo, ftatuit & firmiter de cetero videlicet a die lune proxima poft Purificationem beate Virginis anno regni fui vicefimo precepit ob-fervari, quod cum aliquis a latere ante judicium in cafu predidto fupervenerit & petierit fe admitti in-veniet fufficientem fecuritatem prout vifum fuerit curie ad refpondendum petenti de valore exituum tenementi fic admittendi a die quo recipitur refponfurus ufque diem quo judicium finale fiet fuper pe-titione petentis & fi ille petens demandam fuam recuperet graviter amercietur fi habeat unde & fi non habeat committatur gaole ad voluntatem Regis Et fi verificare poterit jus fuum effe tale quale illud afieruit quando petiit ipfum admitti eat quietus, &c.

“ tTTHERE one by the King’s Writ doth de- .

44 ww man<f any Tenements againfl Tenant hy 44	*	*	the Courtefie, in Tail, in Dower, or for

44 Term of Life, or of Years,' and the Demandant 44 fucth fo far that the Lands be in Manner recovered,

44 whereupon another, not Party to the Suit, cometh “ in before Judgement given, and faith, That he hath “ Fee and Right in thofe Lands, and prayeth the 44 Court, that in.as much as he is come before Judge-“ ment, ready to defend his Tenement, and to make “ Anfwer unto the. Demandant, that he may be ad-“ mitted thereunto by Force of a- Statute made by. the “ King that now is, amongft other the-laft'Statutes “ made at Wejlminjier \ (z) by which Statute as well “ fuch as had no Right, as they which had Right,-.

44 oftentimes in the Cafe before mentioned, falfly, and “ in Deceit of the Court did come in, and pray to be •“ received to make Anfwer, that by their Admifiion 44 they might prolong the Demandant from the Judge-“ ment and Seifin of his Land, and to caufe thofe 44 Demandants' to plead of new; and fo the Demand-44 ants are greatly deferred in'the Cafe aforefaid'to re-44 cover their Right in the King’s Court, by reafon “ of fuch Malice, as well by miftaking of th’e'faid “ Statute, as for any other Caufe juft and reafonable;

“ and this is ufed and found often'before our Juftices ‘ (3) Wherefore our Lord the King, for to withftand By1$ R. srfiat. ‘ all fuch Malice in the aforefaid Cafe, and intending 1-c.17.aBew--‘ to provide a Remedy therein, in his full Parliament, fi™er™ay te r‘-‘ and by his Common Council, hath ordained, and “Sinjilbepar-‘ from henceforth commanded ftraitly to be obferved, ucular Ter ant. c that is to wit, from the Monday next after the Feaft Kel. no, 160. c of the Purification of the Virgin, the TwentiethFltz-Refceit>

‘ Year of his Reign, that when any before Judgement 765 8o' lS®' 4 it the forefaid Cafe cometh in by a collateral Title,

‘ and defireth to be received, before his Receipt he * fhall find fufficient Surety (as the Court will award)

4 to fatisfie the Demandant of the Value of the Lands 4 fo to be recovered, from the Day that lie is received 4 to make Anfwer until the Time that final Judgement 4 be given upon the Petition of the Demandant. (4)

4 And if the Demandant recover his Demand, the De-4 fendor fhall be grievoufly amerced, if he have where--4 of; and if he have not, he fhall be imprifor.ed at the 4 King’s Pleafure. (5) And if he can prove his Right 4 to be as good as he affirmed at fuch-Time, as he was 4 received, he fhe.ll go quit.’

_STAT U T U M 'D E M O N ETAj 20 Edw. I.‘ Stat. 4,.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z. a

ENCOUNTRE les damages & les perils qe fount avenuz cea en ariere & purrount aven’ de la-Monoye Dengleterre eft iflint ordenez qil foit. crie & defendu per le Roi en toute le Roialme en. toutes les villes marchaundes qe nul homme fur grief forfaiture ne foit ft hardy defpendre'mettre ou ififcek’ autre monoie dautre coigne qe del coigne le Roi Dengleterre Dirland’ &t Defeoce..

a Thcfe three Statutes are taken from the Vcterum StaUitortm fecunda pact.

.'	:	1	r	r	'•'••••

Unoore

Anno vicefimo Edwardi I.

A. D. 1292.

• •	Y,	,	T	Cotton	MS..

Unqore qil defenJu de par le Roi qe nul apportedertiers .en cco pais fi ceo ne foit pur fes defpences ne foit fi hardy de ariveren Engleterre li force de tournement ne lui chace per bone teftmoignance forfpris aDo-vorr’ & a Sandewyz a Loundres & a feint Botblf a Southampton & as autres de cynk portes quant i] vendra as afcuns de ceux lieux qil bien & loialment monftre fes deniers a cclui qi fcrra afligne depar le Roi fanz nul concelement fur forfaiture du corps & des averes. _ -

Et qi dilloeqes ne apporte ne alloigne le av’ per lui ne per autre jefqes a taunt qe la monoye foit vewe & examine per celui qe le Roi aflignera.

Derechief qil foit crie & defendu dep&r le Roi fur forfaiture du corps & de avoir qe nulle homme foit fi hardy de mettre nulle monbye entre draps & fardeux nen hales ou en afcune manere dount fufpecion puifie cftre de nul concelement Et fi null tiel foit trove celui qe lui trovera eit quatre deniers de la livre & tout le remenaunt foit au Roi.

Unqore qil foit crie & comaunde per le Roi qi qe trove denier feru dautri coigne qe del coigne le Roi Dengleterre on Defcoce ou Dirland ou denier retoundu qe il le perde Et qe null’ ne foit fi hardy de coun-tredire le fure forfaiture & ceo qil trovera faux_ qil foit defpefce faunz rcndre Et le corps celui en qi main le faux denier ou retoundu appiert trove foit pris & refceu jefqes a taunt qil eit trove fon garaunt fi tiel foit homme fufpecionous.

Et purceo qe nuls des gentz poures ou riches ne favent conuftre les legier deniers & les retounduz fi eft ordene que qui deforemes devera refceiv’ ou deliverer deniers les refceive ou livre per pois de v. s. enamunt & de v. s. enavale per toumbrell livere per gardein del elchaunge merche del merche le Roi ficome fount le6 mefures.

Et bien lift a chefcun de percer le denier qe de riens paftera le Toumbrell’ & le denier dautre coigne qe del coigne le Roi Dengleterre Dirland’ & Defcoce les pois ferrount auxibien liverez & merchez per le gardein del chaunge come le Toumbrell’.

De veours & gardours de la monoie qe vendra de la outre quant qil aVera regarde al oiel il poifera &fil trove de novelx deniers qe la livre ne poife mye xx. s. per noumbre de quatre deniers donqes regarde il per le Toumbrell’ la ou le defaute ferra Et fil foit devers deniers qe molt fount ufez fi toft entrerent la liv’ xx. s. & al meins foient liverez a celui qe les avera porte faunz countredit mes fi pluis y entrent face auxi de ceux come des autres & le gardour avantdit fi preigne bone.garde qil ne preigne doun ou louer pur. faire nulle ma-ncre de defport ne extorcion ne face noundue auxint come ils voillent fauver foi & fes biens.

Statu turn de Moneta parvum> 20 Edw. I. Stat. 5.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

EDWARDUS Dei Gratia Rex Anglie Dominus Hibernie & Dux Aquitanie Vic. Lincoln falutem. Quia mercatores alienigene & etiam quidam indigene regni noftri de die in diem deferunt in idem regnutn de partibus tranfmarinis monetam noftram retonfam & aliam de diverfis cuneis contrafabfam rnonete noftre commixtam negotiantes & mercantes de cadem moneta in noftri damnum & totius populi noftri non modicum acetiam in fubverfionem totius rnonete noftre Nos fuper hoc ne fortafiis per tolerantiam longiorem periculum majus immineat remedium adhibere volentes tibi precipimus ficut alias quod in pleno comitatu tuo & in fingulis civitatibus & villis mercatoriis ejufdem comitatus firmiter inhiberi & publice pro-clamari facias Ne quis'mercator alienigena vel quicunque alius hujufmodi. monetam noftram retonfam feu etiam aliam de alienis cuneis controfabfam de cetero in regnum deferat vel etiam ea in mercandizando vel ne-' gotiando utatur Quod fi fecerint prima vice qua fuper hoc deprehenfi fuerint monetam illam retonfam vel etiam aliam controfabtam amittant Et fi iidem iterum in confimili delibto deprehenfi fuerint monetam illam & etiam alia bona fua fecum inverita amittant Et fi tertia vice idem delibtum commiferint & deprehenfi fuerint de corporibus fuis & etiam de omnibus bonis & catallis fuis nobis totaliter incurratur. Alii autem qui mercatores non fuerint & monetam noftram retonfam vel aliam controfabtam habuerint ftatim earn perforent & ad excambium noftrum tranfmittant de: novo fub cuneo noftro cudendam Alioquin in quorum manibus hujufmodi moneta reperta fuerit Nobis fit penitus forisfabta. Et nifi hoc inandatum noftrum plehe e'xequaris Nos ad te & tua graviter capiemus T. W. de Marchia Thef. noftro xxi die Jun. Anno regni noftri xx.

ARTICULI DE MONETA, 20 Edw. I. Stat. 6.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

CES fount les articles qe fount dcla la meer & de cea a graunt damage noftre Signur le Roi & de foi* poeple & a graunt corrupcion de fa monoye Dengleterre.

Primeremerit homme fait la outre une manere de monoie dargent ove une mitre les xxs. de la quelc monoie nc poife mefque xvi s. iiij. d. Dengleterre.

Derechief lem fait autres deux maneres de monoie ove liouns dount il y ad bendes en la une monoie & en lautre nient mes qils fount auxi legiers come la monoie de mytre.

Unqore lem fait auxibien de cea come de la une manere de faux monoie qe eft pure dequiver & eft blaunche & quant ele eft novele ele refemble la monoye Dengleterre.

3	11

Stat. r

129

Anno vicefimo primo Edwardi I.

Cotton MS.

11 y ad unqore unc manere de moneye qeft fait en Avynein defouz le noun Edward Roi Dengleterre qe pois auxi poi ou meins qe la monoie de la mitre Sc ceo lie poet eftre conue fi ceo lie foit per pois.

Lautre faufin qe lem faite en la monoie fi eft qil ad afcuns qi portent plates de peutre ou de plonibe a la fourme dun denier ft les mettent entre deux failles dargent & puis les fcrrount ou en coigne ou en quire ou autre denier bien forge ad efte feru.

Les autres auxibien de cea come de la retoundent la bone &c loial monoie au damage de toute la co-munalte.

Ceftes monoyes qe fount faites ou retounduz hors Dengleterre fount apportez per trefpaflourz & nome-ment per marchauntz Et purceo qils favent bien qe homme les lerche a Dovorr’ il les mettent entre draps en bales fi ne viegnent nient a Dovorr’ ne a Sandewiz mes ils viegnent a Loundres ou en Effex’ ou en Suffex’ ou en Lyndefey les queux chofes ft eles fuiffent longement fuffertz celes metteront la monoye Dengleterre toute a nient.

Stat. De iis qui ponendi funt in Afliiis, made 21 Edw. I. Stat. 1. and

Anno Dom. 1293.

"What Freehold Lands Jurors muft have, which fhall pafs in Trial within the fame County, or

without.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 41.

OUIA Dominus Rex per publicam & fre-quentem querimoniam mediocris populi fui attendens quod quamplures de regno fuo minus fufficientes ad recognitiones juratarum in-quifitionum affifarum&attindtarum extra comitatus proprios faciend’ per vicecomites ballivos fuos & ballivos libertatum ditioribus & magis fufficienti-bus per quos rei veritas melius fciri pofTet parcen-tes lepius & intolerabilitcr fatigantur per quod multa difpendia & incomoda quoad depauperatio-nem populi predidti & exheredationem multorum fimiliter de die in diem.imminent manifefte Idem Dominus Rex indempnitati ejufdem populi profpi-ciens ac falubre remedium in premiffis deftderans adhiberi ad communem utilitatem in parliamento de termino fanfti Michaelis anno regni fui vicefi-mo primo incipiente anno fecundo ftatuit in hac parte quod nullus vicecomes fubvicecomes vel eo-rum ballivi fenefcalli five ballivi libertatum de ce-tero ponant in aliquibus recognitionibus fupra-diftis aliquem de ballivis fuis extra comitatus fuos proprios faciendis nifi habeat terras aut ten’ ad valentiam centum folidorum per annum ad minus. Nec intendit Dominus Rex per ftatutum iftud infringes ultimum ftatutum Weftm’ in quo fit men-tio de recognitoribus ponendis in juratis & in affi-fis nifi de hiis tantummodo qui extra com’ propri-um ire debeant ad recognitiones aliquas faciend’ Ita tamen quod infra com’ coram Jufticiar’ affigna-tis vel aliis miniftris Domini Reg’ ad juratas inqui-fttior.es feu alias recognitiones capiendas non po-natur aliquis nifi habeat terras vel ten’ ad valentiam quadraginta folidorum per annum ad minus Et falvo fimiliter quod coram Jufticiar’ itineran-tibus ad communia placita in Itineribus fuis & etiam in Civitatibus Burgis & aliis villis mercato-riis in quibus recognitiones affife jurate feu inqui-fitiones emerferint faciende fuper quibufcumque Civitates Burgos feu villas illas tangentibus fiat 'prout temporibus preteritis fieri confuevit. Tefte V01*. I.

FOrafmuch as our Lord the King, byv the con- 2 r0u tinual and grievous Complaint of his inferior People, doth perceive that divers Perfons, being of leaft Ability of his Realm, are many Times intolerably troubled by Sheriffs and their Bailiffs,

Bailiffs of Liberties, which impanel them to the Recognifances of Affifes, Juries, Inquefts, and Attaints, triable out of the Shires where they be dwelling ; and do fpare the Rich People, and fuch as be more able, by whom the Truth of the Matter might be better known, whereby, great Expences and Trouble doth daily manifeftly enfue, to the Impo-verifhment and utter Difheriting of manv (2)

Our faid Lord the King, providing for the Indemp- what Freehold nity of his People, and defiring to fet convenient Land thofe ju-Remedy in the rremiffes for the public Weal of his «>« mutt have Realm, in his Parliament holden in the Term °f trials *a Saint Michael, the one and twentieth Year of his 97. Reign, hath ordained in this Behalf, That no She- ijid. 1. flat. t. riff, Under-fheriff, or their Bailiffs, Stewards, or c. 38. Seefar-Bailiffs of Liberties, fhall from henceforth put in any tberfirtheQna* Recognifance abovefaid, that fhall pafs out of their	y

proper Counties, any of their Bailiffs, except he have f. 9 34. jj, Lands and Tenements to the yearly Value of an c. 4. 42 Ed. 3’. hundred Shillings at the leaft. (3) And the King on- 2#. 5. intendeth not by this Statute to reftrain the laft Sta-A"-2- c,3‘ tute of Wejlminjicr, wherein Mention is made of Re--# 8’7’ cognifors to be put in Juries and Affifes, but of fuch c', 3.	8.	c. 5,

only as ought to pafs in Affifes, Juries, and Recog- 23 h. S. c. 13.’ nifances triable out of their proper Counties; (4) fo 358- c-6-that within the County before Juftices of our Lord.2 & 3 the King, or other Minifters affigned to the taking 1*".% 5 w. of any fuch Inquefts, Juries, or other Recognifan-&m.t.24. 7er ces, none fhall be impanelled, except he have Lands 8 W. 3. c. 32. or Tenements to the yearly Value of forty Shillings ; 3 G- z- c-(;) and likewife faving that before Juftices Errant, $ G‘ 2* that hold Common Pleas in their Circuit, and alfo ju7-es inCities in Cities, Boroughs, and other Market Towns, or Boroughi. where Recognifances, Affifes, and Juries or Inquefts do pafs upon any Matter touching the faid Cities,

Boroughs, and other Towns, it fhall be done like as hath been accuftomed in Times parted, T. R. at the •S	*	Tnver

Anno vicefimo primo Edwardi I. A. D. 1293.

28 Ed. 1. fiat. 3. c Deiuer of London. the xiii Day of December, in the c 6_	‘	xxii	Year	of	his	Reign.’

A Writ to the Sheriff* to proclaim this Sta* tute*

Ex Rot. in Durr. Lond.

R. apud Turritn London xiij. die Decembr’ anno regni fui vicefimo fecundo a.

See farther concerning furors 6

(6) Rex, &c. Quia ad communem utilitatem populi noftri & regni, de communi concilio ejufdem regni ftatuerimus, ne aliquis ponatur in juratis, affifis, feu recognitionibus aliquibus extra comitatum fuum pro-prium faciendis, nifi habeat terras aut tenementa ad valentiam centum folidorum per annum ad minus, nec infra comitatum fuutn, nifi habeat terras aut tenementa ad valentiam xl s. per annum ad minas, prout in ftatuto illo quod tibi mittimus fub figillo noftro, Sc quod in omnibus & fingulis articulis fuis de caetero ob--fervari volumus, & firmiter teneri, plenius continetur: Tibi praecipimus, & firmiter injungimus, quod ftatutum illud in pleno comitatu tuo, & in civitatibus, burgis, Sc villis mercatoriis, Sc aliis locis publicis & folemnibus' in balliva tua, ubi necefte fuerit, Sc in expedire videris, legi Sc publice proclamari, & illud in omnibus'& fingulis fuis articulis (quantum in te eft) obfervari facias & firmiter teneri. Ethoc ficut grave darnpnum tuum vitare volueris, nullo modo omittas. Tefte, &c.

Geo. z. c. 37.	24	Geo.	z. c. l3. And 29 Geo. 2. c. 19.

Stat. E®e Malefadoribus in Parcis, made Anno 21 Edw. I. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1293.

In what Cafes the Killing of Offenders in Forefts, Chafes, or Warrens, is punilhable, in>

what not.

Co. Lit, 233.	c

Co. Fnt. 643.	€

20 //. 3. C, II,	c

3 I. c. 20.	c

Dyer 327*

8 Co. 138,

1/-/. 7. c.j.mahes 6 it Felony to hunt c difguifeJin Parks, C &c. See farther t iTV.&M.c. 10.

& M. c. 2 3. ^. 4. c

extending the < Lana to enclofed c Grounds where c Deer are lept, and to Lords of Manors and € Gcmekeepers•	<

* Read or* <

c

c

f Add crHatred. * c

J Add or Intending'to trefafs*

TO .the Intent that Trefpaflers in Forefts, Chafes, Parks, and Warrens, may more wa-rily fear hereafter to enter and trefpafs in the fame, than they have heretofore, Our Lord the King, at his Parliament after Eafler, the xxi Year of his Reign, at the Inftance of the Nobles of his Realm, hath granted and commanded to be from henceforth firmly obferved, That if any Forefter, Parker, or Warrener {hall find any Trefpaflers wandring within his Liberty, intending'to do Damage therein, and that will not yield themfelves to theFo-refters, Warreners, or Parkers, after Hue and Cry made to ftand unto the Peace, but do continue their Malice, and, difobeying the King’s Peace, do flee, or defend themfelves with Force and Arms ; although fuch Forefters, Parkers, and Warreners, or any other coming in their Company, and aiding fuch Forefters, Parkers, .and Warreners in the King’s Peace, do kill.any Offender or Offenders being fo found, either in arrefting or ^taking them, or any of them, they (hall not be troubled upon the fame before the King %'andh\s Juftices, or before any other the King’s Bailiffs, or any other within airiy Fran-chife or without, nor (hall leefe for fo doing either Life or Limb, or fufter any other Punifhment, but {hall enjoy the King’s Peace as they did before.

‘ II. Notwithftanding, let all fuch Forefters, Parkers, Warreners, and all other beware, that by rea-fon of any Malice, Difcord, Debate, or other evil Will f had before time, they do not malicioufly pretend againft any Perfon pafiing through their Liber-, ties, that they came thither for’to trefpafs or mifdo, when of truth they did nothing, nor were not found as Trefpaflers I, and fo kill them ; for if they do, and be convieft thereupon, the Death of fuch Perfons fhall be inquired, and Execution fhall be done, in like manner as is done for other of the King’s Subjects ftanding in his Peace, and like as it ought to be done of Right, and according to the Law and Cuftom of the Realm,’	-	,

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. z.

UT malefa&ores in foreftis chaceis parcis & Warennis de cetero plus timeant in eifdem intrare Sc malefacere quam confueverunt, Dominus Rex. ad parliamentum fuum poft Pafcha Anno regni fui vicefimo primo ad inftancianiMag-natum regni fui concefiit et firmiter extunc prece-pit obfervari quod fi quis foreftarius parcarius aut warennarius in balliva fua malefactores aliquos in-venerit in balliva fua vacantes ad darnpnum ibidem fafciertd’ & qui fe fereftariis parcariis aut waren-nariis illis poft clamorem Sc utefium levatum ad pacem Regis adftand’ recto reddere noluerint itn-mo maliciam Tuam profequendo Sc continuando Sc pacem Regis diffugiendo fugam fecerint & vi & armis fe defenderint licet foreftarii parcarii & wa-rennarii illi feu alii quieumque ad pacem Domini Regis exiftehtes Sc in comitiva foreftariorum par-cariorum aut warenriariorum illorum venientes ad. tales malefactores fie inventos areftandos feu capi-endos aliquem feu aliquos hujufmodi malefactorum interfecerint non propter hoc occaflonentur coram Domino Rege vel Juftic’ fuis quibufcumque aut aliis ballivis Domini Regis feu aliorum quorum-cumque infra libertatem aut extra nec propter hoc amittant vitam vel membrum aut aliam penam fubeant immo fifrnam pacem Domini Regis inde Kabearit.

Sed bene caveant forfeftarii parcarii warennarii cc alii quieumque ne occafione contencionis difeordie contumelie aut alicujus m lrvolencie feu odii pre-habitorum aliquibus per ballivas fuas tranfeunti-bus maliciofe imponant quod caufa malefaciendi in' ballivis fuis intrant cum hoc non fecerint nec ipfos vagantes ut malefaciant nec malefacientes invene-rint nec caufam malefaciendi querentes Sc fie eos-occidant quod ft fecerint Sc de hoc fuerint con-vitfti fiat de morte fie interfectorum prout aliorum ad pacem Domini Regis exiftencium Sc prout de jure Sc fecundum confuetudinenv regni fuerit faciendum.

a flU Notch on the Roll, viz. Et memorand’ quod irtud ftatutum de verbo ad verbum m'fljm fuit in Hibern’. T. R. apud Kcnynton xiiij iic Augufli ar.no repni fui viedimo ieptimo. Et mandatum fuit Johanrii Wogan-juftic’.Hibern’ quod picdidVum flatutufti pci tplam Hibern’ inloei: quibua cjpcdire viderit legi & publico proclamari ac firmiter teneri faciat, T.R.uifupra,	'»

Diet

Anno viceEmo quinto Edward 1 I,

Stat. 1

•	131

The Statute of the Writ of Confultation, made 24. Edw. I. and Anno

Dom. 1296.

In what Cafe a Confultation is grantable.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

CUM Judices ecclefiaftici ad profequend’ in caufis coram ipfis agitatis per prohibic’ Domini Regis fepius fuperfedeant in cafibus ubi remedium conquerentibus ad Cur’ Domini per breve de Cancellar’ fua fieri non poffit propter quod querentes illi in utraque Cur’ tam Regia quam ec-clefiaftica jure fuo & remedio funt elongati ad grave dampnum ipforum prout Dominus Rex ex gravi querela quorundam intellexit.

Dominus Rex vult & precepit quod cum Judices ecclefiaftici per prohibicionem Regiam fibi porrec-tam fuperfedeant in cafibus prcdidtis quod Cancellar’ vel Capitalis Juftic’ ipfius Domini Regis qui pro tempore fuerit vifo libello illiuscaufe ad inftan-ciam querentis fi viderint quod per breve de Can-cellar’ querenti remedium in fuo cafu fieri non poflitfet quod ad Cur’ ecclefiafticam pertineat cau-lam illam determinate fcribant Judicibus coram quibus caufa ilia prius fuit agitata quod in caufa' ilia procedant non obftante prohibicione Regia fibi prius inde dire&a, See. Dat. anno xviii\

HEREAS Ecclefiaftical Judges have often j-s H. 7. f. furceafed to proceed in Cauies moved be-zH-4-f. 9. fore them, by Force of the King’s Writ ofSj	?*

“ Prohibition, in Cafes whereas* Remedy could not turleSafuS* “ be given to Complainants in the King’s Court, by Confultation duly “ any Writ out of the Chancery, hecaufe that f fuch granted. tc Plaintiffs were deferred of their Right and Remedy * Readw*f«;if. “ in both Courts, as well Temporal as Spiritual, to t Rea<lw^r-AJ’' “ their great Damage, like as the King hath been ad-“ vertifed by the'grievous Complaint of his Subjefts c (2) Our Lord the King willeth and commandeth,

‘ That where Ecclefiaftical Judges do furceafe in the c aforefaid Cafes, by the King’s Prohibition, diredled < unto them, that the Chancellor, or the Chief Juftice c of our Lord the King for the Time being, upon c Sight of the Libel of the fame Matter, atthelnftance ‘ of the Plaintiff (if they can fee that the Cafe cannot ‘ be redreffed by any Writ out of the Chancery, but ‘ that the Spiritual Court ought to determine theMat-‘ ters) fhall write to the Ecclefiaftical Judges, before c whom the Caufe was firft moved, that they proceed Ref;#, ^ c therein, notwithftanding the King’s Prohibition di- Raft. c redded to them before f.’	t Addgivenin

the iS tbX<ar%

.1 I.	,

Statutes made at LONDON the' Tenth Day of O&ober, Anno 25 Edw. I. * and Anno Dom. 1297 a.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft:.

Ex Rot. in -Eim-Lond. m. 38.

EDWARD par le grace de Dieu roy dEngle-terre feigniir dlrland e Dues dAquitaine a toutz ceus qui ceftes prefenteslettres verront ou orront faluz. Sachiez nous al honeur de Dieu c de feinte eglife e au profit de tut noftre Roiaume aver grante pur nous e pur nos - heirs qe la Grand Chartre desFranchifes e la Chartre de la Foreft les queles furent faites par commun aflent de tut le Roiaume en tens le rey Henry noftre pere feient tenuz en toutz lour pointz fanz nul blemifement. E voloms qe meifmes celes chartres de futh noftre feal feient envoiez a nos Juftices aufibien de la foreft come as autres e a toutz les vifeontes des con-tez e a toutz nos autres miniftres e a totes nos ci-tees parmi la terre enfemblement ove nos briefs en les queux ferra contenu qil facent les avantdites chartres pupplier e qil facent dire au poeple qe nous les avoms grauntees de tenir les en toutz leur pointz E a nos Juftices vifeontes maires e autres miniftres qi la ley de la terre de fouth nous e par nous ounta guier meifmes les chartres en toutz leur

“ I7DWARD, by the Grace of God, King of “ '	England,	Lord of Ireland,	and Duke of Guian,

‘ J to all thofe that thefe prefent Letters fhall hear ‘ or fee, Greeting.” Know ye that we, to the Honour of God, and of Holy Church, and to the Profit of our Realm, have granted for us and our. Heirs, that the Charter of Liberties, and the Charter of the Foreft, which were made by common Affent of all the Realm, in the Time of King Henry our Father, fhall be kept in every Point without Breach. (2)

And we will that the fame Charters fhall be fent un- Farther unfit nuS

der our Seal, as well to ourTuftices of the Foreft^’ hy aSEd.t ftat.

as to others, and to all Sheriffs of Shires, and to all 3- c‘

our other Officers, and to all our Cities throughout

the Realm, together with our Writs, in the which

it fhall be contained, that they caufe the forefaid

Charters to be publifhed, and to declare to the People

that we have confirmed them in all Points; (3) and

that our Juftices, Sheriffs, Mayors, and other Mini-

fters, which under us have the Laws of our Land

to guide, fhall allow the faid Charters pleaded before

* This is taken from the Secunda fan Telerum Statutorunt, and is in all the Englilh Editions: It is called Confirmatio Carlantm.

S a

* t^em

Anno vicefimo quinto Edwardi I. A. D. 1297.

The Great	c

Charter the	c

Common * Add according 10 tbcAJfiJe of the ForeJ},

them in Judgment in all their Points, that is to wit, the great Charter as the Common Law, and the Charter of the Foreft *, for the Wealth of our Realm.’

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. pointz en plez devaunt eus e en Jugementz les fa-cent alower cell afavoir la Grand Chartre desFran-chifes come ley commune e la Chartre dela Foreft fo-lom 1 afli fe de la foreft al amendement denoftrepoeple.

II.

Judgments given againft the faid Charters fhall be void.

a 61ft. ji6. t A ND we will, that if any Judgement be given t	from	henceforth	contrary	to	the	Points	of	the

, Charters aforefaid bv the Juftices, or by any other our t Minifters that hold Plea before them againft the Points , of the Charters, it fhall be undone, and holden for

Farther confirmed nought.’ ay 41 Ed. 3.C. »,	a

EVoloms qe fi nuls jugementz feient donez . deforemes encontre les pointz dcs chartres avantdites par Juftices e par autres nos miniftres qui contrc les pointz des chartres tenent plez de-vant eus feient defaitz e pur nient tenuz.

CAP. III.

The faid Charters fhall be read in Cathedral Churches twice in the Year.

a.Inft. 527.

4 A ND we will, that the fame Charters fhall be ‘	fent,	under our Seal, to Cathedral Churches

4	throughout our Realm, there to remain, and fhall be

5	read before the People two Times by the Year.

EVoloms qe mefmes celes chartres de futh noftre , feal feient envoies as eglifes cathedrales parmi noftre Roiaume e la demorgent E feient deufoitz-par an lues devant le poeple.

CAP. IV.

Excommunication fhall be pronounced againft the Breakers of the faid Charters.



*• Add Btjhopu

*• AND that all Archbifhops and Bifhops fhall pro-

*	nounce	the	Sentence of Excommunication a-

c gainft all thofe that by Word, Deed, or Council do

*	contrary to the forefaid Charters, or that in any 4 Point break or undo them. (2) And that the faid ‘ Curfes be twice a Year denounced and publifhed by 4 the. Prelates aforefaid. (3) And if the fame Prelates,

*	* or any of them, be remifs in the Denunciation of ‘ the faid Sentences, the Archbifhops of Canterbury and ‘ York for the time being fhall compel and diftrein them 4 to the Execution of their Duties in Form aforefaid.’

EQE Ercevefques e Evefques doignent fen* tences du grant efcomeng’ contre toutz ceus qui contre les avantdites chartres vendront en fait ou en ayde ou en confeil ou nul point enfreindront' ou encontre vendront. E qe celes fentences feient denuncies e pupplies deufoitz par an par les avant-ditz prelatz. E ft mefmes les prelatz evefques ou nul de eus feient negligentz en la denunciacion fufdite faire par les Ercevefques de Canterbire e de. Everwyk qui per tens ferront ficome covient foi-ent repris e diftreinz a mefme cele denunciacion. faire en la fourme avauntdite^

CAP. V.

Aids, Tafks, and Prifes granted to the King fhall not be taken for a Cuftom.

J-lnlt. 527.

* AM in cur

Name.

“ A ND for fo much as divers People of our Realm ** IX are in Fear, that the Aids and Tafks which “ they have given to us beforetime towards our Wars “ ana other Buftnefs, of their own Grant and good “ Will (howfoever they were made) might turn to a “ Bondage to them and their Heirs, becauiie they might “ be at another Time found in the Rolls, and likewife “ for the Prifes taken throughout the Realm by our “ Minifters *	(2)	We	have granted for us and our

* Heirs, that we fhall not draw fuch Aids, Tafks, nor ‘ Prifes into a Cuftom, for any Thing that hath been ‘ done heretofore, be it by Roll or. any other Precedent 4 that may be founden.’

EPur ceo qe aucunes gentz de noftre Roiaume fe doutent qe les aides e les mifes les queles il nous ount fait avant ees oures pur nos guerres c autres bofoignes de leur grant e leur bone volunte en quele manere qe faits feient puflent turner en fervage a eus e a leur heirs par ce qil ferroient au-trefpitz trovez en roule e aufi prifes- qe ont efte faites par my le,Roiaume par nos miniftres en noftre noun avoms grante pur nous & pur nos heirs-qe mes tides aides mifes ne prifes ne treroms a cuftume pur nule chofe qe foit fait ou qe par roule ou en autre maniere peuft eftre trove..

CAP. VI.

'The King or his Heirs will take no Aids or Prifes, but by the Confent of the Realm, and for

the common Profit thereof.

a I aft. 529.

* 1\ flOreover we have granted forms and our Herrs, ‘ ivl as well to Archbifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, Pri-4 ors, and other Folk of holy Church, as alfo to Earls,

EAufi avoms grante pur nous e pur nos heirs as Ercevefques Evefques Abbes e Priurs e as autres gentz de feinte eglife e as Contes e Barons e a

tote

Stat. i»

*33

Ay Rot. in Turr. Lond. tote la communaute de la terre qe mes pur nule bufoig'ne tieu manere des aides mifes nc prifes dc noftre Roiaume ne prendroms fors qe parcomraun affent de tut le Roiaume e a commun profit de meifme le Roiaume fauve les auncienes aides e prifes dues e cuftumees.

CAP. VII.

‘ Barons, and to all the Communalty of the Land,

‘ that for. no Bufinefs from henceforth we fhall take ‘ fuch Manner of Aids, Talks, nor Prifes, but by the ‘ common Affent of the Realm, and for the common ‘ Profit thereof, faving the ancient Aids and Prifes due Enforced t>y ‘ and accuftomed.’	34ECI.	1.	ftat.4.

A Releafe of FoW taken by the King for Wooll; and a Grant that he will not take the like

without common Confent and good Will.

AND for fo much as the more Part of the Com* munalty of the Realm find themfelves fore : grieved with the Maletent of Woolls, that is to wit,

‘ a Toll of Forty Shillings for every Sack of Wooll, c and have made Petition to us to releafe the fame We at their Requefts have clearly releafed it, and have granted * for us and our Heirs, that we fliall not take ffitch Things without their common Affent and good Will, faving to us and our Heirs the Cuftom of Woolls, Skins, and Leather, granted before by the Communalty aforefaid. In Witnefs of which Things we have caufed thefe our Letters to be made-Patents. Witnefs Edward our Soir-at London the

E Pur ceo qe tut le plus de la communaute del ( “ Roiaume fe fentent durement grevez de la male toute des leines cell afavoir de chefcun fak de leine quarante foudz e nous ont prie que nous les vouftffoms releffer nous a leur priere les avoms pleinement releffe e avoms grante qe cele ne autre mes ne prendroms fanz lour commun affent e leur bone volunte fauve a nous e a nos heirs la cuftume des leines peaus e quirs avaunt grantez par la communaute du Roiaume avauntdit. En tefmoignance de queux chofes nous avoms fait faire ceftes nos lettres overtes. Tefmoigne Ed ward noftre fitz a Londres le difme jour de Qdtobr’ lan de noftre regne vintifme quynta.

* ATot in Ortgi ■j- Read that or any other•

tenth Day of October, the five and twentieth Year of our Reign.’

Enforced by 34 Ed. I. flat* 4. c. 3, See farther Provifons concerning Wool 38 Ed. 3. flat cl. c. 3,'	31 Ed. 3. fat. 1, c. 2.	34 Ed, 3. C. 19.'

4 Ed. 3. c. 4. 8//. 6. c, 22, 23//. 8. c. 17. (which lajl is made perpetual by'	c. 25.) 39	*,14.	y Jac* 1, c,f. 12 Car, 2* £• 32.

c. 18, 19.	c, 32. 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 28. 9 £9* 10 W. 3. c, 40. 10 & 1 x TV. 3., c, 10. ^Geo. i,c. 21. 4 Get). 1« c, r i*

12 Gee* i» c. 34. ixGeo. 2. c, 21. J^GeotZ, ct 27. 25 Geo. 2* c. 14. 26Geo, 2, c» 8rXi. 29 Geo, 2. c. 33. 30 Geo,2, f. 12.

& Inft. 76.* •

36 Ed. 3. c. if.

tA Car.

Sententia Domini R., Archiepifcopi fuper premiftiSj Anno 25 Edw. L

Stat.. 2.-

E per anti quo "MS'.

EN noun du Pere & del Fitz & du Seint Efperit Amen. Cum noftre Seignur le Rei al hbnur de Dieu Ercommenge.'-& al commun profift dc fon Realme ad grante pur li & pur fes heirs a tenir e.n fon Reaume a tuz ment, jours les chofes futhdites Robert Ercevefk, de Canturb. Primat de tut Engleterre ambneftoms une foiz. ii. foiz. & la tierce foiz. pur ceo kele brefte du temps plus long delai ne fuftre, touz ceus de Reaume de Engleterre &.chefcun de eus de quel eftat ou de quel condition il feientke touz & chefcun de eus tant cum en eus eft ceftes chofes grantees per noftre Seignur le Rei avantdit tiegnent & meintenent entierement en touz lour points E ke eus ne nul de eus encontrevenent ne enfreinent en nul point ne en nul temps procurent ou confeilerunt ou en nule manere affenteront de. encontravener de fet ou de dit apertement ou covertement per nule manere de colour. Nous avantdit Robert Ercevefk de Canturbur. per noftre autorite en ceft eferift’ efcomengeoms & del corps Noftre Seignur Jcfu Chrift & de tote la compaynie de Giel & de touz les facra- -mentz de Seintz Efglife defeverums.. Fiat Fiat. Amen. -

Stat. De Finibus levatis, made Anno 27 Emv. I. Stat, 3, andAnncp

Dom; 1299..

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. nr; 37.

EDWARD!^ Dei gracia Rex Angl’ Dominus Hibernie & Ddx Aquifanie Vicecomiti Lancaftr’ Salutem. Cum nuper ante transfretacionem-noftranv in Flar.dr’ apud Weftm’ nos habentes refpec-. turn ad graves mifas & expenfas que populus regni noftri fecerat & fuftinuerat diverfis modis pro 1 nobis tarmtempore pacis quam guerre habuiflemus non modicarrr Voluntatem &defiderium populum ipfum -refpicere prout tunc temporis potuimus conceffimus eidem populo denoftra propria voluntate pro nobis Sc heredibus noftris quod' magna carta de libertatibus obfervetur in omnibus pundis fuis Sc fimiliter carta de -

a -The following Memorandum is found tip on tbc Rolls vi7, E fet a remembrer qe meifme cefte chartre futh meifmes les paroles de mot en * mot fuft fele en Flaundres de futh le grant feal le rey ceft afaver a Gaunt le quinl jour de Novembr’ lan del regne layantdit noftre feignur W ' rey vintifine quint e entre&ien Engleterre,* -

foreffa

A. D. 1299.

134. Stat. 1.

Anno viceiimo feptimo Edwardi I.

:	Ex	Rot. in Tim-. Lond.

forefta feivetur falvis tamen juramento noftro jure corone noftre & racionibus noftris ac eciam aliorum que .quidem per Venerabilem Patrem R. Archiepifcopum Cantuar’ ex parte noftra & in noftra prefencia tunc pronunciari feciinus et deinde apud Odimere in ipfo pafi'agio noftro in Flandr’ eandem conceffionem fub figillo noftro obfervari precipiendo mandavimus Be teneri per totum regnum noftrum in quolibet Comitatu. Et quia a tempore iilo citra per artacionem & diftricionem guerrarum eramus occupati multiplifciter & di-ftradt'i in diverfis Patriis & longinquis propter quod fcire ncquivimus ftatum regni noftri Nos diebus iftis quatenus nobis vacat noftram continuantes primariani voluntatem habuimus delifceracionem fuper conceffione noftra predidla et ad honorem Dei Be fandle Matris ecclefie ac commodum tocius populi regni noftri Volumus quod predicta magna carta de libertatibus obfervetur in omnibus pundtis fuis et carta cciatn de Forefta fecundum fublcriptos articulos qui funt tales Inquiiicio vel Vifus, &c. [Prout in Cart, de Foreft. c. 6. et deinde ad coram eo terminentur.] Quos autem Articulos fupradictos firmiter Be inviolabiiiter obfervari Vo-lumus Be teneri volentes nichilominus quod perambulacio fiat Salvis Temper juramento noftro jure Corone noftre & racionibus noftris atque calumpniis Ac omnium aliorum Ita quod perambulacio ilia nobis reportetur antequam aliqua Execucio vel aliquid aliud inde fiat quam quidem perambulacionem Volumus quod fiat ficut predicitur adcicius quod fieri poterit poft negocia que habemus expedienda cum nunciis qui de Romana Curia funt venturi que vero ita funt ardua quod non folutn nos Be regnum noftrum fet -totam Chriftianitatem contingunt Be ad ea fanius pertradbanda totum confilium noftrum habere plenarie indigemus Et poft conceffionem noftram faeftam ficut fuperius exprimitur de premiffis diligenti Meditacione penfavimus quofdam juris Defedtus multimoda gravamina Be opprefficnes que pluribus aiiis modis prefato populo funt illata temporibus retroadtis & Volumus fuper illis que nobis occurebant adpreiens ad alleviacionem Be commoditatem ejufdem populi pro legis certitudine ftabilire Be remedium apponere in hunc modum.

CA'P. I,

No Exception to a Fine that the Demandant was feifed. Fines fhall be openly read.

2 Inrt. lit.

* Read Father.,,

•]- Add and Gufcms,

c«

KTo Except Ion to a Fine, that the c Demandant was c always feifed.

Raft. 349, Sec, c 3 Co. S#.	«

Fitz. Rcplic. c •62, 63, 66. c 42Ed. 3. f. 19.

Fines fhall be x openly read, and c then all Picas Ihall ccafe. iS Ed. 1. flat. 4. * cf Fines.	c

1$ Ed. 2. Conu- c fors fall be per-Jon illy prejent. I R bar Entails. 31 El,

A-Sheriff fha'l

IVOrafmuch as Fines levied in our Court ought and . do make an End all Matters, and therefore are called Fines principally, where after waging'of Rat-tail or the -great Affife in their Ca "es ever they hold the laft and final Place. (2) And 'now ‘by a certain Time palled, as well in the Time of Ring Henry of famous Memory, our * Grandfather, as in our Time, the Parties of l’uch Fines and t); ir H trs, contrary to the Laws f of our Realm of ancient Time ufed, were admitted to adnul and ereat fu 1 ine, alledging, that before the Pine levied, and at the levying thereof, and fmee, the Demandants or Plaintiffs, or their Anceftors, were alway Fifed of the Lands contained in the Fine, or of foir.c Parcel thereof; and fo Fines lawfully levied were many Times unjuftly defeated and adnulled by jurors of the Country falflyand malicioufly procured therefore, intending to provide a Remedy in the Premiffes, in our Parliament at IVeflmirfcr have ordained, that fuch Exceptions, Anfwers, or nquifi-tions of the Country, fhall from henceforth in no wife be admitted contrary to fuch Recognifances or Fines. And further we will, That this Statute fhall as well extend unto Fines heretofore levied, as to them that fhall be levied hereafter. And let the Juftices fee that fuch Notes and Fines, as hereafter (hall be levied in our Court, be read openly and fo-lcmnly, and that in the mean Time all Pleas fhall ceafe; and this muft be at two certain Days in the Week, according to the Difcretion of the Juftices.’

t "iU 1A fines in Curia noftra levati finem litibus debent imponere Be imponunt& ideo fines vo-c. v.tur maxima cum poft duellum & magnam af-fil’am in luo cafu ultimum locum & finalem te-neant Be perpetuum. Jamque per'aliquod te'mpus preteritum tarn tempore clare memorie domini Henrici regis patris noftri quam noftro partes eo-rundem finium Be earum partium heredes contra leges Be confuetudines regni antiquitus ufitatas fuper hujufmodi finibus evacuandis Be adnullandis admittebantur proponentes quod ante finem leva-tum Be tempore levationis ejufdem Be pofteapeten-tes feu querentes aut eorum anteceflores de tene-mentis in finibus contentis aut de nliqua parte eorum fern per fuerunt feifiti Be fic fines hujufmodi rite levati per juratores patrie falfo fubornatos Be ma-liciofe procuratos multotiens evacuabantur Be ad-nullahantur minus jufte volentes fuper premiffis remedium adliibere in parliamento noftro apud Weltm’ ftatuimus quod didie cxceptiones feu re-fponfiones vel inquifitiones-patrie fuper hujufmodi exceptionibus feu refponfionibus nullo modo contra hujufmodi recognitiones Be fines decetero ad-mittantur. Ft volumus quod ftatutum iftud tarn locum habeat ad fines prius levatos quam impof-terum levandos. Et videant Jufticiarii quod note Be fines in Curia impofteruni levandi publice Be fo-lempniter legantur Be quod placita interim ceffent omnino Be hoc fiat per duos dies in feptiniana fecundum diferetionem Jufticiar’.

3. c. 7. who are bound by Fines.	4	H- 7. c.24. how often Fines to be proclaimed. 32 H. S. c. 36. where Fines levied according to Statute fall

c. 2* abridging Proclamation $ and fee farther 1 Mar. fat. %. c. 7.	23	Ehz. c. 3* And 4 Ann. c. 16.

CAP. II.

A Sheriff fhall levy no more Iffues than he hath Warrant for. His Tallies.

a'l ‘ T7T7E have alfo ordained, by the Advice of our eircute his War- <	Council,	That from henceforth Sheriffs fhall

\	"ot be ch=rsed °.f	bc n0r than

Mraoi?,	levy any before they pafs out of the Exchequer, there

.*	to be delivered by the Ex’trcats of the Juftices 5 (2)

ITEM ordinavimus deconcilionoftro quod vlce-comites decetero non onerentur de aliquibus exitibus levandis nec aliquos levent antequam ex-eant de fcaccario per extra<3as Juftic’ ibiaem libe-randas Be quod in extra&is Juftic’ fingula capita

onerentur

A. D. 1299. Anno vicefimo

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lend.	.

onerentur de exitibus fui.s forisfadlis ficut &t de | amerciamentis. Et fi forfitan aliquis vicecomes ; refponderit de cxitibus alicujus recognitoris vel plegii feu manucaptoris per ipfum appofiti &t in Cur’ noftra retornati qui ad folutionem eorumdem i exituum feu amerciamentorum tempore returni non : fufficiat idem vicecomes ad fcaccarium noftrum inde oneretur & refpondeat. Et caveant fibi vicecomites fub gravi forisfa&ura quod decetero fa-ciant fingulis tallias de denariis quibufcumque per preceptum noftrum per ip'fos vicecomites St fubdi-tos fuos receptis. Et quod non retornent alicubi nomina manucaptorum juratorum feu aliorum nift ipfi manucaptores juratores leu alii fecundum te-norem brevium noftrorum vicecomitibus inde di-rectorum ad hoc legaliter manifefte premuniantur. Nec retornent aliqua nomina plegiorum liberorum hominum nifi ipfi manifefte pleg’ fe concefterunt. Et fuper hoc ftatuimus quod quolibet anno femel per annum mittantur unus Baronum St unus cleri-cus de didto Scaccario noftro per fingulos com’ Angl’ ad imbreviandum nomina omnium qui anno iilo debita per viridem ceram ab eis exaifa folve-runt. Et iidem Baro St clericus tallias illas vide-ant & imbrevient St audiant St terminent querelas fuper vicecomites & ballivos contra premifla veni-entes St graviter puniantur tranfgreffores.

C A

feptimo Edwardi I.	Stat. 1.	135

*	and that in the Extreats of Juftices every Head fhall 4 be charged for Iflues forfeited, like as of Amercia-‘ ments. (3) And if peradventure any Sheriff will 4 anfwer for the Iflues of any Recognifor, Pledge, or ‘ Mainpernor, by him undertaken and returned into ‘ our Court, which at the Time of the Return is not

*	able to pay fuch Iflues or Amerciaments, the Sheriff ‘ fhall be charged, and fhall anfwer therefore in our

‘ Exchequer. (4.) And let the Sheriffs beware under What Tallies a ‘ Pain of great Forfeiture, that from henceforth they.

4 do make Tallies of all fuch Money as they or their e‘

‘ Officers have received by our Commandment; (5)

‘ and that they do not return any where the Names of The Sheriff’s ‘ any Mainpernors, Jurors, or any other, except fuch Return of Main--‘ Mainpernors, Jurors, or others, according to the P_e™ors> Julors'> ‘ Tenourof our Writs being dire&ed to the Sheriffs 4 for the fame Caufe, be lawfully and manifeftly im-‘ panelled thereupon. (5) And they fhall not return 4 the Names of any Freemen as Pledges, * without t^bavTtnmU-4 that they will plainly confent and agree to the fame. jfjfay agreed to 4 (7) And hereupon we have enafter!. That at one beam!Pledges.

4 'Fime certain every Year, one Baron and one Clerk a Baron and 4 of our Paid Exchequer fhall be fent through everyFler^of the 6 Shire of England, to inroll the Names of all fuch as

*	have paid that Year’s Debts exacted on them by ever) county,-Green Wax. (S) And the fame Baron and Clerk

4 fhall view all fuch Tallies, and inroll them, and ‘ fhall hear and determine Complaints made againft 4 Sheriffs and their Clerks and Bailiffs that have done 4 contrary to the Premifles, and the Offenders fhall be ‘ grievoufly punifhed.’

P. III.

Juftices of Affile fliall be of Gaol-delivery. Who fhall punilh Officers bailing fuch as $re not-

bailable.

QUIA vicecomites & alii temporibus retro-adtis latrones notorios St manifeftos St pro murte hominis St aliis feloniis captos St imprifona-tos & qui non funt repleg’ per plevinam dimiferunt contra formam ftatuti noftri de hiis qui funt irre-plegiabiles & qui non nuper edili per quod ipfi malefaftores irrepleg’ fic replegiath ad eorum deh-berationem falfo faciendam juratores patrie per fe Si amicos fuos ante adventum Juftic’ itinerantium aut aliorum ad eorum deliberationem aflignatorum procurant St fubornant aliifque minantur per quod tarn propter metum vicecomitum & aliorum per talem plevinam illos dimittentium quam timorem eorundem latronum feu felonum fic liberatorum coram Juftic’ ad gaolas deliberandas affignatis ho-micidia St latrocinia fuffocantur Si ipfa lie coffce-lata penitus remanent impunita Nos pro.utilitate regni noftri St pace noftra firmius obfervanda ftatuimus h ordinavimus quod Juftic’ ad affifas capi-end’ affignati in fingulis com’ ubi capiunt affifas prout ordinantur ftatim poll affifas captas in eif-dem com’ remaneant ambo fi laici fuerint St fi unus ipforum fuerit clericus tunc aftociato illi Juftic’ qui laicus eft: uno de difcrctioribus militibus comi-tatus illius. per breve noftrum deliberent gaolas in com’ illis tarn infra libertates quam extra de prifo-nibus quibufcumque fecundum formam delibera-tionis gaole com’ illorum haftenus ufitatam. Et' iidem Juftic’ tunc inquirant qui vicecomites & alii prifones aliquos irreplegiabiles per plevinam dimiferunt vel in aliquo contra formam ftatuti predifti 3’

44 fj Orafmuch as Sheriffs and others heretofore have 3 Ed. n" c. if, “ ft* let out by Replevin common Felons, and open--44 Iy defamed, being taken and imprifoned for Mur-44 ther and f Felony, arid fuch as be not replevifable, f Readar.iother 44 contrary to the Form of our Statute of Perfons re- Fc/onin.

44 plevifable and not replevifable, lately made, where-“ by- fuch T ranfgreffors not replevifable J- be let out, | Read being fi 44 (2) and to deliver them deceitfully before the coming replevied, do,

“ of the Juftices Errant, or other affigned for their in order deceit.

44 Deliverance, || they procure by themfclvcs and by tbeirf. e 44 Friends Jurors of the Country, and feme they threat, |(‘pnculTanj 44 whereby as well for fear of the Sheriff, and other fiborn, by them-44 that let them at large by Plevin, as for fear of thefilves e»d their 44 Thieves being fo delivered, before the Juftices af- Fnendt the Ju-44 figned for Gaol-deliveries, fuch Felonies and Mur- fs 44 thers are concealed, and fo being concealed, remain c,hm" " “ ftill unpunifhed;” (3) ‘We, for the Utility of our fuflicescf Affife -4 P.ealm, and for the more allured Confervation ofourihall be alfo 4 Peace, have provided and ordained, That Juftices luftices of Gaoft 4 affigned to take Affifes in every County where they 4 do take Affifes, as they be appointed, incontinent ar- j ^ 1 j 3"

4 ter the Affifes taken in the Shires, fliall remain both See i<sEd 4 together if they be Lay; and if one of them be a concerning their 4 Clerk, then one of the mod difereet Knights of the0-"-4; emd i»-4 Shire being alfociate to him that is a Layman, by our G!°' *• c% *7; . 4 Writ fhall deliver the Gaols of the Shires, tis we]\

4 within Liberties as without, of all Manner of Pri- livery to as in ■

4 foners, after the Form of the Gaol-deliveries' of thofe their own Coun-4 Shires beforetime ufed. (4) And the fame Juftices""- ,

4 fhall ■ inquire then, if Sheriffs or any other have let	of

4 out by. Replevin Prifoners not replevifable, or have their offences. -

4 offended-

i36

Sue.

i.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Ed w ard i I. A. D. 1299,

1 Sr s P, S M. c. 13.

a8 Ed. 1. flat. I for Periods appealed.

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond. nuper apud Weftm’ editi deliquerunt et quos inde culpabiles invenerint ipfos in omnibus fecundum formam ftatuti predicti puniant 8c caftigent.

offended in any Thing contrary to the Form of the forefaid Statute lately made at IVeJlminJier ; and whom they fhall find guilty, they fhall chaften and punifh in all Things according to the Form of the See 3u.7.c.v ' Statute aforefaid.’

giving Power to Juftices of Peace to let Prifotiers to Bail, I & t P. & M. c. 13. giving farther Dirc&ions to fucb Juftices. Likewfe 31 Car. 2. c. 2. §. 7. for bailing t Per Jo ni committed for Treafon or Felony, and not indifttd the next 'Term ; and 4 ^ M. c. 4. ordering that Bail may be taken by fudge of Ajftz,e,

CAP. IV.

“Nifi Prhis fhall be granted before one of the Juftices of the Court where the Suit is commenced.

* Not in Orig.

+ Read whereby as well they a: ethers who have more Lands,

By 12 Ed. 2. flat. 1. c. 3. Fleas of Land Jhall be taken by Nifi Prius.

By 14 Ed. 3. fiat. 1. c. 16* Nifi Prius may be granted before Jufticc of another Court than where the Suit dependeth. And fee 6 R, 2.fat. 1. c. 5. 11 R. 2, c, 11. 14 R, 6. c, 1. 35 H. S.

€. 6. 18 Elix, c« 12, 12Geo, I. c, 31. 24^0.2. c, iS.	5. con-

taining various^ Regulations with regard to Trials at Nif Prius.

Ed. 1. fiat. I.

c. 30,

‘ ALSO where we have provided, that none {hall ‘	be	impanelled	any where out of the Shire

‘ where he is dwelling, in Recognifances, Enquefts, ‘ and Juries, that have lefs than an hundred Shillings ‘ of Land * or Rent, whereby f they that have more ‘ Lands, by too often appearing as well in our Ex-c chequer, as before our Juftices of either Bench, are ‘ much impoverifhed ‘ II. We therefore, confidering the intolerable Damage of our People, not only for the Difcharge of fuch Jurors, but alfo for the more fpeedy Miniltra-tion of Juftice to all Parties fuing in our Court, have provided and ordained, that Enquefts and Recognifances determinable before Juftices of either Bench, from henceforth {hall be taken in Time of Vacation before any of the Juftices before whom the Plea is brought, being aflociate with one Knight of the fame Shire where fuch Enquefts fhall pafs, unlefs it be an Enqueft that requireth great Examination. (2) And fo from henceforth in taking fuch Enquefts, the Juftices fhall do as to them fhall feem moft expedient for the common Utility of our Realm, not-withftanding the Statute lately made at Wejhninjier upon the taking of fuch Enquefts, containing, that if any Enquefts be taken contrary to the Form of the faid Statute, they Ihould be of none Eftedt.’

ITem cum ftatuerimus quod nullus ponatur ali-cubi extra com’ in inquifitionibus recognitioni-bus 8c juratis aliquibus qui minus quam centum folidatas terre habeat per quod tam ipfi quam plus terre habentes propter frequentes tam ad Scacca-rium quam coram Juftic’ de utroque Banco fum-monitiones depauperantur.

Nos tantam intolerabilem populi noftri jadluram advertentes non folum ad eorumdem juratorum exonerationem fet etiam ad celerem partibus in cur’ noftra placitantibus juftitiam exhibendam fta-tuimus 8c ordinavimus quod inquifitiones 8c re-cognitiones coram Juftic’ de utroque Banco dece-tero adjudicande capiantur tempore vacationis coram aliquo Juftic’ eorumdem coram quibus placi-tum dedudtum fuerit affociato illi uno milite com’ illius ubi tales inquifitiones emerferint nifi fuerit inquifitio magna indigens examinatione. Et fic in hujufmodi inquifitionibus capiendis decetero fiat prout Juftic’ ad utilitatem regni noftri potius efle viderint faciendum non obftante ftatuto nuper apud Weftm’ fuper inquifitionibus capiendis edito continente quod ft omifia forma in ftatuto illo or-dinata alique inquifitiones capiantur pro nullis penitus habeantur. Et ideo tibi precipimus fir-quod ftatim 8c fine dilatione

miter mjungentes

aliqua fac’ legi 8c publicari in civitatibus burgis villis mercatoriis & locis aliis folempnibus per totam balli-

vam tuam ubi videris expedire otnnes articulos fupradi&os ut illos quos conceflimus ac teneri volumus 8c fir-miter obfervari in forma predidla integre 8c inconcufle ac omnia 8c ftngula fupraferipta omnibus feire fac’ in dilate. T. R. apud Weftm’ fecundo die April \

Ordinatio de Libertatibus perquirendis, made 27 Edw. I. St at. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1299.

1

In what Cafes the Wiit of Ad quod dampnum is to be fued. A CommifTion may be granted to

receive Atturneys for fuch as be impleaded.

In What Calej ‘ TT is to he known. That the King ordained at the Writ ad ‘ I Wejlminfter, the firft Day of April', * the Seven quod dampnum « ■*- an(i iwerrt\eih Year of his Reign, that fuch as 'IvLcJtwAi'th ‘ would purchafe a new Park, and Men of Religion ' ‘ that would amortife Lands or Tenements, fhould ‘ have Writs out of the Chancery to enquire upon

Cotton MS. Vefpajian, B. 7.

IpAIT aflaver qe le Roy ordeina a Weftm’ le \ primer jour Daverell’ lan de fon regne xx" qe ceux qe voudreient purchacer novel emparke-ment & gentz de Religion qe vodreient terrez ou te-nementz amortir eient briefe en la Chaunc’ pur enquere folom lez pointz acuftumez en tiels chofez

a This Note is on the Roll, Confimile ftatutum ufque ibi Et ideo tibi precipimus, Sec, miffum fuit fubfcriptls v:delicct Thefaurario Sc Baro--nibus dc Scaccario Rogero de Brabanzoun Sc fociis fuis Juftic’ ad placita R. audienda Sc terminanda aflignatis Johanni de Metingham Sc fociis fuis Juftic’ dc Banco Regis cum claufula ifta Et ideo vobis mandamus quod cartam prediSlam coram vobis in Banco prcdiSlo left & omnes & Cmgulos 4r'iculos fupradiftis ut illos quoi concejfimus & teneri volumus quatcnui VOS & partes coram vobis placitahtes conlingunt integre & inconcuj/e obfervari faciatis, T. R. apud fVeftmi' fecundo die April*.

Et

Stat. 2.

137

Cotton MS,

Et qe I.ez en.quefte.2 dez. terres Sc tcncrr.cntz qe vaillent per an au pRis de xxs, foient raandez al E,fchec[ie> & la. faccnt la ft a pur le amortizermeut o.u pur lemparkement auxi come lez enqueftez averrent pur cux qe lezpurchacent Etdillenqs foit mande au Chaunc’ ou a fon lieu tenant ceo qi;l deuera faire Et dez enqueftez faitz pur terre amor-ti.r dez tenem.en.tz qe namont per an outre xx. s. per eftente Sc d.e xx. s. en aval vo.et le Roy qe cel-fez foient envoiez au Chaunceller ou a ion heu tenant, Sc quil preignent refonable iin folom la q 11 anti te de la choie puis lez dclivere.

En me fine la manere foit fait de ceux qe vou-drent puixhacer terre ou tenementz qe font tenuz du Roy en chief.

Item les gentz demurantz la outre qe voillent purcbac’ briefe de protection ou general attourne faire foient envoiez al Efchcqier Sc la facent lour fin.

Item gentz de non pocr de travailler & gentz de lqinteins Countrez qe pledertt ou qe font emple-dez eient brief de la Chaunc’ a afeun fuffiiant homm.e qe refceivelour attournez qant meftre ferra.

Et pur remembrance de cefte chofe eft cefte en-denture fait en .treys. parties .doijt lune demur.ge en la Chaunc’ lautre en lefchcqier. Sc la tierce partie en la garderobe.'

‘ the Points accuftomed in * all Things; (2) and that * Read fitch.

‘ Enquefts of Lands or Tenements that be worth ‘ yearly more than Twenty Shillings, f that is to wit, f Not in Orig. ‘ by Extent, be returned into the Exchequer, and there 1 to make Fine for the Amortifements, or for the Park ‘ having, if the Enquefts do pafs for him that pur-c chafed them ; (3) and after it fball be certified unto ‘ the Chancellor or his Deputy, that he take a rcafona-‘ blc Fine therefore, and after make Delivery.

‘ II. In like Manner they Ihall do, that will purchafe Purcliafe nf

‘ Lands or Tenements holden of the King in chief. Lands holden

m chie.1.

‘ III. Alfo People dwelling beyond the Sea, that Purcbafing of ‘ have Lands, Tenements, or Rents in England, if PrcteSions,

‘ they will purchafe Letters of Protection, or will ‘ make general Atturneys, they fliall be fent unto the Su^Ei.s.

‘ Exchequer, and there Ihall make their Fines, andpat,

‘ from thence Ihall be fent unto the Chancellor or his ‘ Deputy, for that which he ought to do therein.

‘ IV. In like Manner they Ihall do, that will pur-Purchafing of c chafe any Fair, Market, Warren, or any other Li- Liberties.

‘ berty. (2) Alfo fuch as will purchafe attermining of ‘ their Debts Ihall be fent into the Exchequer.

‘ V. Alfo, fuch as be not able to travel, and People Atturney.

‘ that dwell in far Countries from the Chancery, which 20 H. 3. c. 10, ‘ plead or be impleaded, Ihall have a Writ o.ut of the Raft- 96,

‘ Chancery to fome fufficient Man, that Ihall receive ‘ their Atturneys when Need is.

* VI. And for a Remembrance of thefe Things, c there is an Indenture made, divided into Three Parts,

‘ whereof One Part remaineth in the Chancery, ano-‘ ther in the Exchequer, and the Third in the Ward- Regift,

‘ robe.’	•	Raft. *5.

Stat. De falfa Moneta, made Anno 27 Edw. I. a

Ex Rot. in Turn. Load. m. p.

1"*. D W ARID par la grace.de' Dieu roi dEngleterre feignur dlrland c Dues dAquitaine a vifeunte de Ex Sumerfete e Dorl’ete fahiz. Pur ceo qc noftre Roiaume e les autres terres de noftre feignurie funt repieni? de diverfe mauveifes manees que funt appellez Pollardz e-Crokardz e par autres nons les queles font pqrtees e my.s en dit Roiaume e aillours en noftre poer par diverfe gentz de la outre e la eins defpendues diverfement a grant dammage de nous e de tout noftre poeple nous par commun afientement des Prelatz des Countes e des Barouns de meifme 1c roiaume avoms fur ceo ordene e eftablc remedie folonc le? articles que fenfuyent. Primerement qe nul deformes teles moneies ne porte en le dit noftre Roiaume me. aillours cn ;noftre poer fur forfeture de vie c des biens e de quant qil porra forfaire iftint tote voies qe totes gentz de qlicq’ terre ou de queq’ pais qil foient pdiflent fauvement porter a noftre chaunge totes mat pares des moneies de bon argent de queq’ coign de la outre ou de queque val.ue qe cles foient faunz ceo qe eles foient forfaiteis. E pur .ceo qe cell eftablifement valer ne porra ft bien ne foit rnayntenu ordene eft qe bone garde eftraite fe face en touz les lieux fur la coftere de la mer es portz e aillours ou nule manere de ariyail eft par bons e dpiaux juretz qe ceux qi teles ou autres mauveifes monees porteront arrefteint ove meifmes )es moneies e oye tout ceo qil averont. e qe meifmes ceux envoient a cely ou a ceux qi de par nous poer avera ou averont pur myfe de.eux Mes cefti.poer pur ceo qe nous ne fumes pas uncore avifes quele manere de myfe nous envoderoms faire avoms nous retenutz a nous .meifmes. . E voloms quant al areft avandit qil ce face en cete manere peft afa.vc.ir.qe la communaute de chefcun port ellife deux bons e ioials hommes de meifmes le ports pur les queux les ellifours vouderont refpondre qi ove les baillifs de meifmes le ports arre-ftent e ferchentloiaumente faunz defports touz ceux qui ariveront deinz kur gardes e tout ceo qil porteront e les cors de ceux qil troveront qi teles ou autres mauveifes moneies averont portetz envoient faunz delay a noftre chef prifon du counte en quel il ferront arrivetz. E voloms e comaundoms qe le gardeyn de meilme la prifon les reteyne e fauvement les garde taunt qe nous facchoms la manere du fait e qe nous corns fur ceo rnaunde noftre volunte. E la moneye e autre argent ft lui eit deyvent meifmes les gardeyns envoier e livercr a noftre grant chaunge e des autres biens eux meifmes charger e refpoundre a noftre efeheker. Dautre part

* This was firft inferted by Mr. Serjeant Hawkins.

VOL, I.

T

pur

A. D. 1300,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

pur ceo qe nous avoms entendu qe len contrefait par de la le bon efterling de mauvais e de faus metal pur plus grant dammage faire a noftre Roiaume avantdit nous avoms enfement ordene qe touz ceux qi efterlings por-teront de la outre en meifme le Roiaume ou aillours en noftre poer deivent bailler e baillent meifmes ceux efterlings a ditz gardcins des portz ou il arriveront e qe meifmes ceux gardeins fouz leur feaux e fouz les feaux de ceux qi les porteront e par bon tcfmoignage des bones gentz de meifmes les portz les envoyenttauntoft a procheyns affaiours qi aflignetz fcrrount depar nous pur le afay faire de moneye. E deyvent meifmes les gardeyns envoier les cors ove les deners fauvement e en curteife manere. E fi les affaiours trouffent les de-ners bons e loiaux en pois e en argent e en totes autres chofes folonc la veil eftandard dEngleterre maynte-naunt defarreftent les cors e leur deliverent les deners qil averont enfuit portetz e fi faufes foient troves forfait z foient e les cors a noftre volunte. Derechef ordene eft qe nuls deformes de noftre Roiaume ne de noftre poer ne vende ne Teffe laines ne quirs ne peaux ne plum ne eftaim forke pur bons e loiaux efterlings ou pur plate de argent affaie e merche a noftre grant chaunge ou en efchaunge de bone de loiale e de fuffilant mar-chaundife e fi nul le fait autrement e de ceo foit atteynt par les ditz gardeyns ou par autres de nos miniftres qe les chofes iflint vendues ou lefl’ees nous foient forfaites. Uncore eft ordene qe nule bone moneye de argent de noftre coign nede atitri ne nul argent en plate ne en autre manere ne iffe ne porte ne foit hors de noftre R-oiaume ne hors de noftre poer en les parties de la outre faunz efpeciale conge de nous fur la peyne defufdite. E a cete chofe garder enfemblement ove les autres pointz avantditz devent meifmes gardeyns mettre diligence e peine en toufes les bones maneres qil porront. E ceux meifmes gardeyns avant qe il receivent la garde avantdite deyvent jurer devant les vifcuntes ou devant leur chefs gardeyns h ou il ne funt a vifcuntes refponantz qe il feronte tenderont loiaument e faunz nule lafchefte tant com en eux eft tut ce qe a cete garde aparticnt felonqe la forme avandite. E fil facent releis ou defportz a nuly pur doen ou pur favour ou en aucune autre manere e de ceo foient atteynt qil foient cn forfaiture de vie e de quant qil ount. Derechef come ordene foit qil y eit table aDovre e aliours ou nous ordeneroms paffages certeyns pur chaunger defpens neceffetres as alantz e as venantz fi avoms ja affigne Johan Bellard Johan Galeys e leur compaignons a tenir table a Dovre de par nous de totes maneres de moneirs. E voloms qe il facent iloeques chaunge pur defpens neceffeires as alauntz la outre e as venaunz de dela par vewe e tefmoignaunce de countrerolleour qe nous y metteroms e qe totes gentz qe venderont de la outre portaunzmoneie qe curt en poer leroi de Fraunce portent meifme la moneie a la dite table e illoeques receyvent al aveignaunt de la moneie qe curt en noftre Roiaume. E fil foient trove nule part ailours ove tiele moneie qe meifme la moneie nous foit forfaite e le forfait tourne a la dite table a noftre oeps. Pur quoi nous vous mandoms fermement enjoignantz qe mayn-tenaunt vevves cetes lettres'touz les articles e pointz avantditz facent crier e publier en cites e burghs viles marchaundes portz e touz autres lieux parmy voftre bailie la ou vous verretz qe foit afaire E gardeyns efta-blir e jurer e cete noftre ordenaunce tenir e garder en la forme defufdite fur les peynes en meifme cete forme countenues. Don’ a Stebenheth le quintime jour de May lan de noftre regne vint feptiftne.

Statutum de TVardis et Releviis^ fa&nm Anno 28 Edw. I. Stat. 1. A. D»

1300.

Cotton AES.- Claudius, D. 2.

52 H. 3, r. 17. TO U S devez favoir qe la ou relief eft done qe illeoqes appent garde & econtre & ceux qi tiegnent ert \f ferjauntie Daler ovele Roi en fon hoft qe illeoqes appent garde & relief Mes ceux qi tiegnent en petit v ferjauntie come de porter efcu ou Iaunce en loft le Roi ou decarier la ne gift garde ne relief ne fraunk fokeman durra garde ne relief mes ils doublerount fa ferme apres la mort lour Aunceftres felonc ceo qils pur-rount paier lour Seignur & il neint outre mefure greve.

Ore oiez la nature de garde avoir deux maneres des briefs font de garde avoir.

Ceft affavoir la ou homme ticnt dun autre un ten. en focage la garde de la terre qeft: tenu per fervice de Chivaler appent au chief Seignur & la mariage & doit iflint eftre marie qele ne foit defparage come la graunt ■Garden en	Chartre voet Cap. iii. Et fi eft lage & la garde de cel Heire xxi. an La garde del Heire qe tient en focage fi

focage.	la terre ou leritage defcend de part fa miere donqes appent au pluis profchein parent de part fon piere autre

per fee de Haubergh & le. tenant fe leffe morer donqes poet le chief Seignur ill foit deforce demaundre la garde de la terre h del heire celui & il avera la garde & le mariage.

Lautre eft quaunt une homme eft feffe dune verge de terre & aun autre de un carve	du terre le fecond	Seignur ne poet mie port brief de garde avoir de la terre & del heire qar la garde	appent	a celui de qifonAun-

^ r _	ceftre fuift primes feffe la terre la ou il y ad terre en fa main en noun du garde	& il neft mye heir donqes	purra

S	“S	porter brief a demaundre le Heir fanz fa terre, &c.

fv.ng Rower 10 Tether to difpofc of the Wardjhif of his Child by Will, and which ebolijhes IVardJhiR by Reafon of Tenure by Knight's Service*

' A Statutt

Anno vicefimo odtavo Edwardi I.

Stat. 2.

139

A Statute for Perfons Appealed, made Anno 28 Edw. 1. Stat. 2.

Anno Dom. 1300.

What Procefs fhall be awarded againft thofe that be appealed by Approvors.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

CUM certi Juftic’ in fingulis Comitatibus regni ad Aflifas in eifdem capiend’ de novo fint aflignati fimulque ad liberationem gaola-rum eorundem Comitatuum in fingulis adventibus fuis faciend’ poft captioncm earundem Affifarum prout in ftatuto domini Regis inde confedto ple-nius continetur.

Dominus Rex ad Parliamentum fuum apud Weftm’ anno regni fui vicefimo octavo pro pace firmius obfervanda feloniifque celerius convincend’

Sc prifonibus citius deliberandis conceflit ordinavit Sc ftatuit quod quicumque fuerint appellati per probatores exiftentes in gaolis quas ipfi Juftic’ de-liberant Sc ubicumque in regno ipfi appellati com-morantes fuerint aut latitantes quod ftatim man-detur Vic’ in quorum balliva taliter appellati fuerint commorantes aut poterint inveniri per breve domini Regis fub teftimonio eorumdem Juftic’ quod taliter appellatos capiant Sc ducere faciant ad gaolas ubi appcllatores per quos appellantur fuerint detenti Sc ibidem coram ipfis Juftic’ refpondeant.

Et ft ipfi appellati fe fuper patriam pofuerint fimi-liter mandetur per breve de judicio per eofdem Juftic: Vic’ in cujus balliva felonie fadte fuerint de

Juibus appellantur quod venire fac’ coram eifdem uftic’ inquifitioncm patrie ad eundem locum ubi appellatores Tint detenti Sc ad certum diem. Et Vicecomites Sc alii in quorum cuftodia appellatores detinentur admittant fine contradidtione appellatos per eofdem probatores cum iidem appellati capti fuerint in forma predidta Sc ad appellatores addudli.

and

earning

Hereas certain Juftices of late were afligned 27 Ed. r. flat. t. to take Affifes in all Shires of the Realm, c■ 3-and alfo to deliver the Gaols of the fame 44 Shires at every of their Comings after the taking of 44 fuch Aftifes, as more plainly is contained in a Sta-44 tute made by the King thereupon (2) 4 our Lord 4 the King, at his Parliament-holden at IVeJhninJler,

4 the eight and twentieth Year of his Reign, for more ‘ fure Obfervation of his Peace, and Felonies to be ‘ more quickly punifhed, and Prifoners to be fooner i H. 7. f. j.

4 delivered, hath granted, ordained, and provided, That Fit*. Coron.

4 whofoever be appealed by Provors, being in Prifons 2-5>	3?7>

‘ which the farm: Juftices do deliver (and wherefoever 4 in our Realm that fuch Appealees be dwelling *) that * Add «- lurking. 4 immediately it fltall be commanded to the Sheriff,

4 in whofe Bailiwick the Parties fo appealed be com-c morant or may be found, by the King’s Writ, un-4 der the Teflimony of the fame Juftices, that he do 4 take fuch Perfons appealed, and caufe them to be 4 brought unto the Gaols where the Appealors be kept 4 that appealed them, and they {hall anfwer there be-‘ fore the fame Juftices. (3) And if they that be ap-4 pealed will put themfelves upon the Country, it {hall 4 be commanded in like manner by a Judicial Writ,

4 from the fame Juftices to the Sheriff, in whofe Li-4 berty the Felonies were done, of which they were ‘ appealed, that he fltall caufe an Enquefc of the 4 Country to come before the fame Juftices, unto the ‘ fame Place where the Appealors be kept, at a certain 4 Day. (4) And the Sheriffs and other (in whofe 4 keeping fuch A.ppealors be detained) (hail receive ‘ without Contradiction thofe that be appealed by fuch 4 Provors, when the Parties appealed be taken in the 4 Form abovefaid, and brought unto the fame Ap-4 pealors.’	'	s'z'

oee farther con»

Appeals, 1IJ. 4. c. 14. S Ii, 6. c. ic. io H» 6. c 6.	3	II.	7.	c.	1.	2	3	Ed.	6.	r,	24.

Articuji luper Chartas, made at Weftminfter, Anno 28 Edw. I. Stat. 3*

and Anno

Ex Roi. In Turr. Lond. m. 33.

PUR ceo qe les poyntz de la grant Chartre des Franchifes e la Chartre de la Foreft les quieus le Roy Henri pere le Roi eje ore eft granta a foen poeple pur le pru de foen Roiaume ne eunt pas efte tenuz ne gardez avant ces heures pur ceo qe peyne ne fuft avant eftablie en les trefpaf-fours contre les poyntz dcs chartres avantdites noftre feigneur le Roi les ad de novel grante reno-vele e conferme & a la requefte des Prelats Contes e Barouns en foen parlement a Weftmonfter en quaremme lan de foen Regne vynt Sc utifme ad certei.ne fourme e peyne ordene e eftalili encontre tuz iceaus qe contre le poyntz des avantdites chartres ou nul poynt de eles en nule manere vendront en la fourme qe fenfuit.

Dom. 1300.

44 "|Y*Orafmuch as the Articles of the Great Charter 44 of Liberties, and of the Charter of the Foreft, 44 -a- the which King Henry, Father of the King 44 that now is, granted to his People for the Weal cf 44 his Realm, have not been heretofore obfened ne 44 kept, becaufe there was no Punifhment executed 44 upon them which offended againft the Points of the 44 Charters before mentioned ; our Lord the King hath 44 again granted, renewed, and confirmed them, at the 44 Requeft of his Prelates, Earls, and Barons, aflem-44 bled in his Parliament holden at JVjhnlrjlcr, the 44 eight and twentieth Year of his Reign, ana hath or-44 dained, enabled, and eftablilhed certain Articles 44 againft all them that offend contrary to the Points 44 of the faid Charters, or any Part of them, cr that in 44 any wife tranfgrefs them, in the Form that enfueth.” T 2	C	A	P.

140 Stat. 3

Anno vicefimo o&avo Edward 1 I

A. D. 1300.

CAP. I„

A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft.

i Inff. 537.	4	' | 1 HAT is to fay, That from henceforth the great

a Confirmation «	Charter of the Liberties of England, granted to

Gr“f. 4 all the Commonalty of the Realm, and the Charter C'.urter of 'the2 ‘ °f the Foreft, in like Manner granted, fhall be ob-Voreft.	‘	ferved, kept, and maintained in every Point, in as

4 ample wife as the King hath granted, renewed, and 4 confirmed them by his Charter, (a) And that the ■ Charters be delivered to every Sheriffof England un-4 der 'the King’s Seal, to be read four Times in the 4 Year before the People in the full County, that is to 4 wit, the next County-day after the Feaft of Saint 4 Michael, and the next County-day after Chri/lmas, Commifiionors ‘ anj at the next County after Eqjler, and at the next to enquire o < County after the Feaft of Saint John. (3) And for

UtTsnces done ,	,	1	.	J . r	.

contrary to the thele two Charters to be firmly oblerved m every Charters. 4 Point and Article (where before no Remedy was at 4 the Comnion Law) there fhall be chofen in every 4 Shire-Court, by the Commonalty of the fame Shire,

4 three fubftantial Men, Knights, or other lawful,

4 wife, and well-difpofed Perfons, which fhall be Juf-4 tices fworn and afligned by the King’s Letters Pa-4 tents under the Great Seal, to hear and determine 4 (without any other Writ, but only their Commif-4 (ion) fuch Plaints as fhall be made upon all thofe 4 that commit or offend againft any Point contained in 4 the forefaid Charters, in the Shires where they be 4 affigneu, as well within Franchifes as without, and 4 as well for the King’s Officers out of their Places, as 4 for other, and to hear the Plaints from Day to Day 4 without any Delay, and to determine them, without 4 allowing the Delays which be allowed by the Com-4 man Law. (4) And the fame Knights fhall have 4 Power to punifh all fuch as fhall be attainted of any 4 Trefpafs done contrary to any Point of the forefaid 4 Charters fwhere no Remedy was before by the Com-4 mon Law) as before is faid, by Imprifonment, or by 4 Ranfom, or by Amerciament, according to the Tref-4 pafs. (5) Neverthelefs the King, nor none of thofe 4 that made this Ordinance, intend, that by virtue 4 hereof any of the forefaid Knights fhnll hold any Plea 4 by the Power which fliall be given them in fuch Cafe,

4 where there hath been Remedy provided in Times 4 paffed, after the Courfe of the Common Law by 4 Writ, nor alfo that any Prejudice fhould be done to 4 the Common Law, nor to the Charters aforefaid in 4 any Point. (6) And the King ivilleth, That if all 4 three be not prefent, or cannot at all Times attend 4 to c!o their Office in Fo.m aforefaid, that two of them Other officer! ‘ fliall do it. (7) And it is ordained, That the King’s Anil be attend- c Sheriffs and Bailiffs fliall be attendant to do the Com-. ooTWffilners ‘ mandments of the forefaid Juftices, as far forth as 4 appertaineth unto their Offices. (8) And belides 4 thefe Things granted upon the Articles of ti e Char-4 ters aforefaid, the King of his fpecial Grate, for 4 Redrefs of the Grievances that his People hath fuf-4 tained by reafon of his Wars, and for the Amend-4 ment of their Eftate, and to the Intent that they may 4 be the more ready to do him Service, and the' more 4 willing to affift and aid him in Time of Need, hath 4 granted certain Articles, the Which he fuppofeth 4 fhall not only be obferved of his liege People, but 4 alfb fhall he as much profitable, or more, than the 4 Articles heretofore granted.’

3 . •

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

CE S T afavoir qe de ci en avant la Grant Char-tre des Franchifes dEngleterre grantee a tote la commune dEngleterre e la Chartre de IaForefte en meifme la manere grantee foient tenues gardees e me.yntenues en chefcun article e chefcun poynt aufi pleinement come le Roi ad grante renovele e par fa chartre conferme. E qe celes chartres foient baillees a chefcun vifeont dEngleterre defciitz le feal le Roi a lire quatre foiz.par un devant le poeple en plein conte ceft afavoir a prochein conte apres la feint Michel al prochein conte apres le Noel al prochein conte apres la Pafqe Seal prochein conte apres la feint Johan. Et a celes deus chartres en chefcun poynt e en chefcun article de eles ferme-riient tenir ou remedie ne fuft avant par la commune ley foient efliis en chefcun conte par la commune de meifme le conte trois prodes hommes chivaliers ou autres loiaux fages e avifes qui foient Jtiftice's jures e affignes par les lettres le Roi overtes de foen grant feal de oyr e determiner fantz autre bref qe leur commun gararit les pleintes qe le ferront de touz iceaus qe vendront ou mefprendront en nul des ditz poyntz des avantdites chartres les contetz ou il font affignes aufi bien dedenz franchifes come dehors e aufi bien des miniftres le Roi hors de leur places come des autres. Et les pleintes oyes de jour en jour fantz delay les terminent fanz alluer les delais qe font allues par commune ley. £ qe meifmes ceaus chevaliers eint poer de punir touz ceaus qe ferront atteintz de trefpas fait en-contre nul point des chartres avantdites ou remedie ne full avant par commune ley aufi ccm'e avant eft dit par enprifonement ou par ranceoun ou par amerciement felonc ceo qe le trefpafs le demande., Et par ceo nentent pas le Roi ne nul de ceaux qe fuft a ceft ordenement fere qe les chivaliers avant-ditz tiegnent nul play parJe-poer qe done leur ferra encas ou avant ces houres fuft remedie purveu folonc la commune ley par bref ne qe prejudice en-foit fet a la commune ley ne a les chartres avantdites en nul de leur pointz. E voet le Roi qe fi touz treis ne foient prefentz ou ne purront as totes les foiz entendre a faire leur office en la fourme avantdite qe deus des trois le facent. E ordehe eft qe les vifeontes e les baillifs le roi foient enten-dantz as les comandeSmenlz des avantdites juftices en quant qe apent a leur office. E eftre ceftes c'hofes grantees fur les poin'tz des chartrc's avantdites le Roi de fa grace efpeciale en aleggeanee-des grevances qe foen poeple ad eu par les guerres qe unt eft e en amendernent de leur eftat e'pur taunt qil foient plus preftz a fon fervice e plus vo-luntiers aidantz quaiint ilenavora afere r.d grante afeuns articles les quieus il entent c[i tendront aufi grant lieu a fon poeple & aufi grant profift ferront ou plus qe les points avant grantes.

Anno vicefimo o&avo Edwardi I.

Stat. 3

I4I

CAP. II.

None flnall take Prifes, but the King’s Purveyors and their Deputies.

Ex-Rot. inTurr. Lond.

EMprimechief pur ceo qc une grant grevance eft en ceft Roiaume e damage fanz noumbre de ceo que le Roi e fes miniftres de fa meignee au-fibieii les aliens come les denzeyns fount leur prifes la ou il paffent par mi le Roiaume e pernent les hiens de gentz des clers e des lays fanz rien paer ou bien meins qe la value :

Ordene eft qe de ci cn avant nul ne preigne prifes par mi le Roiaume fors qe les parnours le Roi e fes purveours pur loftel leRoi. E qe ceus parnours lc Roi e purveours pur foen Hoftcl ne preignent riens fors qe pur meifme loftel. E des prifes quil ferront par mi les pais de manger ou de boyure e autres menuz necelVaires pur loftel qil fa-cent la paye ou gre a ceus des queus les chofes ferront prifes.

E qe touz tieus parnours le Roi purveours ou achatours eient de ci en avant leur garant ovefqes eus du grant feal ou de petit feal le Roi contenant leur poer e les chofes dount il frount prifes ou pur-veance le quel garant il munftreront as ceus des quieus il frount la prife avant ceo qil enpreignent rien.

E qe ceus parnours purveours ou achatours lc Roi ne preignent plus qe bufoigne e mefter ne feit pur leRoi c foen hoftel e de fes enfantz.

E qe riens ne preignent pur ceus qe font a gages ne purnul autre.

E qil refpoignent-en loftel e en la garderobe pleinement des totes leur prifes fans fere ailleours leur largcfces ou liverees de chofe qe pur le Roi foit prife.

E frnul parnour de loftel le Roi par garant qil cit face prifes ou liverees en autre manure qe delus neft dit par pleinte fete al Senefchal e el Trcfourer del hoftel le Roi foit la verite enquife. E ft deceo feit atteint foit g:e meintenant fait au pleintif efoit hofte du fervife le Roi pur touz jours e demoerge en prilbn a la volente le Roi.

E ft mil face prifes fantz garant e lemport en-countre la volunte de celui a qi les biens font foit meintenant areftu par la ville ou la prife ferra fete e mene a la procheine gaole e ft de ceo foit atteint foit la fait de lui come de larroun ft la quandte des biens le demande.

E quant as prifes fere en feires e en bones villes e portz pur la grant garderobe le Roi eient les parnours leur com'mun garant par le grant leal.

-E des chofes qil prendront eient la tefmoi nance du feal du gardein de la garderobe e des chofes ifiint par eus prifes de noumbre de quantite e de la value foit faite dividende entre les parnours e les gardeins des'feires Meire ou chiefs.baillifs des villes e portz par la veue/des marchantz dcs quieus les biens fer-tont illint pris. E'riens ne lui foit fuffert de plus

SEcondarily, Forafmuch as there is a great Grievance in this Realm, and Damage without Mea-fure, for that the King and the Minifters of his Houfe, as well of Aliens as Denizens, do make great Prifes where they pafs through the Realm, and take the Goods as well of Clerks as of Lay-people, without paying therefore any thing, or elfe much lefts than the Value:”

* II. It is ordained, That from henceforth none do No Purveyor! take any fuch Prifes within the Realm, but only the frail take any King’s Takers, and the Purveyors for his Houfe; p/‘fes but the

(2)	and that the King’s Takers and Purveyors of his K,ns ?> a"dtllcy Houfe fliall take nothing, but only for his Houfe. H0„fc°r

(3)	And touching fuch Things as they fhall take in Confirmed by the Country, of Meat and Drink, ; nd fuch other 4 Ed. 3. c. 4. mean Things neceflary for the Houfe, they fhall pay ^wea by 5 Ed. or make Agreement with them of whom the Things 3- V *•	.

fhall be taken. .	10Ed.3. fat...

* III. And that all the King’s Takers, Purveyors, 25 £d. 3. c. 1. or Catours, from henceforth fhall have their Warrant with them, under the King’s great or petty Seal, declaring their Authority, and the Things whereof they have Power to make Prife or Purveyance ; (2) Pu,ve)’orf(3,aI1 the which Warrant they fhall (hew unto them whole	^r"

Goods they take, before they take any Thing.	;r.

‘ IV. And that thofe Takers, Purveyors, or Catours 36Ed. 3. c.t. for the King, fhall take no more than is needful or Purveyors frail

meet to be ufed for the King, his Houfhold, and his '?ke mTe. C'. 1-ij	3	th^n is neediuJ.

Children.	_	izCar.*. c.24.

‘ V. And that they fliall not take any Thing for All Purveyance them that be in Wages, nor for any other.	taken away.

‘ VI. And that they fhall make full Anfwer in the 13 Car. 2. King’s Houfe, or in the Wardrobe, for all Things^gJ'^ taken by them, without making their Largeffes any cJZOw ** other where, or Liveries, of fuch Things as they fuff end ibe/aid have taken for the King.	12 Car. 2. in

‘ VII. And if any Taker for the King’s Houle, by	the

reafon of his Warrant, make any Prife or Liver Y>ra^d of'tUNavf otherwife than before is mentioned, upon Complaint ™„d Ordnance. made to the Steward, and to the Treafurer of the And tiknuife fee King’s Houfe, the Truth fhall be enquired. (2) And <beyearlyMuiry if he be attainted thereof, he fhall forthwith make Agreement with the Party, and fliall be put out of the King’s Service for ever, and fliall remain in Pri-fon at the King's Pleafure.

‘ VIII. And if any make Prife without Warrant, Taking without and carry it away againft the Will of the Owner, he Warrant Fe-fhall immediately be arrefted by the Town where the lony-Prife was made, and fhall be committed to the next Gaol; (2) and if he be attainted thereupon, it fliall be done unto him as unto a Felon, if the Quantity of the Goods do fo require.

‘ IX. And concerning Prifes made in Fairs, and Purveyances good Towns, and in Ports, for the King’s great Wardrobe, the Takers fhall have their common Warrant under the Great Seal.

‘ X. And for the Things that they fhall take, it fhall be teftified under the Sea! of the Keeper of the Wardrobe; (2) -and of thofe Things that they have taken, the Number of the Things, the Quantity, and the Value, fhall be fpecified in a Divi lent made between the Takers and the Keepers of Fairs, Mayors, or chief Bailiffs of Towns and Ports, by the

c View

made for the King's Ward" robe*

142 Stat. 3;	Anno	vicefimo	o&avo	Edward	1	I.	A.	D	1300.

c View of Merchants, whofe Goods (hall be fo taken ; ‘ (3) and they fhall not be fuffered to take any more ‘ than is contained in their Divident; (4) and the ‘ faid Divident fhall be taken into the Wardrobe under ‘ the Seal of the Warden, Mayor, or chief Bailiff ‘ aforefaid, and there fhall remain until the Accompt Repealed by ‘ of the Keeper of the King’s Wardrobe; (5) and 12 Car. z. c. 24. < jf it f,e fOLmd, that any hath taken otherwife than he ‘ ought to do upon his Accompt, he fhall be punifhed < by the Keeper of the King’s Wardrobe after his De-

*	fert; (6) and if any make fuch Frifcs without War-‘ rant, and be attainted thereupon, he fhall incur the ‘ fame Pain as they which take Prifes for the King’s ‘ Houfe without Warrant, as before is faid.

The King's c XI. Neverthelefs the King and his Council do not fmdJ"e ‘ intend, by reafon of this Eftatute, to diminifh the

*	King’s Right, for the ancient Prifes due and accu-

*	Homed, as of Wines and other Goods, but that his

*	Right fhall be faved unto him whole in all Points.’

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

.prendre qil ne mette en dividende e cele dividende foit porte en garderobe defutz le feal le gardein Meire ou chief baillif avantditz & lenz demoerge tantqe fur la conte du garderober le Roi. E ill foit trove qe nul eit autrement pris qe fere ne deveroit foit puny fur la conte parle gardein de la garderobe le Roi folom fa deferte e ft nul face tieus prifes fanz garant e fur ceo foit atteint foit fait de lui come de ceus qe fount prifes pur loftel le Roi fanz garant come defus eft dit.

E ne entent mie le Roi ne foen confail qe par ceft eftatut rien deftreffe au Roi de foen droit des aun-cienes prifes dues e acuftumes come des vyns & au-tres biens mes qe en touz pointz pleinement lui foit fauve.

CAP. III.

Of what Things only the Marfhal of the King’s Houfe fhall hold Plea. Which Coroners fhall enquire of the Death of a Man flain within the Verge.

Of what Tilings 1 only the Mar- c fhal of the c King’s Houfe c /hall hold Plea. ^ Farther provide i by jo Ed. 7. ftat. c 2..C. 2. * Si?. 2. c c. 5. 13 R. 2. c ilit. t. c. 2. c 1$ H. 6. c. i.

1	Buiftr. 208.

2	Inft, 547.	4

4 H. 6. f.S. 4 10 H. 6. f. 13. c Bro. A&ion fur c le flat. 38, 44.

Co. 12. 20. C 19 Co* 71.	*

4 Co. 46.

"Which Coroners c /h*!I inquire of < the Death of a < man fi tin with-in the Verge.

Concerning the Authority of Stewards and Mar-fhals, and of fuch Pleas as they may hold, and in what Manner, it is ordained, That from henceforth they fhall not hold Plea of Freehold, neither of Debt, nor of Covenant, nor of any Contrail: made between the King’s People, (2) but only of Tref-pafs done within the Houfe, and of other Trepaffes done within the Verge, and of Contrafls and Covenants that one of the King’s Houfe fhall have made with another of the fame Houfe, and in the fame Houfe, and none other where. (3) And they fhall plead no Plea of Trcfpafs, other than that which fhall he attached by them before the King depart from the Verge where the Trefpafs fhall be committed ; (4) and fhall plead them fpeedily from Day to Day, lo that they may be pleaded and determined before that the King depart out of the Limits of the fame Verge where the Trefpafs was done. (5) And if it fo be that they cannot be determined within the Limits of the fame Verge, then fhall the fame Pleas ceafe before the Steward, and the Plaintiffs fhall have Recourfe to the Common Law. (6) And from henceforth the Steward fhall not take Cognifance of Debts nor of other Things, but of People of the fame Houfe, nor fhall hold none other Plea by Obligation made at the Diftrefs of the Steward and of the Marfhals. (7) And if the Steward or Marfhals do any Thing contrary to this Ordinance, it fhall be holden as void. (8) And forafmuch as heretofore many Felonies committed within the Verge have been unpunifhed, becaufe the Coroners of the Country have not been authorized to enquire of fuch manner of Felonies done within the Verge, but the Coroner of the King’s Houfe, which never continued! in one Place, by reafon whereof there can be no Trial made in due Manner, nor the Felons put in Exigent, nor out-lawed, norany Thing prefented in the Circuit, the which hath been to the great Damage of the King, and nothing to the good Prefervation of his Peace; (9) it is ordained. That from henceforth in Cafes of the Death of Men, whereof the Coroner’s Office is to make View and Enqueft, it fhall be commanded to the Coroner of the Country, that he,

DE leftat du fenefchals e des marchals e des plez qe eus devient tenir e coment ordene eft qe deforemes ne tiegnent plai de frank tenement ne de dette ne de covenant ne de contract des gentzdu pueple fors tantfulement des trefpas de loftel & autres trefpas faitz dedenz la verge e de contraftz e eovenantz qe afeun de loftel le Roi avera fait a autre de meifme loftel e en meifme'loftel e he mie aillours. E nul plai de trefpas ne pledront autre qe ne foit attache par eus avant ceo qe le Roi ifle hors de la verge ou le trefpas ferra fait e les pledera haftivement de jour en jour ifEntqil foient parple-dez e termines avant ceo qe le Roi iffe hors des bundes de cele verge ou le trefpas fut fait. E 11 par cas dedenz les bundes de cele verge ne poent eftre termir.es cefient ceus plais devant le fenefchal & foient les pleintifs a la commune lei. Ne deforemes ne preigne le Senefchal conifances des dettes ne dautre chofe fors qe des gentz del loftel avant-dit. Ne nul autre plai ne teignent par obligacion faite a la deftrefee du Senefchal e des Marefchaus. E fi le Senefchal ou les Marefchaus rien facent countre ceft ordenement foit leur fet tenu pur nul. E pur ceo qe devant ces houres moutz des felonies fetes dedenz la verge unt efte defpur.ies pur ceo qe les Coroners des pais ne fe font pas entremis denquerre de tieus maneres des felonies dedenz la verge mes le Coroner de loftel le Roy qui eft paffant de qui iffue ne ad mie efte fete en due manere ne les felons mis en exigendes ne utlaghes ne rien de ceo prefente en Eire qe ad efte a'grant damage, du Roi e a meins bone garde de fa pees ordene eft qe deforemes en cas de mort de home ou office de Coroner appent as verves & enqtieftes de ceo fere foit mande le Coroner du pais qi enfemblement ove le Coroner del Hoftel face ioffice qi appent &

le

* P.cad c. 3!

Anno vicefimo odlavo Edvvardi I.

Stat. 3.	143

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. le mette en roulle. E ceo qe ne porra mie de-vant le Senefchal eftre termine par ceo qe les felons nei porront eftre attachetz ou par autre enchefon demoerge a la commune lei iflint qe les exigendes utlagheries e prefentementz en Eire foient de ceo fetz par le Coroner du pais aufmt come des autres felonies fetes dehors la verge. Mes pur ceo nefoit lefle qe les attachementz ne foient fetz frefchement fur les felonies faites.

c with the Coroner of the King’s Houfe, fhall do as •V33H.8.C.JZ. ‘ belongeth to his O.nce, and inroll it. (10) And who:’'

‘ that Thing that cannot be determined before the ‘ Steward, where the Felons cannot be attached, or Huii c for other like Caufe, fhall be remitted to the Com - jtaii tc tnid. c mon Lav/, (ri) fo that Exigents, Outlawries, and - law.. i6n.

*	Prefentments, fhall be made thereupon in Eyre by ‘ the Coroner of the Country, as well as of other Fe-‘ lonies done out of the Verge ; (12) neverthelefs they"

*	fhall not omit, by reafon hereof, to make Attach- Enforced t?

‘ ments frefhly upon the Felonies done.’	Ed‘	3'z’

CAP. IV.

Common Pleas fhall not be holden in the Exchequer.

ESTRE ceo mil comraun plai ne feit defore-mes tenu al Efchcqer countre la fourme de la Grant Chartre.

‘ Oreover no Common Fleas fhall be from hence- Dycr ?50>

‘ IVI forth holden in the Exchequer, contrary to the 5	3-A'-11

* Form of the Great Charter.’	Reaift.	187.	'

CAP. V.

The Chancellor and the Juftices of the King’s Dench fhall follow the King.

DAutre part le Roi voet qe le Chauncelerie e les Juftices de foen banc lui fuivent iflint qil eit touz jours pres de lui afeuns Sages de la lei qui fa-chent les bufoignes qe viegnent a la curt duement. deliverer a tote les foiz qe mefter ferra.

ND on the other Party, the King will, that 21.1ft, 531. the Chancellor and the Juftices of his Bench fhall follow him, fo that he may have at all Times near unto him feme Sages of the Lav/, which be able duly to order all fuch Matters as fhall come unto the Court at all Times, when bleed fhall require.’

CAP. YI.

No Writ concerning the Common Law fhall be awarded under any petit Seal.

DEfutz le petit Seal ne ifle deforemes nul bref | 6 Here fhall no Writ from henceforth, that touch- »in^. 534. qe touche la commune lei.	<	‘	A eth the Common Law, go forth under any of

I c the petty Seals.’

CAP. VII.

The Authority of the Conftable of the Caftle of Dover, touching holding Plea and Diftrefles.

IE Coneftable du chaftel de Dovere ne plede deforemes a la porte du chaftel nul plai forein du Conte qe ne tr.che la garde du chaftel. Le dii Coneftable ne deftreigne les gentz de cink portz a pleder aillours ne en autre manere qil ne deyvent folonc la fourme des chartres qil unt des Rois de leur franchifes aunciens afermees par la Grant Chartre.

e r T*' H E Conftable of the Caftle of Dover fhall not

*	A from henceforth hold any Plea of a foreign ‘ County within the Caftle Gate, except it touch the

*	keeping of the Caftle. (2) Nor fhall the faid Con-‘ ftable diftrain the Inhabitants of the Cinque Ports to e plead any otherwhere, nor otherwife, than they e ought after the Form of their Charter obtained cf the

{ King for their old Franchifes confirmed by the Great Reg;<t. 1$;. ‘ Charter.’	2	inft.	356.

CAP. VIII.

The Inhabitants of every County fhall make Choice of their Sheriffs, being not of Fee.

LE Roi ad grante a foen poeple qil eient efledtion < de leur vifeontes en chefcun Conte ou vif-conte ne eft mie de fee fil voclent,

*	HE King hath granted unto his People, that Alter ti I*

‘ A they fhall have Eledfion of their Sheriff in every 9 Ed. z.iut. 2. ‘ Shire (where the Shrivalty is not of Fee) if they 14 ej. 3. flat. 1.

*	lift.’

2 Inft. 559,

CAP.

14-4- Seat. 3.

Anno vicefimo o&avo Edwardi I.

A< D. 1300.

c A P. IX.

What Sort of People fhall be returned upon every Jury.

Co. Lit. isS. a. < ■'"l" HE King vvillcth and commanded), That no 4	£	Sheriff nor Bailiff fhall impanel in Inquefts

4 nor in Juries over many Perfons, nor otherwife than ‘ it is ordained by Statute ; (2) and that they fhall put 4 in thofe Inquefts and Juries fuch as be next Neighbours, moft fufficient, and leaf!: fufpicious. (3) And he that otherwife doth, and is attainted thereupon, fhall pay unto the Plaintiff his Damages double, and

See 13 Erf. 1. fiat. r. c. 3S.

21 EJ. 1 .fiat. 1 34- Ed. 3. c. 4. 42 Ed. 3. c. 11 7	8	W. 3. c,

&c. of Jurors,

2 toll- 561.

Kel, Si.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

E Roi voet e comande qc nul vifeonte ne bail-lif ne mette en enquefets ne en jurees plus des gentz ne autres ne en autre manere qil nefl cr-dene par eftatut e qil mettent en teles enquefles e jurees les plus procheins plus fuffi fantz e meins fufpecenous. E qi autrement le fra & de ceo foit atteint rende au pleintif fes damages au duble 8i foit en la greve merci le Roi.

‘ fhall be grievoufly amerced unto the King/

1 R. 3. c. 4.	11H.7.	t.	21.	4E8.(.j.	5	H.	8.	c.	5.	27 Eliz. c. 6 & 7.	4 & 5 JK S’ M. c. 14..

32. 3 G. 2, c. 25. 4 Geo. 2. c. 7. 6 Geo. 2. r. 37. 24 Geo. 2. e. iS. and 29 Geo. 2. c. 19, which Statutes providefarther for the Qua!if cations. Regift. 178, 179, 183.

CAP. X.

The Remedy againft Confpirators, falfe Informers, and Embracers of Juries.

Regift. lS8. Raft. 123, &c.

T N Right of Confpirators, falfe Informers, and evil I Procurers of Dozens, Affifes, Inquefts and Juries, the King hath provided Remedy for the Plaintiffs by a Writ out of the Chancery. (2) And notwith-ftanding, he willeth that his Juftices of the one Bench and of the other, and Juftices afligned to take Af-fifes, when they come into the Country to do their Office, fhall, upon every Plaint made unto them, award Inquefts thereupon without Writ, and fhall do Right unto the Plaintiffs without Delay.’

EN droit des confpiratours faus enfourmours e inauveis procureours des duzeines enquefts-affifes e jurees le Roi ad ordene remedie as plein-tifs par bref de Cfiancelerie. E ja dumeins voet qe fes Juftices de lun banc e de lautre e Juftices as affifes prendre affignes quaunt il viegnent en pais a fere leur office de ceo facent leur enqueftes a chefcuny pleinte fantz bref e fantz delai e facent droit as pleintifs.

CAP. XI.

Nothing fhall be taken to maintain any Matter in Suit.

3	Ed. i. 4,2.5 *, ‘c

13 Ed. I. flat. I, U c-49-	«

13H.4A.l7- cc

Fitz. Cham-perty, 3, 4, 6,	44

12, 14, 15.	‘

2 Inft. 118.	<

Enforced by	(

33 Erf. 1 fiat.

1 Ed. 3. ftat. 2. c. 14	4

4	Erf. 3. c. 11. c

40Erf. 3. c. 4. c 1 R. 2. c. 4. ami t 32 H. 8. c. 9. crair.fi buying of ‘Iillr, (Sc. “	«

21 Ed. 3. f. 52. < Bro. Champerty, ( 11.	‘	<

Raft. 119, 427, c £cc.	4

AND further, becaufe the King hath heretofore ordained by Statute, that none of his Mini-fters fhall take no Plea for Maintenance, by which Statute other Officers were not bounden before (his Time;” (2) 4 The King will, that no Officer nor any other (for to have Part of the Thing in Plea) fhall not take upon him the Bufmefs that is in fuit; (3) nor none upon any fuch Covenant fhall give up his Right to another ; (4) and if any do, and he he attainted thereof, the Taker fhall forfeit unto the King fo much of his Lands and Goods as doth amount to the Value of the Part that he hath pur-chafed for fuch Maintenance. (3) And for this At-teindre, whofoever will, fhall be received to fue for the King before the Juftices, before whom the I lea hangeth, and the Judgment fhall be given by them. (6) But it may not be underftood hereby, that any rerfon fhall be prohibit to have Counfcl of Pleaders, or of learned Men in the Law for his Fee, or of his Parents and next Friends/

DErechief pur ceo qe le Roi avoit avapt ordene par eftatut qe nul de fes Miniftres ne preift nul plai a champart e par cel eftatut autres qe Miniftres ne eftoient pas avant ces houres a ceo lieez voet le Roi qe nul Miniftre ne mil autre pur part aver de chofe qe eft en plai enpreigne les bu-foignes qe font en plai. Ne nul fur tieu cove-naunt foen droit.ne lefle a.autri. E ft nul le fet e de ceo foit atteint foit forfet e encoru devers le Roi des biens ou de terres lempernour la value dgu-tantcome fa partie de fon pui'chaz par tele enprife amontera. E a ceo atteindre foit refeeu celui qui fuire vodra pur le Roi devant les Juftices devant quieus le plai avera efte e par eus foit le agard fet. Mes en ceo cas ne eft mie a entendre qe home ne puet aver confail de contours e des fages gentz pur du foen donant ne des fes parentz e fes procheir.s.

C A P. XII.

What Diftrefs fhall be taken for the King’s Debt, and how it fhall be nfed.

4 H. 7. E 3.

2 Inft 565,

51 H. 3. ftat.4. 32 H. 3. c.4.

FROM henceforth the King will, that fuch, trefles as are to be taken lor his Debts fhall

Dif-

fhall not

be made upon Beafts of the Plough, fo long as a Man may find any other, upon the fame Pain that is elle-wherc ordained by Statute, tife. (z) And he will not that over-great Diftrefles fhall be taken for his

AU c. z?,&33.

DErechief voet le Roi qe deftrefees qe font a fere pur fa dette ne foient fetz. par belles des carues tant come home puet autre trover folunc ceo qe ordene eft aillours par eftatut ove la peine &c. E ne voet qe trop grive deftrefee foit prife pur fa dette ne trop loinz menc e ft le dettour

puffe

Stat.

H5

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. puiTe trover fuffift’aunte e covenable feurte jefques a unjour deinz le jour le vifconte dedenz le quel home en pufl'e purchafer remedie ou fere gre de la-demande foit la deftrefce releffee endementcrs. E qui autrcment fra foit grevement puny.

Debts, nor driven too far ; (3) and if the Debtor can

find able and' convenient Surety until a Day before

the Day limited to the Sheriff, within which a Man

may, purchafe Remedy * to agree for the Demand, * Read or.

the Diftrefs fhall be releafed in the mean Time •

(4) and he that otherwifc doth, fhall be grievoufly Regift. 97, jSj, punifhed.’	pIj-	226.

C A P. XIII.

"What Sort of Perfons the Commons of Shires fhall chufe for their Sheriffs.

EPur ceo qe le Roi ad grante la eflcdtion de vifconte a eus des coritez voct le Roi qil efli-fent lieu vifconte qe ne les charge mie ne mette nul mi.niftre en bailie pur lower ne pur donn e tieus qe ne fe herbergent mie trop fovent en un lieu ne fut les poveres ne fur les religious.

<C A hTD forafmuch as the King hath granted the 2 lnft. ;66.

“ J~\. Election of Sheriffs to the Common? of the See 9 Ed. 2.

“ Shire;” (2) ‘ the King will, that they fhall chufeAp’1\Th°Jha!l c fuch Sheriffs that fhall not charge them, and that c’^s‘

‘ they fhall not put any Officer in Authority for Re-‘ wards or Bribes ; and fuch as fhall not lodge too oft ‘ in one Place, nor with poor Perfons, or Men of Rc-* ligion.’

CAP. XIV.

Bailiwicks and Hundreds fhall not be letten too dear, to charge the People with Contribution.

DErechief qe les baillifs e les. hundredz du Roi ne des autres grantz feignurs de la terre ne foient leffes a trop grant fumme aferme par quei le poeple foit greve ne charge par contribucion fake a teles fermes.

* TV ROM henceforth the King will, That the Bai- 2 Inft 5 ‘ .IF Iiwicks and Hundreds of the King, nor of other Enforced and ‘ great Lords of the Land, be not let to Ferm at over amended by

‘ great Sums, whereby the People are over-charged by + E£- %• e- 'S’

‘ making Contribution to fuch Perms.’	'■

C- 5. and 23 H, 6. c, 9. prohibiting Sheriffs from letting any Part of their Hundreds or Bailrwieks•

■ C A P. XV.

V In Summons and Attachments in Plea of Land the Writ fhall contain Fifteen Days.

If N fombnfes e en attachementz en plai de terre deforemes contiegne la fomonfe e latache-ment le terme de xv. jours a tot le meins folonc la commune lei fil ne feit en attachement des affifes prendre en prefence le Roi ou des pies devant Juf-tices en eire durant leire.

c |N Summons and Attachments in Plea of Land, .	j(-

‘ J. the Summons and Attachments from henceforth f ‘ flia.ll contain the Term of Fifteen Days full at the Bro. Aitach. j. ‘ lead according to the common Law, if it be not in 4, <S, 7.8.9> IC?> ‘ Attachment of Affifes taken in the King’s Prefence,	‘5>	‘7*

‘ or of Pleas before Juftices in Eyre during the Eyre.’

CAP. XVI.

What fhall be done with them that make falfe Returns of Writs.

S O IT fet de ceus qe font fans retourns au man-dement le Roi par quei dreiture eft delaie aufi come ordene eft en le fecund eftatut d.e. Weftm’ ove la peine.

* ^T'HAT fhall be done with them that make falfe ,Inft jcg,

‘ Ji Returns (whereby Right is deferred) as it is ‘ ordained in the feebnd Statute'of TFeJlmiiifter^ with 13 flat, t, ‘ like Pain.’	•	'	c-	39-

CAP. XVII. •

The Statute of Wtfichefler {ball be read four Times in the Year, and put in Execution..

EPur ceo qe moutz des meffefours font en la

terre plus qe mes ne foleient e roberies arfuns

e homicides fetes'fanz norribre e la pees meins bien

gardee par ceo qe leftatut qe le Roi fill faire r.ad-

gueres a Wynceftre nad pas efte tenu voet le Roi

qe cel eftatut foit de novel envoie en chefcun conte

e leu e pupplie quatre fojz par an aufi come les

deUs Grahti Chartres e fermement garde en chef-

cuh point fur les peines qe lenz font affifes. Et a Voi, 1,

A

ND forafmuch as there be more Malefactors in the Realm, than had wont to be, and that Robberies, Burnings, and Mah-flaughters are committed out of Meafure, and the Peace little obfer-ved, by Reafon that the Statute which the King not long paft caufed to'he made at Wincbe/ter is not obferved j” (2) ‘ the King will; That the fame Statute be fent again into every County, to be read and publifhed four Times in the Year, and kept in every Point as ftraitly as the two Great Charters, upon the Pains (herein limited. (3) And for the obferving.and • •	U	‘	Maintenance

2‘Inft. 5613.

Anno vicefimo o&avo Edward.i I. A.D. 1300.

4 Maintenance of this Statute, the three Knights, that * be afligned in the Shires for to redrefs;Things done jjEd.	4	againft the faid- Great Charters, {hall be charged,

c. 1.	'	at,t-4 a^nd (httil have their Warrant therefore.'

Ex'Rcl. in Turr. Lond. cel eftatut.garder e meintenir foient charge les.trota chivalers qui font aflignez, par, mi les contez:pur adrefter. les chofes.fetes contre les Grantz Chartres e de ceo eient garant,.

CAP, XVIII.

Efcheators fhall commit no Wafte in Wards Lands.

n rf • S?>-	‘

U, 5.

c

c

* 6 ( * ( (

3 Ed. j,

, Fa »	<

OR Redrefs of Waftes, and Deftruflions done by Efcheators or Subefcheators in the Lands of Wards, as of Houfes, Woods, Parks, Warrens, and of ajl other Things that fall into the King’.s Hands ; (z) the King will, That he which hath fuftained Damage, {hall have a Wi*it of Wafte out of the Chaqcery againft the -Efcheator for his Add, or the ■Subefcheator for his Act (if he have whereof to an, Aver) (3) and if he have not, his Majefty fhall an-fwer by like Pain concerning the Damages, as is ordained by the Statute for them that do Wafte in Wardfhips.’

c *>■ »■ o't.1;.;

c. 5.	<

E.fcncd hy	I.	c.	13.	$6Ed.	Z.	c.	13.	See	li	Car.	2.	c.24.	which	lafres	atoeiy	H'arJJbip	by	Rcajan	of	Tenure.	Regift.	72.	Raft.	693

EN dreit des waftz e deftru&ions fetz en gardes par efehetour e futheftbetoutdes jnafons parks bois e vivers e totes autres chofes qe efehient en la mein le Roi. voet le Roi qe-celuii qe aYera.le da-• mage receu nit-href de waft "en .chauncelerie.vers lefehetour de" foen fet ou le futhefehetour die-fan fet lil eit de quei refpoundre. E fil nad. de quei.fi refpoigne fon fovereign par autele. peine quant a damages come derrein fuft'ordene par eftatut fur,, ceus qui fount waftz en garde's.

2 Iilft.

S7z:

Regift. 3j, Raft. 604,

a Tnft. 574# Veftcls of Gold and Silver/},an be elTdyed and touched,

Veftels marked with the Leonard's Head. Altered by 8 & 9 W. 3. c. 8. f. 9. and 6 G. 1. c; it. f. 41-.

* None fhall make annealed Croftei, r*or vermilioaed Cro£ai«

CAP. XIX.

la what Cafe, the Owner fhall have his Lands- delivered out -of, the King’s-Hands -with the

IlTuesv

4 T7 ROM henceforth, where the Efcheator or the 4 T' Sheriff fhall feife other Mens Lands into the * King’s Hands (where there is no Caufe of Seifer) 4 and after, when it is found no Caufe, the Profits 4 taken in the mean Time have been ftill retained, and 4 not reftored, when the King hath removed his Hand ; 4 (2) the King will, That if hereafter- any Lands be, 4 fo feifed,. and after it be removed out of his Hands by 4 Reafon that he hath no Caufe to feife nor to hold it, 4 the Hues, fhall be fully reftored to him to whom the 4 Land ought to remain, and which hath fuftained the 4 Damage.’

DErecbief la ou lefchetounou le vifeonte feifift-en la mein le Roi autri terres la ou il nad re-fon de feifir e puis quant trove eft la non refon les iftiies du meen temps unt efte cea en arere retenuz e ne mie renduz quant le Roi ad la mein ofte voet le Roi qe deforemes la ou terres font iffint feifies e puis le mein.ofte,par ceo qil nad refon de feifir ne detenir foient les iftues pleinement rendues a celui a qui la. tenre demoeit e avera le damage xeceu.v :

C A P. XX.

VefTels of Gold fhall be eflayed, touched,- and marked; The King’s Prerogative fhall be

laved.

4 TT is ordained, That no Goldfmilh of England,

4 J. nor none otherwhere within the King’s Domi-4 nion, fhall from henceforth make, or caufe to be 4 made, any Manner of VefTel, Jewel,, or any other-4 Thing of Gold or Silver, except it be of good and 4 true Allay, that is to fay, Gold of a certain Touch, 4 and Silver of tire Sterling Allay, or of better, at.the 4 Pleafure of him to whom the Work bclongeth ; and 4 that none, work worfe Silver than Money., (z) And 4 that no Manner of VefTel of Silver depart out of the 4 Hands of the Workers, until it be eftayed by the 4 Wardens of the Craft.; and further, that it be mark-4 ed with the Leopard’s Head; (z) and that they work ‘•no worfe Gold than of the Touch of Paris. (4)

4 And that the Wardens of the Craft fhall go from 4 Shop to Shop among the Goldfmjths, to eftay if their 4 Gold be of the fame Touch that is fpoken of before ;

4 (0 and if, they find any other than of the, Touch-4 af(>refa‘)d,..the Gold {hall be forfeit to the King.. 4 (6). And that none fhall make * Rings, Crofles, nor 4 Locks, (7) and that none fhall fet any.Stone in Gold,.

ORdene eft qe nul oufeure dEngleterre ne dail-lours de la feignurie le -Roi ne overe-ne face de- ci en-av-ant nule nianere de vefi'clc ue joiaus nautre ehofe dor ne dargent qe ne feit de bon e--de verrai alai ceft afavoir or de certeine tuche e argent.del alay de le efterling ou de meilur alay folunc la volente de celui a qui les ovres font. E qe nul tie overe pir argent qe moneie. E qe nul" nianere de veffele de argent ne parte hors des meins-as overerstant qe ele foit affaie par ies gardein.t du mefter e qe ele foit fignee de une-tefte de leopart: qe nul ne overe-pir or qe tuche de Parys; E iqe les gardeir.s du meftei- aillent de'.fh'ope en fhope entre les overers afiaiaiit qe1 lor foit tide come le tuche avantdite e fil trovent nul pir qe-.la tuche qe

lovere foit-forfst au Roj.( Qe; nuLlie face anelsi

croyj

A. D. 1300.

Anno vicefimo o&avo E d vva’rd i I.

Stat.

1.4.7

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond. croys'ne' forms LI crois qe nctl ne'mette pcre en or -fi il ne fo'it natutele. Qe taiilurs de amans e de feals qe il reridcnt a cheicuny fon poys dargent e dor aufi avs'nt come il lepoeht fa'ver fur leur leaute e les jueus dor qil unt entre'meins de viele overe; qil fen deliverent a phiftoft qil poent e fil acha-teitt defore en-avant demeifme cele overe qil le achatentpur depelcer e ne mie pur revendre e en totes les bones viles dEngleterre ou y a orfeures qil facent meifmes les cftatutz qe ceus de Loundres fount e qe un viegne de chefcune vile purtouza L'oundies de quertc lour certain tuche. E fi nul orfeure foit atteint qe autremeiit le face qe defus ne eft ordene foit puny par prifon e par ranceon a la volunte le Roi. En totes les choles defufdites e chefcune de eles voet le Roi e entent il & foen con-fail e touz ceus qui a cell ordenement furent qe le droit e la Seignurie 'de fa Goroune favez lui foient par tout.

17 Ed. 4*'c. 1. 4 H. 7. c. 2. and sz Geo. 2. c. 26.

iS El, c, 15. See farther 5 H, 4, c.

1 exeept-it be natural. (8) And that Gravers or Cut- Repealed t>y ■ ters of Stones and of	Seals	Inall give to each their il/**"-1'	c'

'■ 'Weight of Silver and	Gold	(as near as they can)	JL

: upon their Fidelity 5 (9) and the f Jewels of bafe Gold.

1 Gold which they have	in their Hands, they fhall ut- f	Jewels	of

: ter as faft as they can ;	(10)	and from henceforth, if	ot' <>W

: they buy any of the fame Work, they {hall buy it to Work'

: work upon, and not to fell again ; (11) and that all : the good Towns of England, where any Goldfmiths £ be dwelling, {hall J be ordered according to this f : Eftatute as they of 'London be; (12) and that one famc Statutes*

‘ fhall come from every good Town for all the Reli-‘ due that be dwelling in the fame, unto London, for ‘ to be afeertained of their Touch. (13) And if any c Goldfmith be attainted hereafter, becaufe that he ‘ hath done otherwife than before is ordained, he {ball ‘ be punifhed by Imprifonment, and by Ranfom at the c King’s Pleafure. (14) And notwithftanding all thele The Pr ltive ‘ Things before-mentioned, or any Point of them, 0f the Crown c both the King and his Council, and all they that fhall be faved.

‘ were prefent at the making of this Ordinance, will Enforced and x and intend that the Right and Prerogative of his ‘ Crown {hall be faved to him in all Things.’	* h. 63. J'14.’

IJ. 2 II, $*fat, 2. f. 4. 12 & 13 IV. 3. c,’ 4. Farther provided for by 6 Geo, I. c, II*

Stat. De Efcheatoribus, jnade at Lincoln, OEtabis Hilarii, Anno

29 Edw. I. and Anno Dom. 1301:.











In what Cafe an Amoveas manum fhall be granted, and in what a Refeifer.

Ex'Rot. in Ttirr. Lond. m. 3;. D.

AD parliamenturn domini Regis apud Lincoln in odlabis San£ti Hilarii aniio regni fui vi-cefinio nono per confilium Regis concorda-tum eft coram domino Rege ipfo Rcge confentiente & illnd extunc fieri & ohfervari precipiente de con-, filio venerabilis patris Walteri de Langeton Co-ventr’ & Licit’ Epifcopi ttinc ejufdem domini" Regis Thefaurarii Johannis de Langeton tunc Cancellarii Rogeri le Brabazon Johannis de Mettingham Ra-' dulphi de Plcn^ham Willielmi de Bereford Rogeri de Hengham"Gilherti "de Roubury Willielmi’Ha-ward Willielmi de Carleton Willielmi Inge Johannis de Lythegteyns Ade de Crokedayk Willielmi de Brompton Johannis de Drokenesford Johannis de Beufted Willielmi de Mortuo Mari Walteri de Glouc’ tunc Efcaetore citra Trentam videlicet quod cum inquis’ per Efcaetores fuos capte per quecumque brevia regis in Cane’ ipfitls domini Regis fuerint retornate & per eafdem inquis’ compertum fueritquod nichil teneaturde ipfo domino Rege per quod cuftodia terrarum & tene-mentorum ratione hujufmodi inquis’ in manu domini Regis per ipfos Efcaetores capte ad ipfum do-mihum Ke'gem ullo modo per' ineat quod ftatim & abfque dilatione aliquamandetur'per breve domini Regis per Cane’ precipiend’ quod Efcaetores d'e terris & ten’ in manum Regis per ipfos capds'manum fuam amoveant omhino &c exitus fi quos leva-verint de ipfis’terris & ten"fic in manum Regis per ipfos captis de tempore quo terre & ten’ in manu Regis extiterint integre reddant ipfi vel ipfiscui vel quibtis per inquis’prius per cofd'em Efcaetores cap-

c A T the Parliament of our Lord the King at Lin- tCel.177. c r\ coin, in the Utas of St. Hilary, the twenty Fitz. Livery,

‘ ninth Year of his Reign, by his Council it was’I, rIJ5g-

‘ agreed, * and aUb commanded by the King himfelf. That % Before our Lord ‘ from thence it mould be obferved and done according the Kina, the -c to the'Advice of the Reverend Father JV. Langion, Kingbmftlf eon. c the Biftiop of Coventree and Litchfield, and Treaiurer fating enacom-‘ to the King, John Langton then being Chancellor,	,bat>

c and other of the Council there prefent before the \ King; That where Inquefts taken by his Efcheators, x„ what Cafe ‘ by any of the King’s Writs purchafed out of the an Amoveas ‘ Chancery heing returned, and it be found by fuch manum cum ‘ Inquefts, that nothing is holden of the King where- *xitlbus c by the King ought to have the Cuftody of fuch besrantc *

‘ Lands and Tenements by Reafotl of the Inquefts ‘ taken by his Efcheators, that immediately and with-‘ out any Delay the Efcheators fhall be commanded by ‘ the King’s Writ had out of the Chancery, to put ‘ from their Hands all the Lands and Tenements fo s taken into the . KingPofteffion; (2) and if they c hav<i taken any Profits of fuch Lands and Tenements * fo taken into the King’s Hands by them, from the ‘ Time that fuch Lands and Tenements fell into the £ King’s Hands, they {hall make full Reftitution to ‘ him or them, for.whom it was found by Inquefts ‘ taken by the fame Efcheators, that fuch Lands ought ‘ to remain; (3). Saving alway to the King (in cafe ‘ that after fuch Time as his Efcheators have difeharg-‘ ed their Hands by Force of the King’s Writ, as be-c fore is faid) if any Thing happen to be found in the ‘ Chancejy or the Exchequer, or in any other of the ‘ King’s'Courts, whereby‘the "Cuftody of fuch Lands,

U a	‘	whereof

*	whereof the Efcheators have difeharged their Hands ‘ in Form aforefaid, fhould belong unto the King,

1 that immediately he in whofe Poii'effion fuch Lands ‘ happen to be, mail be fummoned by a Writ out of ‘ the Chancery, to be before the King at a certain Day ‘ wherefoever, csY. to fhew if he can fay any Thing,

‘ wherefore the King ought not to have the Cuftody of

fuch Lands, according to the Form of the Evidences ‘ or Remembrances found for the King; (4) and if ‘ he come in, and {hew why the Cuftody of fuch Lands ‘ do ,not belong, or ought not to belong unto the King,

‘ but.that it ought to remain to himfelf, he {hall go A Pekifor of i quit, and retain the Cuftody; (c) but if the Party

the L:\n.l m;o	t 1 j j .»	.	'• c A. Vl	1

King’s	warned doth	not come,	or if that he	come, ana	can

Mini.1	‘ Hiew nothing to put the King from the Cuftody, the

Lands and Tenements {hall be forthwith.refeifed into . ‘ the King’s Hands,, to be kept in Name of Ward fir ip ‘ until the lawful Age of fuch Heirs, as before is faid.

‘ (6) And as it is faid before, if it be found byln-4 quefts taken by the Efcheators, and returned, that ‘ the C.uftody of the fame Lands and Tenements con-4 tained in the Inqueft, and feifed into the King’s 4 Hands, ought not to remain unto the King, then the 4 Efcheator mall be commanded forthwith to difeharge ‘his Hands thereof, and to reftore the HTues wholly.

H°' f‘ (7) In like Manner, if it be found afterward by Evi-Fitz. Traverfe, ‘ dences and Remembrances in the Chancery, Exche-ii.	e quer, or otherwife, as before is faid, that our Lord.

Bro. Refeifcr,	‘ the King ought to have the Wardftiip thereof, the

3?> 4’. 37> 3s- '6 King, {hall be anfwered/or the whole Iflues and Pro-,jS lrery’ ‘ fits, by the Plands of fuch as held the fame Lands ‘ and Tenements, from the Time they were firft taken

*	into-the King’s Hands by his Efcheators by the Writs ‘ abovefaid. (8-) And this Order {hall be held from ‘ henceforth in the Chancery, notwithftanding a cer-c tain Ordinance lately made by our Lord the King,

‘ concerning Lands arid Tenements taken- into his ’* Hands iSy his Officers, and not to be delivered but

*	by the'King himfelf, and as it is contained in a cer-

r Not m 0nS‘ ‘ tain Dividends, f or Indenture, made between the Reg ft. -it;.	‘	King himfelf and his Chancellor, whereof one. Part

Raa, 54S,	‘	remaineth in the Cuftody of the Chancellor/

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. tas compertum fuerit quod terre & ten’ ilia debeant remanere falvo Temper domino Regi quod fi poft-quam Efcaetores fui manus fuas amoverint per breve ipfius demini Regis ut predittum eft aliquid contigerit inveniri in Cane’ vel ad Scaccarium feu alibi in Curia Regis per quod cuftodia terrarum & ten’ eorundem de quibus Efcaetores manus fuas amoverint in forma predicta domino Regi pertmeat quod ftatim premuniatur ille in cujus feifin’ ten’ preditta fuerint per breve de Cane’ quod fit ad cer-tum diem .coram domino Rege ubicumque fuerit &c. oftens’ fi quid pro fe habeat vel dicere feiat quare dominus Rex cuftodiam eorundem ten’ habere non debeat juxta formam evidentiarum feu memorandorum pro ipfo Rege cornpertorum. Et fi venerit & pro fe oftendat quare eadem cuftodia ad dominum Regem non pertineat aut pertinere non debeat \jmmo quod fibi remanere debeat recedai quietus & cuftodiam illam retineat fl autem premuni- -tus non venerit vel fi venerit & nichil elicit quare Rex cuftodiam illam habere non debeat\ ftatim refeifientur terre & ten’ ilia in manum domini Regis nomine; cuftodie tenend’ ufque ad legitimam etatem here-dum eorumdem. Et ficut fuperius dittum eft quod fi compertum fuerit.per inquis’ per Efc' fattas & retornatas quod cuftodia eorundem terrarum &ten’ in inquis’ contentorum & in manum Regis feifito-rum domino Regi remanere non debeat quod ftatim mandetur Elc’ quod manus fuas-amoveant-& exitus integre reddant &c. Eodem modo fi poft-quam compertum fuerit per evidentias & memoranda in Cane’ ad Scaccarium aut alibi ut predictum eft quod dominus Rex cuftodiam eorundem habere debeat refpondeatur ipfi domino Regi de exitibus integre pet manus. illorum qui terras & tenemefita ilia tenuerunt a tote tempore poftquam ten’ ilia pri'mq in manum ip Puis domini Regis per Efcaetores fiibs capta fueruht per brevia fupraditta. Et iftc modus obfervetur decetero in Cane’ non obftante q.uadam. ordinatione nuper per dominum Regem fatta de terris & ten’ in manum fuam per miniftros fuos captis Sc non liberandis nifiperip-,'fiim dominum Regem. & prout continetur in qua-dam dividenda inter ipfum Regem & Canc’fatta Sc. cujus una pars penes Cane’remanet. .

!TraEtaius de Pohderibus et Menfuris\ Anno-31 Edw. I.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2-Aorr,idly 'OER Ordinacionem tocius regni Anglie fuit menfura Domini Regis compofita videlicet quod denarius' c'	a 9U’ vocatur ftetlingus rotundus & fine to’nfura ponderabit triginta duo grana frumenti in medio Spice-

16	*■ Et'unci'a ponderabit viginti denarios. Et duodecim uncie faciunt libram London- Et duodccim libre

ddzdud*. & dimid’ faciunt petram London. Et otto libre frumenti faciunt galonem Libra continet viginti folidos-«.	Et otto galones faciunt buflellum London \ Saccus lane debet pond'erare viginti & otto petras & folebat

1 /hn.jiai. i. ponderare unam furamam frumenti & ponderat fextam partem unius carri de plumbo fexies viginti petre t ' / r- lt faciunt carrum plumbi fcilicct magnum carrum London’ let carrus del Peek eft multo minus *. t nitn’liti eft ^tern carrus plumbi conftat ex triginta fotmallis & qtiodlibet fotmal 'contintt fex petras duabus libris mi-tiemotn:! Re- nus. Et quelibet petra habet dnodecim libras & quelibet iibra conftat ex viginti quinque {olidis in pondere gii et omnea	fuinma libraruin in lc fotmallxx. fumma petrarum in lc Carre viii. xx. & xv. petre & probetur per fexies tri-

n 'i habeznt	ginta que funt novies viginti fet in quolibet fotmal fubtrahuntur due libre a preditta mul'tiplicacione qe funt

XJt^in^cln dc)Ve x' ^re conftituentes quinque petras. Ita funt in lc Carre viii. xx. xv. petre fecundum verb quofdam alios mo'Vuadabunt Carre confiftit ex xii. Weyes & hoc fecundum troni ponderacionem Weyaenim tarn plumbi quam lanelini Utjm denarium in fcfto Apoftolorum Petri et Pauli, ALMS*

» The Tranflation of the Beginning of thU Ordinance, thua far, is printed before, in the styfapant:, &c+ foh zi. Tire reft fiom the Stcunda Part Vtttrum Statu tor um%

fepi

A. D. 1303

Anno tricefimo primo Edvvardi I.	149

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2. fepi cafei ponderabunt xiiii. petras Et duo Weye lane faciunt faccum. Et xii. facci faciunt le laft: f. Laft: f Vraginaeft vero allecis continet decern miliaria. Et quodlibet miliare continet x. c. Et quodlibet c. continet vi. xx. Sb"et fcri'bit'iir* Item laft coriorum conftatex viginti dacris & quodlibet dacre conftat ex decern coriis.	fec'undum Pliy-

Itcm dacre Cirotecarum conftat ex decent paribus dacre vero ferrorum equorum conftat ex viginti ferris. fKOs f.

Item duodena cirotecarum pergameni & alute continet in fuo generexii pelles1 vel xii. paria cirotecarum. Alio MS.

Item centena cere zucari: piperis cumini amigdalarum & alome continet xiii. petras & dimid’ & quelibet petra continet viii. li. fumma librarum in centcna cviii. libre. Et conftat centena ex v. xx. Etquelibet libra ex viginti quinque folidis. Et feiend’quod quelibet libra dedenariis & fpeciebus utpote in eledluariis confiftit folummodo ex pondere xx. s. Libra vero omnium aliarum rerum confiftit ex viginti quinque folidis Uncia vero in eledhiariis confiftit ex viginti denariis. Et libra continet xii. uncias. lnaliis vero rebus libra conr-tinet quindecim uncias uncia eft hinc inde in pondere viginti denariorum Centena lini & Canabi &linee tele confiftit,ex cent’ ulnis. Et quelibet Centena confiftit ex vi. xx. Centena vero ferri & folidorum conftat ex

v.	xx. Garba J aiferis conftat ex triginta peciis Duodena ferri ex fex peciis Item feem vitri conftat ex xxiiii. fChalyUs Al, petris & quelibet petra conftat ex quinque libris. Et ita continet le feem vi. xx. libras.	MS*

Item binda anguillarum conftat ex decern ftiks Et quelibet ftik ex viginti quinque anguillis Binda pellium continet xxxii. timbr’ fenclliocuniculorum& grift continet quadraginta pelles Cheef de fuftiano conftat ex trefdecim ulnis Caput findonis ex deccm ulnis Le rees allecium contirtet quindecim glenes Et quodlibet glene continet viginti quinque capita.

Item centene Mulvellorum & durorum pifeium conftat ex viii. xx..

Stat. De Prote&ionibus, made at Weftminfter i 8 die Novembris, Ann©; 33 Edw. I. Stat. i. and Anno Dom. 1304.

A CJaufe to repeal a Prote&ion of the King’s 'Service,.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2;.

PUrceo qe moltz des gentz purchacent la protedtion le Roi en affermant qils furent hors du terre en le fervice le Roi faufement purveu eft qe ft lour adverfaires le voille chalenger la protedtion maintenaunt quant il eft mife en Courte & yoille averrer per quauntqe le Courte agardera q'il. fuift dedeinz les quatre mieres & hors du fervice le-Roi & cn ceitein lieu iffint qils purrount bien aver veniiz foit'lour chalenge entre mes foitla protedtion faunz jour felonc fa nature Et quaunt, la partie fuera refomons & il viegne en Courte & demaunde jugement & dirra la proces & tendra daverer fil lui voille atteindre Et ft la pais die. encountre lui qi port la protedtion il ferra tourne en une defaute hi foit tenaunt.

Et ftl foit demandaunt perdera fon brief & ferra en la greve mercie le Roi Dat’ apud Weftm’ xviii. die Nov’ Anno regni Regis Edwardi triceftmo quarto.

44 T~>DWARD by the Grace of God, &c. to all 14E3.3. f. 35; 44 §“1 his true and faithful Subjedts, Greeting. For- ^	3-f-6-

44	afmuch as many do purchafe the Protedtion of 27	.1 .]at.%.

44 our Lord the King, affirming * that they were out of *'Addfulfil^.. 44 the Realm in the King’s Service;” e (2) it is provi-4; ded, That if their Adverfary will challenge the Pro- .

4 tedtion, and immediately, when it is fhewed in the 4 Court, will aver that they were within the four Seas;

4 and out of the King’s Service in a Place certain, fo ■ .

4 that they might have well come, their Challenge 4 lhall be entered, and the Matter {hall remain with-4 out Day, according to the Nature of the Protedtion;

4 (3) And when it mall be refummoned, and he com-4 eth into the Court, he fhall demand Judgement and'

4 Hearing of the Procefs, and offer to aver his Chai-i 4 lenge, if his Adverfary will attend; (4) and if the •

4 Country do pafs againft him that call the Protedtion;.

* it (hall return to a Default, if he be Tenant; (5)

4 and if he be Demandant, he fhall leefe his Writ, Regiff. 24, a?35 4 and {hall be amerced unto the King. Given at TVeJl- RA -92.

4 minder the Eighteenth Day of November, .the Thirty See farther con-4 * rWYear of King Edward, f Son of King Ke.nr.y,’ Z7iSEd.f

14.Ed. 4. c. 2. .

fiat, 3. c. 19.	ill.i.c.8, 13 R. 2, flat. 1. c. 16.	7	H. 4. c. 4,, 9 H. $.fat. 1. c. 3. 4E6. (.1. S//. 6. c. 13. 23//. 6. c. 16.

’	* Read fourth. "f. Not it! the Original,

A Dejinition of Confpirators, made Anno 33 Edw. I. Stat. 2. and-.

Anno Dom. 1304.

"Who be Confpirators,. and who be Champertors.-

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

COnfpiratours fount ceux qi fe entrelient per ferement covenant ou per autre alliaunce qe chefcun eidera & fuftendra autri emprife de 4

COnfpirators lie they that do confeder or bind "aaH.y f n, themfelves by Oath, Covenant, or other Al- Fitz. Barrel liancc, that every of them {hall aid and bear Kel.8r,

4 the

I5°

Stat. 2.

Anno tricefimo tertio Edward! I. A.tD. 11304,

Fitz. Confp, 2, 4 the other falfly and malicioufiy to indite, or caufe to 4,5,10,13.14,' indite, (z) or falfly. to move or maintain Pleas ; (aj 15, iG, 19, 21, x a]c0 as caufe Children within Age to appeal ^ Cc?5,-,	4	Men of Felony, whereby they are imprifoned. and

V. jf.B,' 56.	‘	l°rc grieved; (4) and fuch as retain Men in the

F.n.b.	‘	Country with Liveries or Fees for to maintain their

Raft. 122.	‘	malicious Enterprifes ; and this extendeth as well to

*Inft* l^2'	‘	t^e Takers, as to the Givers. 5 And Stewards

3 n • >43'	<	and Bailiffs of great Lords, which by their Scignory,

‘ Office, or-Power, undertake to.bear or maintain 4 Quarrels, Pleas, or Debates, that concern other Par-‘ ties than fuch as touch the Eftate of their Lords or ‘ themfelves. (6) This Ordinance and final Defini-4 tion of Confpirators was made and accorded by the 1 King and his Council in his Parliament the Thirty c third Year of his Reign.. (7) And it was further or-c dained. That Juftices affigned to the hearing and de-c termining of Felonies and Trefpaffes, fhould have Whote Cham- « the Tranfcript hereof. (8) * Chcimpertors be they that pertors.	x	move Pleas and Suits, or caufe to be moved either by

at sn ug. « their own Procurement, or by others, andfv.e them at 4 their proper Cojls for to have Part of the Land in Va-4 fiance, or Part of the Gains.'

Cotton MS. ifaufement Sr malicioufement- endker ou- fake en_ •diter ou faufement moverplees ou maimer. r Sr auxi ceux qi fount enfauntz deinz age anp der les gentz des felonies per quoi ils fount empril nez St moult grevez & ceux qi retiegnont gentz .1 lour robes St a lour fees pur maintenir lour malveis em-prifes St pur verite efteindre auxibien les pernours come les donours St Senefchalx -St Baillifs des grauntz Seignurs qi per lour-feignurie office ou poer emprenent a meintenir ou a fuftenir plees cru barettez pur autres parties que cels qe touchent leftat lour feignur ou eux mefmes.

Ifta ordinacio Sr finalis diffFmicio Ccnfpiratorum fa£ta fuit & finaliter concordata per Regem St con-filium fuum in parliamen'o fuo anno tricefimo ter-cio St ordinatum eft quod Juftic’ affignati ad diver-fas felonias Sr tranfgrefiiones audiend’ & terminand’ ■ habeant tranferiptum.

The Statute of Champerty, made 18 Septembris, Anno 33 Edw. I.

Stat. 3. ajid Anno Dom. 1305.

The Punilhment of fuch as commit Champerty.

3	Id. 1. c. 25 *.

13 Ed. 1. flat. 1. c. 49. z3 Ed. 1. Rat. 3. c. II. Raft. 119.

40 H. 6. f. 33.

9 H. 7. f. IS.

15 H. 7. f. 2. Regift. 183. Enforced by I Ed. 3. fiat. 1. c. 14.

4	Ed. 3. c. JI. 40 Ed. 3.1.4.

1 Ru b. z. c. 4.

7 R. z. c. 15. and 32 H. S. c. 9. cpatnfl buying of *Titles, & c. tv/ icb farther enforces the Statutes againfi Maintenance, C'i .

"HERE it is contained in our Statute, that none of our Court fhall take any Plea to

m

1	' * Champerty by Craft-nor by-Engine; ,(z)

1 and that no Pleaders, Apprentifes, Atturnies, Stew-‘ ards of great Men, Bailiffs, nor any other of the ‘ Realm, fhall take for Maintenance, or the likeBar-‘ gain, any Manner of Suit or Plea againfi other, c whereby all the Realm is much grieved, and both ‘ Rich and Poor troubled in divers Manners;”-^) it is provided by a common Accord, That all fuch as from henceforth fhall be attainted of fuch Emprifes, Suits, or Bargains, and fuch as confent thereunto, fhall have Imprifonment of Three Years, and fhall make Fine at the King’s Pleafure. Given at Berwick

Cotton MS. Claudius, T). 2.

OME contenu foit en noftre eftatut qe nulle homme en noftre Courte nempreigne plai en Champart ne per arte ne per engine St Countours Attournees Apprentis Senefchalx Baillifs a hautes hommes ;St autres de'la.terre ja em-pernent a champart St per autres bars touz ma-neres de plees enconntre toutemanere de gent pe-rount toute la terre eft tropgreve Sr riches St povres font travaillez en moltz maneres.

Purveu eft per commune Acorde ~qe touz ceux qe deforemes ferront atteintz de tiels emprifes'feutes & bargaincs Sr ceux qe a tiel chofe fe aftenteront eient la prifone le Roi de trois annz Sr nepur-qaunt ferront reint a la volume le Roy.

Writ of Conspiracy.

upon Ttveed the Twentieth Year of the Reign of ‘ King Edward. (4) Our Lord the King, at theInformation of Gilbert Rcivbery, Clerk of his Council, 1 hath commanded, That whofoever will complain himfelf of Confpirators, Inventors, and Maintainors c of falfe Quarrels, and Partakers thereof,"and Brokers of Debates, that Gilbert Thornton fhall caufe them 4 to be attached by his Writ, that they be before our Sovereign Lord the King, to anfwer unto the Plain-4 tiffs hy this Writ following :

II. Rex vie’ falutem. Praecipimus tibi, quod fi A, de G. fecerit te fecurum de clamore fuo profequendo, tunc pone per vadium Sr falvos plegios G. de C. quod fit coram nobis in octabis fanfti Joh’ Baptiftae, ubi-cunque tunc fuerimus in Anglia, ad refpondendum prcedi&o A. de placito confpirationis & tranfgreffionis, fecundum ordinationem noftram nuper inde provifam, ficut idem A. rationabiliter monftrare potent, quod ei inde refpondere debeat, Sr habeas ibi nomina-plegiorum Sr hoc breve. Tefte,.;Src.

An

• AddzS S’ 33.

A. D. 1305. Anno tricefimo tertio Ed ward i I.	Stat.	4.1	151

An Ordinance for Inquefts, made 18 Septembris, Anno 33 Edw. I.

Stat. 4. and Anno Dom. 1305.

He that challengeth' a Jury or Juror for the King fhall Ihewhis Caufe.

Cotton-AtSc Claudius, D. 2.

DE inquiftcionibus coram ijuftic’ quibufcum- 4 que.capiend’ &.'in quibus dominus Rex-eft ‘ pars qualitercumque concordatum eft per ‘ dominum Regem & totum confilium ordinatum 4 quod de cetero licet per ipfos qui pro domino Rege ‘ fequuntur dicatur quod juratores inquifitionum il- ‘ larem-'fea'-aHqui illorunvnon -funtr boni pro Rege ‘ non propter hoc remaneant inquifitiones ille capi- 4 ende fet ft illi qul fequuntur pro Rege aliquos -jura- 4 torum illdrum calumpniati fiierint affignent certam 4 caufam calumpnie fue Sc inquiratur veritas illiusJ 4 calumpnie fecundum confuetudinem Cur’ Sc pro- 4 cedatur ad captionem illarum inquifitionum prout 4 compertum fuerit li calumpnie Vere fint nee ne 4 juxta difcretionem Jiiftic’ Ifta ordinatio precedens ‘ & ordihatio de forefta fa£te fuerunt in Parliament’ 4 apud Weftm’.dife domiriica prox’poft feftum fandti Mi'chaelis Anno regni Regis. E'fir Regis H. trice- ‘

fiino tertio.	4

>. (

t

C

OF Inquefts to be taken before any of the Juf- Raft, notices, and wherein our Lord the King is Party F»tz. Chali. 17, nbwfoever it be ; it is agreed and ordained by J*’	I?7'

the King-and all his Council, That-from henceforth, ,5+'	'	5

notwithstanding it be alledged by them that fue for 3 the King, that the Jurors of thofe Incjuefts, or fome of them, be not indifferent for the King, yet fuch Inquefts fhall not remain untaken for that Caufe;

(2) but if-they .that fue for the King will challenge any of thofe Jurors, they fhall affign of their Challenge a Caufe 1 certain, and the Truth of the fame Challenge fhall be enquired of according to the Cuf-tonn of the Court; and let it be proceeded to the Taking;of the fame Inquifitions, as it fhall be found,, if the Challenges be true, or not, after the Difcre-tion of the Juftices.

4 II. This Ordinance precedent, and the Ordinance’ following of theForeft, were made in the Parliament at Wejlminftcr., the Sunday next before the Feaft of* Read Mkhad. Saint * Matthew the Apo/ile, the three and thirtieth farther 25 Year of the Reign of King Edward, Son of King ^ 3‘7-# s’ Henry.	Cmami33na

Ordinatio Forefta, made Anno 3 3 Edw. I. Stat, 5. and Anno Dom,.

1 3°5;

They whofe Woods aresdiiaforefted, fhall not1 have Common or other Eafement in' the Foreff;.

Cotton MSI Vefp.afian, B. 7.

OLTIE.afeuns gentz de font mys hors de Fo-refte per la puraille &-per. le grauntnoftre Seignur le Roy- eient requis a .cefte parle-ment qil foient quitz.de la pafture Si des. chofez qe lez forefters lour, deinandont- ftcom. ils foleient avar.t faire noftre Seignur le Roy refp.ont puis qil ad graunte la puraille qil luy. pleft bien qele eftoit auxicome if ad graunte Ja foit-.ceo qe la bufoigne eftoit fuy Sc munde en maveys point Mes au meyns entent il Sc voet il qe touz. cez demeyns terre qele part qil foient qpnt eftee dc la coroune aunciene-;nen.t ou qa, la Coroune foient retournez per voye defehete ou en autre manere eient eftee de franche chace & de franche gareyn et en tiel manere foient tenuz Sc gardez a fon oeps pur toutz manerez ftez beftez & pur tout manere des duytz qe luy plerra Et en droit de ecles qe terrez & tenementz font de-foreftes per la elite puraille & qe demandent daver comune dedeinz lez bondez dez foreftes lentencion &c la voluntee noftre Seignur le Roy eft puis qe per lez puraillez ils cleyment eftre quitez de pafture dez foreftez Sc qe lez beftes le Roy ne poent avoir lour haunt ne lour repeire fur lez terrez dfczafo-reftez ftcom ils avoient tanqe come mefmes lez terrez eftoient deinz ferefte qe tiels gentz ne dey-vent avoir commune nautre eyfement deinz lez bondez dez boys ne dez terrez qe demurent en fo-reft mes fi.afcun.de teux qe font dezaftbreftees per.

\ Y T HERE AS certain People that be put out, inft ,or 44 vw t^le	for	-the Purliew, and by the

44	*	*	great	Men have made Requeft to our Lord;

44 the King at this Parliament, that they might be ac-44 quitted of their Charge, and of Tilings that the Fo-44 refteis demand of them,. as-they were wont to be 4 (2) our Lord the. King anfwered, firft, That where ‘ he hadigranted Purliew, that he was pleafed that it 4 fliould1 ftand in like manner as it was granted, albeit 4 that the Thing was. fued and demanded in an evil'

4 Point; (3) neverthelefs he willeth and intendeth,.

‘ that all his demean Lands wherefoever they be, that'

4 have been of the Crown, being returned by way of 4 Efcheat, or otherwife, fhall have Eftate of Free-chafe f and Free-warren, and in fuch manner fhall be ftived ‘ and kept to his Ufe for all manner of* Efcheats,; and * Read BieJIs, ■ ‘■for all manner of Things that pleafcrh him.. (4)

4 'And in Right of them that have Lands and Tene-

4	bients. diiaforefted for the faid Purlievv, and fuch as-‘ demand to have Common within the Bounds of Fo-

‘ refts, the Intent and Will of our Lord. the King is,,

5	That from henceforth (where Purliew is) they may

‘'claim to hi. quit of Char -e of the Forefts. (3) And T,’c5'wn'c-l1 "ill ‘ whereas the King’s Beafts cannot have their Haunt "*ur“'fh',r

c in *	71-	/i	,	,	t	_	Woods	into	toe

and Kepaur unto- the f torejt-ground, as they had levForeft,(tailhave

‘ long as they were within the Forefts,^ that fuch Folk Common as they

4 fhall not have Common, nor other Eafement within !,ad hefom.-.

4 the Bounds of the Woods,, nor of the Lands, the^^l3!1 fjsaui-‘

‘■whichW*#*-'

152 Stat. 5,

Anno tricefimo tertio Edwardi I. A. D. 1305.

See 16 Car. I. c. 16. f. 9.

which remain in Foreft: But if any of them that be difaforefted by {he Purliew, would rather be within the Foreft as they were before, than to be out of the Foreft as they be now ; it pleafeth the King very well that they fhall be received thereunto, fo that they may remain in their qntient Eftate, and ftiall have Common and other Eafement as well as they had before. (6) Whereupon our Lord the King willeth and commandeth, That his Juflices of the Foreft on this Side Trent, and beyond Trent, in like manner fhall keep and hold, and caufe to be kept and holden ftraitly the forefaid Points within their Liberties in the Form above mentioned.’

Cotton MS. la-putable voillent efire mieux dedeinz forefte come avant furent qe de hors ficom font ore il pleft bien-al Roy qils foient a ceo refeeux iffint qils puif-fent demurer en lour eftat aunciene Sc commune & autre efement aver dedeinz cez foreftez auxicom il avoient devant Pur quei noftre Seignur le Roy voet Sc cOmande qe fez Jufticez de fez foreftez de caTrente Sc de la Trente enfement tiegnent Sc gardent Sc tenir Sc garder facent fermement lez ditz pointz en lour bailliez en la forefte avantdite. Irrotulatur in banco.

An Ordinance for Meafuring of Land, made Anno 33 Edw. I. Stat. 6.

and Anno Dom. 1305.



HEN an Acre of Land containeth x Perches in Length, then it fhall be in Breadth xvi Perches; (2) when it containeth xi Perches ‘ in Length, then it fhall be in Breadth xiv di. and 4 three Quarter of one Foot; (3) when it is xii, then

*	xiii, v hoot, and di. (4) when it is xiii, then xiii, v 4 Foot, and almoft an Inch; (5) when xiv, then xi. 4 vii Foot, and almoft an Inch; (6) when xv, then 4 x and di. //Foot, and ///Quarter of a Foot; (7) ‘ when xvi, then x. (S) when w//, then ix, vi Foot, 4 iii q. of a Foot, and almoft half an Inch ; (9) when 4 xviii, then viii, xiv Foot, and viii Inches; (10) ‘ when xlx, then viii, vi Foot and xi Inches, and dL 4 (11) when xx, then viii Perches; (12) when xxi, 4 then vii Perches, x Foot, // Inches, and iii q. of an 4 Inch; (13) when xxii, then vii, iv Foot and a 4 Half; (14) when xxiii, then vi. Hi q. //Foot, and 4 xi Inches and di. (1;) when xxiv, then vi and di. 4 //Foot, and vi Inches; (16) when xxv, then vi, vi 4 Foot, and almoft ii Inches; (r7J when xxvi, then 4 vi, //Foot, and almoft di. (1 ?') when xxvii, then v, 4 iii Quarter, v inches, and di. (19) when xxviii, 4 thenii, xi Foot, a* Inches and di. (20) when xxix, 4 then v, viii Foot, v Inches and di. (21) when xxx, 4 then v, v Foot and di. (22) when axxi, then v, ii 4 Foot, and viii Inches; (23^ when xxxii, then v. 4 (24) when xxxiii, then iv, xiv Foot, and iv Inches ; 4 (25) when xxxiv, then iv and di. Hi Foot and iv 4 Inches ; (26) when xxxv, then iv and di. i Foot, iii 4 Inches and di. (27) when xxxvi, then iv, vii Foot 4 and /finches; (28) when xxxvii, then iv, v Foot 4 and/winches; (29) whenxxxviii, then iv, ///Foot, 4 and almoft di. (30) when xxxix, then iv, i Foot, 4 and almoft ix Inches; (31) when a/, then iv, (32) 4 when xli, then Hi, Hi q. / Foot, and x Inches ; (33) 4 when xiii, then///, Hi q. and vii Inches ; (34) when 4 a•////, then Hi and di. hi Foot, and an Inch and di. 4 (3 51 when xliv, then iii and di. ii Foot, and Hi 4 Inches; (36) when xiv, then/// and di. di. a Foot,

*	and iii Inches.’

* Read xvi}}.

Cotton MS. Vefpaftan, B. 7.

U ANDO acra continet decern perticas in< longitudine tunc continebit in latitudine. J xvi. Qu. xi. tunc xiv. dim. St j. pedem. qu: xij. tunc xiij. dimid. ped. Qu. xiij. tuncxiij. j pcd. Sc di. Qu. xiiij. xj. j ped. & j pollicem. Qu. xv. x. & di. ij. ped. Sc dimid.. Qu. xvj. x.

Qu. xvij.

Qu. xviiij. 3 Qu. xix. Quando xx. Quando xxj. ■ Quando xxij. Quando xxiij. Quando xxiiij. Quando xxv. Quando xxvj. Quando xxvij. Quando xxviij. Quando xxix. Quando xxx. Quando xxxj. Quando xxxij. Quando xxxiij. Quando xxxiiij. Quando xxxv. Quando xxxvj. Quando xxxvij. Quando xxxvi ij . Quando xl. Quando xlj. Quando xiij. Quando xiiij. Quando xiiij.b Quando xiv.

ix. iij. pedes iij. pollices & di. tunc viij. xiiij. ped. di. tunc viij. vi. pedes, tunc viij. pertic, tunc vij. Sc deinyij. ped. tunc vij. iiij. ped. &di. tunc vj. & di. iij. pedes, tunc v. di. ij. ped. & j. polhV. tunev. viij. ped. Sc iij. pollic’. tunc v. iij, ped. tunev. j. ped. tunc v. di. ped. tunc. v. iiij. pollic’. tunc v. v. ped. pollic’. tunev.

tunc iiij. di. iij. pedes, tunc iiij. j. ped. tunc iiij. Sc di. iij. ped. tunc iiij. viij. pedes, tunc iiij. qrt’ iiij. pedes, tunc iiij. iiij. ped. Sc di. tunc iiij. ij, & j. pollic’. tunc iiij.

tunc iij. di. j. qrt’ ij. ped. tunc iij. ij. ped. Sc di. ped. tunc iij. ij.

tunc iij. d. ped. Sc v. pollic*. tunc iij. Sc di. ped.

b Re«<3 xliv,

Thi

Stat. i.

*53

'The Statute De conjun&im Feoffatis, made 27 Maii, Anno 34 Edw. I.

Stat. 1. a?id Anno Dom. 1306.

Jointenancy pleaded in Abatement of a Writ, &c.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 34.

REX omnibus ad quos &c, falutem. Non eft novum quod nos inter ceteras legum edi-tiones quas temporibus noftris adinvenimus pro nimia enormi tranfgreffione que in brevibus Nove diffeifine contingit pre ceteris in illis brevibus celerius apponi decrevimus remedium. Et quia quampluries contingit quod in aflifis Nove diffeiiine tenens excipit contra querentem quod tenet tene-menta petita conjundbim feoffatus cum uxore fua non nominata in brevi aliquando cum aliquo extra-neo qui fimiliter non nominatur in brevi & profert cartam que hoc teftatur & petit judicium de brevi concordatum eft & ftatutum quod fi pars querens offerat verificare per aflifam quod die impetratio-nis brevis fui ille qui talem exceptionem propofuit fuerat folus tenens ita quod uxor fua nec alius ali-quid habuit in predicts tenementis tunc Jufticiarii coram quibus predidba aflifa arrainiata eft retineant predidtam cartam falvo in cuftodia eorumdemquo-hfque aflifa inde inter eos tranfierit ut illam que quali dedidba eft. Et fcire faciant per breve no-ftrum fub eorum teftimonio parti abfenti quam carta teftatur fimul cum tenente qui prefens eft conjunc-tim feoffatos quod fit ad certum diem refponfura fimul cum alio tenente parti querenti tarn de ex-ceptione propofita quam de tenementis petitis & pofitis in vifu fi fibi viderit expedire. Ad quam diem fi ambo qui dicuntur tenentes venerint & fe-offamentum illud advocaverint refpondeant & ma-nuteneant exceptionem per unum eorum propofi-tam it fimiliter ulterius ad aflifam ac fi breve ori-ginale fuper eos conjundbim fuiffet impetratuin. Et fi convincatur per aflifam quod ex'ceptio ilia in retardationem juris querentis malitiofe fuit p-o-pofita eo quod ipfi non fuerunt conjundbim feoffati de tenementis illis die impetrationis predidbi brevis tunc licet aflifa ilia tranfierit pro tenentibus & contra querentem nichilominus puniantur talem exceptionem proponentes per prifonam unius anni a qua non exeant abfque gravi redemptione. Et caveant decetero Jufticiarii quod talem exceptionem fic propofitam per ballivos aliquorum tenen-tium non admittant. Si autem ille qui exceptionem propofuit fe ad diem ilium abfentaverit & alter qui dicitur conjundbim feoffatus comparuerit licet ipfe comparens predicbam cartam difadvocaverit & dixerit fe nichil habere in predidbis tenementis nichilominus adjudicetur aflifa verfus tenentem ab-fentem per ejus defaltam. Et fi convincatur per aflifam quod ipfi non fuerant conjundbim feoffati die impetrationis brevis predidbi &. fimiliter convincatur quod tenens fuper quern breve fuit impetra-tum vel alius no’minatus in brevi diffeifierit quer rentem tunc habita confideratione ad exceptionem in lefionem partis fallo & malitiofe propofitam & ad difleifinam per eos fadbam pars querens recupe-Vcsj.. I.

“ f*"^ H E King unto all to whom thefe, dsV. Greet- ,3 ta.n„t, Is “	8 ing. It is no new Thing, that among divers 015.

“	Eftablifhments of Laws, which we have or- Fitz. Brief, 757.

“ dained in our own Time upon the great and heinous 2 Inft‘ 5-4-“ Mifchiefs that happen in Writs of Novel diJJ'eifm “ chiefly above other, we have devifed more fpeedy “ Remedy in thofe Writs than was before, (a) And “ forafmuch as it chanceth many Times in Aflifes of “ Novel dijfeifin, that the Tenant doth except againft “ the Plaintiff, that he holdeth the Tenements in De-“ mand jointly with his Wife, not named in the Writ,

“ and fometime with a Stranger not named in the “ Writ* and ftieweth forth a Deed teftifying the fame,

“ and demandeth Judgement of the Writ‘ (3) it is Hob. 95.

‘ agreed and ordained. That if the Plaintiff will offer What fta111,e * to aver by AiEfe, that the Day of his Writ purchaf- xenanUn Af-‘ ed, he that alledged the Exception was foie Tenant, j;fe jotj, p]eatl ‘ fo that neither his Wife, nor any other had any jointenancy. i Thing in the faid. Lands, then the Juftices, before ‘ whom the Aflize is arraigned, fhall retain the fame ‘ Deed fafely in their Keeping (until the Aflize be ‘ tried between them thereupon) as that which is in a ‘ fort denied. (4) And they fhall let the Party abfent a Scire facia* c to underftand by * their Writ under their Teftimony, awarded to the ‘ and alfo to the Jointenant that is prefent, of whom Jointenant.

‘ the Deed maketh mention, that he be prefent at a Fitz.^Procefs, e certain Day with the other Tenant, to anfvver unto #9R5ad «ur.

‘ the Party Plaintiff, as well upon the Exception al-‘ ledged, as of the Lands demanded and put in View,

‘ if it feein expedient for him; (5) at which Day if ‘ both that are named Tenants do come in, and do ju-‘ ftify the fame Feoffment, they fhall anfwer and main-‘ tain the Exception alledged by one of them, and ‘ further fhall anfwer unto the Aflize as though the ‘ original _ Writ had been purchafed againft both of ‘ them jointly.' (6) And if it be proved by Aflize,

‘ that the Exception was alledged malicioufly, to delay ‘ the Plaintiff of his Right, fo that they held not the ‘ fame Land jointly the Day of the Writ purchafed,

‘ then albeit the fame Aflize do pafs for the Tenants,

‘ and againft the Plaintiff, yet they that alledge the Ex-‘ ception, fhall be punifhed by one Year’s Imprifon-‘ ment, whence they fhall not be delivered without a ‘ grievous Fine. (7) And lef the Juftices be well ad- Jointenancy in ‘ vifed. That from henceforth they do not allow an ‘ Exception alledged by the Bailiffs of any fuch Te- Bailiffs.' 1 ‘ nants. (8) f And if he that alledgeth the Exception f Readiar.

‘ abfent himfelf at his Day, and the other that is named ‘ Jointenant do appear, although he that doth appear ‘ doth difavow the fame Deed, and fay that he bath ‘ nothing in the forefaid Tenements; neverthelefs the ‘ Afiife mail pafs againft the Tenant that is abfent by ‘ his Default. (9) And if it be found by Aflife, that ‘ they were not jointly, enfeoffed the Day of the Writ ‘ purchafed, and likewife that the Tenant againft whom ‘ the Writ Was" purchafed, or another named in the ‘ Writ, did diffeife the Plaintiff, then having regard to ‘ the Exception that was falfly and malicioufly alledged ‘ to the Hurt of the Party, and to the Diffeifin that ‘ they made, the Parly Plaintiff fhall recover his Seifin X	‘	and

* arid double Damages, and they that alledge the falfe ‘ Exception fhall have the Punifhment aforefaid. (ioj 4 But if neither of the Tenants do come at the Day, ‘ then upon their Default the Affife fliall pafs againft ‘ them. (11) And if it be found thereby, that the 4 fame Exception was lawfully and truly alledged, and ‘ that they which alledged it were jointly feifed before 4 the Plaintiff purchafed his Writ againft them, the 4 Affife fhall pafs no further, but the Writ fliall be ‘ abated, (is) The fame fhall be obferved, if both or ‘ one only do appear, if it be found by Affife that the ‘ Exception aforefaid was truly alledged, as before is jo'intenancy < faid. (13) In the fame Order it is eftablifhed and LuncciiOT and*1'* “grcc(^5 That in Affifes of Mortdauncejlor, and Juris juris utrum. ‘ utrum, at the firft Day that the Parties appear in ‘ Court, if the Tenant alledge the forefaid Exception ‘ againft the Demandant, {hewing a Deed thereupon, ‘ and the Demandant will offer to aver by the Affile or ‘ Jury, that at the Day of his Writ purchafed, he that c alledged the Exception was foie Tenant, from thence 4 the fame Procefs and Manner of Proceeding fhall be Fits. Brief, 762. ‘ ufed in Affifes of Mortdauncejlor and Writs of 'Juris 4 utrum, as before is ordained in Affifes of Novel clijjei-

4	Jin, and like Punifhment fhall be inflitfted upon the Jointcnancjr 4 Offenders and thofe that be convitft. (14) In other pleaded in other ‘ Writs whereby Tenements are demanded, fuch Pro-rea a ions, c ceps j-,e mac]e, that if at the firft Day that the

‘ Parties appear in Court, the Tenant doth alledge the

5	forefaid Exception of a joint Feoffment, and the De-‘ 'mandant will oft'er to aver by the Country, that the 4 Day of the Writ purchafed, he that alledged the Ex-

4	cehtion was foie Tenant, then the fame Procefs and 1 Manner of Proceeding {hall be obferved betwixt the

5	Parties until a Jury have paffed between them there-4 upon. (15) And if it be found by the Jury, that the 4 fame Exception was truly alledged, then the Writ of 4 the Demandant fhall abate ; (16) and if it be found-4 en by the Jury, that the fame Exception was' falfly ‘ alledged, and to the Hindrance of the Party, then ‘ the Demandant fhall recover his Seifin of the Tene-4 ments in Demand, and the Tenant fhall be punifhed 4 by the Pain above limited in Affifes of Novel dijpifm 4 as to the Imprifonment, and as to the Damages, ac-4 cording to the Difcretion of the Juftices. (17) And 4 we will and grant, That this Statute fhall take his 4 Effecl the Morrow after the Feaft of Saint Peter ad

i Ina. 364,3G5.4 vincula next coming. (18) Forafmuch alfo as Pleas 4 in Court Spiritual heretofore had many Times un-4 meet Delays, for that our Writ that is called Indica-4 vit was many Times brought before the Judges of 4 fuch Matters when they were begun, and thereupon 4' our chief Juftices could not proceed lawfully, nor in 4 due Manner, to award a Writ of Confultation upon v/iu-nthe v.’r|t 1 manner of Procefs ; (19) it is agreed. That fuch te granted!'1St°* a Writ of Tndicavit fhall not be granted from hence-Rc-gift. 35.	4 forth to any before the Matter hanging in the Spiri-

4 tual Court between the Parties be recorded, and that 4 our Chancellor fhall be certified thereof by the Sight and Infpctftion of the Libel. (20) In Witnefs of 4 whiph 7’hing we have caufed tbefe our Letters to be 4 Patent, I myielf being Witnefs at TVcJlminJlcr. Given 4 the feven and tv/entieth Day of the Month of May,

4 the four and thirtieth Year of our Reign.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ret feifinam fuam St dampna fua in duplo et pro-ponentes exceptionem illam habeant penam fupra-ditftam. Si autem neuter tenentium ad diem ilium venerit tunc per eorum defaltam verfus eos capia-tur affifa. Et fi compertum fit per eandem affifam quod exceptio ilia vere & rite fuit propofita quod ipfi qui earn proponent fuerant conjimciirn feoffati antequam querens breve fuum verfus ipfos impe-travit non procedatur ulterius ad affifam fet caffetur breve querentis. Hoc idem obfervetur fi ambo vel unus tantum venerit fi comperiatur per affifam quod exceptio predifta ut preditftum eft veraciter fuit propofita. Eodem modo ftatutum St concordatum eft quod in affifis Mortis antecefloris & Juratis de utrum ad primum diem quo partes comparuerint in Curia fi tenens proponat preditftam exceptionem contra petentem St de hoc pretendat cartam St pe-tens offerat verificare per affifam vel juratam quod die impetrationis brevis fui file qui talem exceptionem propofuit fuit folus tenens extur.c idem proceffus St modus procedendi fervetur in hujuf-modi affifis Mortis antecefforis & Juratis de utrum qui preordinatus eft St ftatutus in affifis Nove dif-feifine et eadem pena delinquentibus & convidlis infiigatur. In nliis vero brevibus per que ten’ pe-tuntur talis fiat proceffus quod fi primo die quo partes comparuerint in Cur’ tenens proponat exceptionem prediclam de conjunclo feoffamento & petens offerat verificare per juratam patrie quod die impetrationis brevis fui file qui exceptionem illam propofuit fuit folus tenens tunc idem proceffus & modus procedendi fervetur inter partes 'quoufque jurata inde inter eas tranfierit. Et fi convincatur per juratam quod exceptio ilia veraci-te^ fuit propofita tunc caffetur breve petentis &-fi comperiatur per juratam quod exceptio ilia falfo & in lefionem partis propofita fuit tunc petens recuperet feifinam fuam de tenementis petitis & tenens puniatur per penam ftatutam fupra in affifis Nove diffeifine quoad prifonam & quoad dampna fecundum diferetionem Juftic’. Et volumus St concedimus quod iftud ftatutum incipiat tenere locum in craftino fefti Sanfti Petri ad vincula proximo futur’. Quia etiam lites in Curia Chriftiani-tatis hadfenus indebitas dilationes multotiens for-tiebantur per hoc quod breve noftrum quod vo-catur Indrcavit Judicibus talium litium in initio earum delatum fuit Sc fuper hoc capitalis Juftici-arius noftcr ad confultationem fuper tali proceffu faciendam rite feu debito modo nequivit proc^-dere concordatum eft quod tale breve Indicavit alicui decetero non concedatur antequam lis .in Curia Chriftianitatis inter partes fuerit conteftata & quod per infpeftionem libelli Cancellarius nofter fuper hoc certioretur. In cujus rei teftimonium &c. T. R. apud Weftm’ xxvii die Mailn.

, ‘ * The Note1 foltvwlr.g art <m the Roll, viz. I IT u 1 ftatutum miftum fuit Juftic’ de banco & in fingulis comitaiibus per Angliam. Et mandatu'm eft prefatis juftic’ quoJ ftatutum illud in didlo bartco publice facknt predamari & quantum ad ipfos perti.net firmiter obfervari. Eodem modo raandatum eft fingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

rjtdticlei

Articles of Inquifition upon the Statute of Winchefter, viz. An Inquiry how the particular Branches of that Statute be performed, and .by whom broken, made 34 Edw. I. Stat. 2. Anno Dom.: 1306.

E perantiquo MS.

MODUS inquirendi de ftatuto Winton’ Quomodo obfervetur. Et qui ea que con-ftituuntur in ftatuto ex ftatuto edito obfer-vaverint aut non permiferint obfervari. De robe-riis & feloniis faiftis poft pafcha anno regni Regis Edwardi XIIII. & qualiter de roberiis fecte fue-rint fafte & ubi & per quos dicte robberie fafte funt.. Et fi dc corporibus hujufmodi malcfa&orum vicccomites hucufque refporulerunt fecundum fta-tutum. Et ft porte civitatum h magnorum bur-g'orum claufe Tint ab occafu folis ufque ad ortum. Et ft aliqui extranei hofpitati fint in fuburbiis vel in forinfeca parte ville nifi de die & tunc fint tales pro quibus hofpes voluerit refpondere. Et qualiter ballivi & miniftri villarum fecerint inquifitiones. Et fi vigilie fa£te fucrint fecundum ftatutum. Et fr vigilatores dcbito modo fecerint vigilias. Et ft regales vie a vi'llis mercatoriis elargate fint, & qui eas elargiafle debuerat, & qui elargiatioriem impe-diunt. Et ft omnes inter xv annos & lx fintju-rati ad confervationem pads. Et fi habeant ar'ma in domibus fuis prout ftatuitur. Et-fi conftabula-

,	’	■'	■	• ' 1 \"t-	'	■ I 1 ■;

rii fecerint vifum armorum. Et fi ballivi liberta-

tum &. alii venerunt ad hutefium levatum prout

ftatuitur.	'

4 rf^HE Manner of inquiring upon tbe Statute of 4	|	JFhubefter: when it is oblerved, and when •

*	not, (a) and of fuch as have obferved the faid Statute, and of fuch as have not fuffered the Con-

4 tents thereof to be obferved. (3) Of Felonies and 4 Robberies committed after Eafter, the	* thirteenth	*	Rea<J	fmr~

4 Year of the Reign	of King Edward, -J-	and in what	and ln

4 Manner fuch Felonies were done, where and by who?n what Mamed dmt; (4) % and the Suits by Inquefts, according, to the Suits avers matte 4 Tenor of the Statutes made thereupon after; (3) and if after Robberies.

4 the SherifFs have anfwered for the Bodies of fuch Of-4 fenders, || or.not. (6) And if the Gates of the Cities pfdrh/were 4 or great Towns were ftiut from the Time of the Sun committed.

4 going down until	the Sun-rifing. (7)	And if any	j	Not in Prig.

4 Strangers or their	Chatties were lodged	in the Sub-	I!	Read	aenr-

4 urbs, or in the Out-parts of the City, except it were ,ks is,a~

4 in the Day, for whom their Hofts would not aifiver ; q^ad and then 4 (8)' and* alfo how Bailiffs and other Officers of 'I'owns Z thmhe fuch 4 have made Inquiry thereof. (9 ) And if Watches fir avbim'tbeir

*	have bpen Jcept in fuch Sort as is contained .in the faid ttfi-wili an.

4 Statute, or not, and how the Watchmen have kept

4 their Watch. (10) And if the King’s Highly ays ‘ from one Market Town to. another be enlarged, r .

4 4- as well in our .Lord .the King's oivn Woods, as clfe- t mO,ig,

4 where, according to .the Statute ; and if. they be not en-‘ larged, to enquire what Ways, and where they be, and 41who ought to have enlarged them, and or fuch as c do hinder fuch Enlargements, ** as well in Parks as** NatinOrig, '■' in other Woods. ’(ri) 'Alfo jf-all between the Age of 4 I ifteen and Sixty be fworn to keep the Peace : (rz)

‘ Alfa if they have Weapons in their Houfcs,'. 7 (- ac- ff NatinOrig.

4 cording to the Quantity of their Lands and Goods, for'

4 Maintenance of tbe Peace according to the Statute,

4 (13) And alfo if Conftables do make View of Armour 4 in due Manner,	and of other Things belonging to their tt Not in Orlg.

4 Office,' or not. (14) Alfo if |jjj Sheriffs, Hundredcrs, |||| NatinOrig. 4 Bailiffs of Liberties, and Forefters, have come at qq Read others. 4 Huy and Cry levied, .44 and. if they have .made Pur-fi | NatinOrig. 4 fuit for keeping the King’s Peace according to the Sta-4 tute, or nor.’

A Statute of Amor tiling Lands, made Anno 34 Edw. I; Stat. 3 a.

That Lands fhall not be. aliened in Mortmain, where-there be Mefnes, without their Confent.

47 g ^Guching the King’s Grant to be made upon 9H.3. 4 g’ Inquefts returned into the Chancery for Lands

c JSL

to be aliened, into Mortmain, the King com-

DE conceffione Domini Regis facienda fuper inquifitionibus returnatis in Cancellaria de terris ad manum mortuam ,ponerrdis Rex precepit quod nihil fiat ubi medii funt nifi religiofi oftendant eorum affenfum Domino Regi per literas patentes eorundem mediorum figillis fignatas Et e.tiam quod nihil fiat ubi donator penes fe nihil re-

tlnet Et fimiliter ubi inquifitiones fa&e funt et re- man p.ai;> m v_aic wunt u»c uuuui icici vcm uumuig) q../,,.a;„;.r

jilienationsin Mortmain, i & tP. & M. c. 8. permitting them to ffiritual Corporation, 39 Elios, c.t, 21 Jac, 1. c. 1.	13	Sf	14. Car. 2. c. 12. tiamittinf rbatt

far tbe Benefit of tbe Poor, &c.	7	Ef 8 W. 3. c, 37. emfislutring tbe Crown to grant Licences to alien in Mortmain; and 9 Gtr>. z. 1.^36, refraining Gifts in Mort-

main hy IfUl,

* This ia taken from the Seamdapars •octerutnfiatuttrum into the £ngUlh Eilitions.

(tat. r> c. 7 Ed. 1. flat. 2. 13 Ed. r.

mandeth that nothing fhall be done (where there be oi'a’in! de lfber-any Lords mean) except the Religious .Perfons can.-tar. perquir. fhew to our Lord tlie King their Affent under their-27 Ed. 1. Patents fealed with their Seals ; (z);aqd that-nothing;^'4 R-fhall pafs in Cafe where the Donor referveth nothing)'- s' 13 -'

X a

4'to-,

156

Stat. 4."	-	Anno	tricefimo	quarto	E	d	w	a	r	d	1	F.	A.	D.	1306.

4 to himfelf. (?) And likewife where Inquifitions be * made and returned without Warrant, that is to wit, 4 the Writ Original returned with the Inqueft, (4)

4 and likewife unlefs the Writ Original make Mention 4 of every Thing, according to the new Ordinance de-4 vifed by, the King.’

turnate fine warranto videlicet brevi originali re-turnato cum inquifitione Et fimiliter nifi breve originale mentionem faciat de fingulis fecundum novam formam per ipfum Regem adje&is, &c.

t

Statutum de Tallagio non concedendo, fadlum Anno 34 Edw. I. Stat. 4, whereby the King granted Liberties, &c a.

CAR I.

The King or his Heirs Ihall have no Tallage or Aid without Confent of Parliament.

4 TV 7 O Tallage or Aid fhall be taken or levied by us 35 Ed. j. flat. 1. 4 I 'Ll or our Heirs in our Realm, without the good c,e-	4 ** ” TV ill and Affent of Archbilhops, Bifhops,

4 Earls, Barons, Knights, Burgeffes, and other Free-4 men of the Land.’

NUllum tallagium vel auxilium per nos vel heredes noftros in regno noftro ponatur feu levetur fine voluntate et affenfu Archiepif-coporum Epifcoporum Comitum Baronum Mili-tum Burgenfium & aliorum liberorum communi-um de regno noftro.

CAP. II.

J2C0. 19,

Nothing Ihall be purveyed to the King’s Ufe without the Owner’s Content.

4 "NCTO Officer of ours, or of our Heirs, fhall take 4	Corn,	Leather,	Cattle,	or	any	other Goods,

4 of any Manner of Perfon, without the good Will and 4 Affent of the Party to whom the Goods belonged.’

NUllus minifter nofter vel heredum noftrorurrv capiat blada coria aut alique alia bona cujuf-cunque fine voluntate et affenfu illius cujus fuerint bona.

CAP. III.

Nothing fhall be taken of Sacks of Wooll by Colour of Male-tolt.

NOthing from henceforth fhall be taken of Sacks I 'VTIhil capiatur de cetero nomine vel occafionet. of Wooll by Colour or Occafion of Male-tent.’ | maletoute de facco lane.

CAP. IY.

All Laws, Liberties, and Cuftoms confirmed.

4	will	and	grant for us and our Heirs, That

4 Vy all Clerks and Laymen of our Land fhall have 4 their Laws, Liberties, and free Cuftoms, as largely 4 and wholly as they have ufed to have the fame at any 4 -Time when they had them beft ; (2) and if any Sta-4 tutes have been made by us or our Anceftors, or any 4 Cuftoms brought in contrary to them, or any Man-4 ner of Article contained in this prefent Charter, we 4 will and grant, that fuch Manner of1 Statutes and * Cuftoms fhall be void and fruftrate for evermore.’

VOlumus et concedimus pro nobis et heredibus-noftris quod omnes clerici et laid de regno noftro habeant omnes leges libertates et liberas confuetudines fuas ita libere et integre ficut eas alL quo tempore melius et plenius habere confueve^ runt. Et fi contra illas quocunque articulo in pre-fenti carta contento ftatuta fuerint edita per nos et anteceffores noftros vel confuetudines introduce Volumus et concedimus quod hujufmodi confuetudines et ftatuta vacua et nulla fint in perpetuum. •

CAP. V.

Pardon granted to .certain Offenders.

MOreover, we have pardoned Humfrey Bohun •Earl of Hereford and EJJex, Conftable of Eng-4 land, Roger Earl of Norfolk and Suffolk, Marfhal of 4 England, and other Earls, Barons, Knights, Efquires, 4 and namely John de Ferrarils, with all other being of 4 their Fellowfhip, Confederacy, and Bond, and alfo

REmiffimus etiam Humfredo de Boun Comiti Hereford et Effex Conftabulario Anglie et1 Rogero Bigot Comiti Norf. et Suff. Marefcallo Anglie et aliis Comitibus Baronibus Militibus Ar-migeris et J. de Ferreres ac omnibus aliis de eo-rum focietate confederatione et concordia exiftenti-

bus

1 This ia taken into the En|li(h Editions from the Sccunda pars vctcrumftatutorum,

I57

Stat. 4.'

bus necnon et omnibus viginti libratas terre tenen-tibus in regno noftro five de nobis teneant in capite five de alio quocunque ad transfretandum nobifi-cura in Flanariam certo die vocatis rancorem et malam voluntatem ergo nos habitant ac etiam tranfgteffiones fi quas nobis fecerint ufque ad prefentis carte confedtionem.

‘ to all other that hold xx Pound Land in Our Realm, ‘ whether they hold of us in chief, or of other, that ‘ were appointed at a Day certain to pafs over with us ‘ into Flanders, the Rancour and Lvil-will bom a-‘ gainft us, and all other Offences that they have done ‘ againft us, unto the making of this prefent Charter.!

CAP. VI.

The Curfe of the Church fhall be pronounced againft the Breakers of this Charter.

ET ad majorem hujufmodi rei fecuritatem volu-mus et concedimus quod omnes Arcbiepifcopi et Epifcopi in perpetuum habeant in fuis Cathedra-libus ecclefiis habita ante prefentis carte ledlione excoinmunicare et publice in fingulis Parochialibus ecclefiis fuarum diocefium excommunicatos denun-ciare bis in anno omnes illos qui contra tenorem prefentis carte vim et effedtum quoquo modo vel articulo fcienter fecerint aut fieri procuraverint In cujus rei teftimonium prefenti carte figillum no-flrum eft appenfum una cum figillis Archiepifco-porum Epifcoporum, &c. qui fponte juraverunt quod tenorem prefentis carte quantum in eis eft ion omnibus caufis et fingulis articulis fervabunt et ad obfervationem fidele auxilium preftabunt, &c.

£	/\	ND	for the more Affurance of this Thing, we

‘ MX. will and grant. That all Archbifhops and Bi-‘ {hops for ever fhall read this prefent Charter in their ‘ Cathedral Churches twice in the Year, and upon the ‘ reading thereof in every of their Parifh Churches, { fhall openly denounce accurfed all thofe that willingly ‘ do procure to be done any Thing contrary to the ‘ Tenor, Force, and EfFedt of this prefent Charter in ‘ any Point and Article. (2) In Witnefs of which c Thing we have fet our Seal to this prefent Charter, c together with the Seals of the Archbifhops, Bifhops, ‘ &c. which voluntarily have fworn that, as much as ‘ in them is, they fhall obferve the Tenor of this pre-‘ fent Charter in all Caufes and Articles, and fhall ex-c tend their faithful Aid to the keeping thereof, &c.’

Ordinatio Forefhe, made Anno 34 Edw. I. Stat. 5. and Anno Dorru

1306 \

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. rn. 34.

REX omnibus ad quos &c. falutem. Dum imbecillitatis humape confpicimus imperfedlum ac onera-longe lateque diftufa noftris humeris incumbentia attenta conficjeratione penfamus intus nimirum pundturis diverfis torquemur diverforum cogitatuum fludtibus agitati & vexamur frequenter nodtes ducendo infompnes quid agendum quid tenendum quidve exequendunf exiftat inter precordia hefitantes in eo tamen qui fupra cundta tenens in excelfis imperium qui dat efle rebus & difpenfat prout vult munera gratiarum cum fapientie fue magnitudinem humani non capiant intellcdlus virtutes refumimus fperantes quod in ferviciis fuis perficiat adtus noftros & fue bonitatis dementia noftram mifericordiam videat & fuppleat imperfedlum ut ipfius fulti prefidio per viam mandatorum Domini dirrgamur. Profedlo inter omnia foli-citudini noftre & cure inherentia circa illud precipue noftra non intermiflive verfatur intentio ut fubditis noftris regni noftri incolis quietis & tranquillitatis dulcedinem preparemus in quorum quiete quiefeimus & in eorum tranquillitate non fine fuavitatis odore in floribus pads dciiderate interius confoveamur. Sane ex fidelium noftromm relatibus & opprefTorum crebris clamoribus de quibus nimia mentis commotione turba- ' mur didicimus quod per miniftros foreftarum noftrarum populus ejufdem regni miferabiliter opprimitur de-pauperatur & diverfis afficitur injuriis undique moleftatus. Nonnunquam etenim fiunt accufatores de Forefta & indidlationes vulgariter fie appellate non per legitimas inquifitiones proborum & legalium hominum patrie precedentes ut juftitia requirit fet ad didfum unius vel forfan duorum de foreftariis aut ad didlum unius vel forfan duorum de viridariis qui ex odio aut alias malidofe ut ab aliquo pecuniam extorqueant quenquam accufant vel indidlant & exinde fequuntur attachiamenta gravia & punitur innocens quern nulla omnino-culpa feu delidtum conftringit. Opprimitur etiam populus pre multitudine foreftariorum & aliorum mini-ftrorum quos cum non habeant unde aliunde vivant per patriam forefte adjacentem vivere oportebit eofdem ■ et quod eft deterius pro jure officii fui vendicant ut fic vivant ifti nichilominus pro fuis vidlualibus quibus egent bofeum fue cuftodie aut fub fuis cuftodiis deputatum & feras in eifdem exiftentes vendendo donandc & multipliciter minuendo ac minui permittendo fufeeffivis dierum proceffibus deftruunt & adnichilant ad noftrum & heredurn noftrorum intolerabile detrimentum. Quid plura ? dampna & gravamina que circa hec proveniunt ut accepimus difficile foret per fingula enarrare. Cupientes itaque oppreffionibus & gravamini-bus hujufmodi que abfquegravi fcandalo diutius fub diffimulatione preterire nequimus modis Si viis omnibus-quibus poflumus obviare ac regni noftri incolarum pad & tranquillitati pervigili Audio provider?,

2 This is taken from the Sctundo pars vetirumJlatutorum by Mr. Pulton,

C A- P.

Stat. 5<

Auno tricefimo quarto Edwardi I

A, D. 1-106,

iS8

CAP. I.

How Offences done in the Foreft fhall be prefented.

*	T?IR S T, We have ordained for our felves and our 4 X' Heirs, that all Trefpaffes hereafter to be done in ‘ our Forefts of Green-hugh, and of Hunting, the 4 Forefters within whofe Bailiwicks fuch Trefpafles

*	fhall happen to be committed, fhall prefent the fame 4 at the next Swamtnote before the Forefters, Verdors,

*	Regardors, Agiftors, and other Minifters of the fame 4 Fcreft ; and upon fuch Prefentations there before the 4 Forefters, Verdors, and all other Minifters afore-4 faid, by the Oath as well of Knights as of other 4 lawful and honeft Men of the neareft Parts where the 4 Trefpafs fo prefented fhall be done, not fufpefted,

‘ the Truth of the Matter fhall be lawfully enquired 4 of; and the Truth fo enquired of, the fame Prefen-4 tations by the common Accord and Aflent of all the 4 Minifters aforefaid, fhall be folemnly confirmed and ‘ fealcd with their Seals. And if an lndidtment be in 4 any other Manner, it fhall be adjudged void.5

CAP.

An Officer dying, or being abfent,

4 A ND if it happen any of the faid Forefters, Re-4	gardors,	or	other	Minifters of the fame Forefts

4 do die, or by Sicknefs or other Means to be hindred,

4 whereby he cannot be prefent at the fame Swainmote,

4 prefently the Juftice of the fame Foreft, or his Lieu-4 tenant, ihall put another in his Place, fo that the In-4 didhnent may be made by all in Form aforefaid; (z)

4 and that the Officers which are to be placed, fhall he 4 put in as heretofore it hath been ufed to be, except 4. the Verderors, who fhall be ordained by Election,

- 4 and by our Writ.’

Ex,Rot. in Turr. Lond.

VOlumus imprimis Sc ordinamus pro nobis St heredibus noftris quod de tranfgreftionibus in foreftis noftris de viridi Sc venatione decetero facien-dis foreftarii infra quorum ballivas hujufmodi tranf-grefliones fieri contigerit prefentent eafdem ad proxima fwanimota coram foreftariis viridariis re-gardatoribus agiftatoribus & aliis earundem fore-, ftarum miniftris et fuper prefentationibus hujufmodi ibidem coram foreftariis viridariis Sc omnibus aliis miniftris fupradictis per facramentum tarn mi-litum quam aliorum proborum Sc legalium homi-num de partibus vicinioribus ubi tranfgrefliones fic prefentate fafte fuerint non fufpeStorum veritas plenius inquiratur Sc fic inquifita veritate prefenta-tiones ille per communem concordiam Sc aftenfum omnium miniftrorum predidlorum folempniter ro-borentur Sc figillis fuis iigillentur. Et fi alio modo fiat indidfamentum pro nullo penitus habeatur.

II.

another fhall be put in his Place.

ET fi aliquem predi&orum foreftariorum regar-datorum aut aliorum miniftrorum. foreftarum ipfarum obire contingat feu p.er'egrjtudinem vel. alio modo impediri quo minus intereffe valeat hujufmodi fwanimotis incontinenti Jufticiarius forefte feu locum ejus tenens ponat alium loco luo ita videlicet quod indidlamcntum fiat per omnes in forma predidta quodque mjniftri qui ponendi funt ponan-. tur ficut hadtenus fieri confuevit exceptis viridariis qui per eledlionem Sc per breve noftrum deputa-. buntur.

CAP. III.

No Forefler fhall be put in Affifes or Juries.

4 AND we will. That none of the forefaid Mini-4 / \ fters fhall hereafter be put in any Affifes, Ju-4 ties, or Enquefts to be taken without the Foreft.’

TDT volumus quod nultus miniftrorum predidto-, Fi rum in affifis juratis feu inquifttionibus extra toreftam capiendis decetero ponatur.

CAP.

The Punifhment of Officers

AND if there be any Surcharge found of the Forefters, or by fuch other as take upon them 4 to be Officers of the f orefts, fuch Surchargers fhall 4 be removed and imprifoned according to the Difcre-4 tion of the Juftice of the Foreft, or his Lieutenant;

4 (z) and they by whom they were placed fhall be alfo 4 punifhed at our Pleafure. (j) And at every Swani-4 mote fnquifition fhall be made of Surcharges of Fo-4 refters, and other Minifters of the Foreft, and of 4 their Oppreffions done to our People; and Reforma-4 tion and Punifhment fhall be done as it is ordained 4 before.’

IV.

furcharging the Foreft.

ET ft fuperoneratio foreftariorum aut aliorum qui fe gerunt ut miniftros forefte inveniatur amo-veantur hujufmodi fuperonerantes k imprifonen-tur fecundum diferetionem Jufticiarii forefte vel. ejus locum tenentis nec non Sc illi per quos pofiti fuerant ad voluntatem noftram ftmiliter puniantur. Et ad quodlibet fwanitnotum inquiratur folempni-. ter de fuperoneratione foreftariorum Sc aliorum miniftrorum forefte Sc de eorum oppreffionibus populo noftro illatis Sc fiant inde emende Sc punitiones. prout fuperius *ft expreflum.

1 * * * • ‘ „ .

CAP.

Stat. 5.	159

cap. y.

Grounds difafforefted.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

OTJoad illos vero qui tempore quo forefta deaffo-reftata fuit tranfgrefiiones de viridi aut venati-one in forefta feceruntquia deafforeftationem ean-dem & ut fententia excommunicationis in contra-venientes fulminaretur quamquam de noftra bona voluntate minime procefliffet concefli'mus quam quidem fententiam dominus fummus pontifex poft-modum revocavit & qua: conceffionem deafforeftationem ex certis caufis revocamus & etiam ad-nullamus volumus quod tranfgrefiiones hujufmodi pardonentur tranfgreffionibus iilis exceptis que in ea parte que forefta remanfit commiffe fuerunt Ita tamen quod haye & foffata fadla medio tempore profternantur & penitus amoveantur & adnichilen-tur Salvis arentationibus noftris quas fccundum affifam forefte volumus remanere. Eofcus autem cefus & proftratus amoveatur & bofcus flans rema-neat in forefta. Et fi forte aliquis talis bofcus ad-huc flans fit venditus-in forefta remaneat & vendi-tor fatisfaciat emptori juxta quantitatem portionis bofci ftantis in forefta & taliter medio tempore ven-diti & prout ceperit de eodem,.

‘ AS touching them that * commit Trefpaffes of* R%ad iiror 4	Green-hugh,	or	Hunting,	at	fuch	Times	as	committed..

4 the Foreft was difafforefted; we will that thofe Of-4 fences fhall be pardoned, faving fuch Trefpafles which.

4 were committed in that Part which doth remain Fo- .

4 reft; (2) yet fo, as that the Hedges and Ditches 4 made in the mean Time fhall be wholly caft down,.

4 removed, and avoided ; (3) faving our Arrentations,

4 which we will have remain according, to the Aflife or 4 the'Foreft. (4) The Wood which is felled and cut 4 down fhall be removed, and the Wood which is 4 Handing fhall remain in the Foreft. (5) And if any 4 fuch Wood yet ftandingbe fold, it fhall remain in the-4 Foreft, and the Seller ihall fatisfy the Buyer accc-rd—

4 ing to the Quantity of the Wood ftanding in the Fo *

4 reft, and fo fold, in. the mean Time, as. he received!

4 of him.’

cap. vr.

Common in the Foreft*

VOlumus etiam quod Jufticiarius forefte noftre vel ejus locum tenens in prefentia Thefaurarii noftri & per affenfum ejufdem habeat poteftatem capiendi fines & redemptiones illorum qui funt in-didtati de tranfgreffionibus ufque nunc in forefta commifiis itinere Jufticiarii minimeexpedtato. Volumus infuperqued illi qui communem pafturam in; forefta ante perambulationem fadtam habebant et qui funt poftea repoftti in forefta quique de didta-communa per perambulationem predidtam fuerant impediti habeant communem pafturam decetero-in. foreftis adeo large & libere ficut ante perambulationem fadtam habere folebant Salvis arentationibus noftris in forma predicta. In cujus &c. T. R. apud Weftm’ xxvii die Maij..a

4 7E will alfo. That'our Juftice of the Foreft,.

4 VV or his Lieutenant, in the Prefence of our Trea-4 furer,-. and by his Affent, fhall have Authority'- to take 4 Fines and Amerciaments of thofe which be indidted 4 for Trefpaffes committed in ourForefts, and not tar-4 ry for the Eyre of the Juftice. (2) And moreover 4 we will, that they which had Common of Pafture in 4 the_ Foreft before the Perambulation was made, and 4 which were after returned into the Foreft, and that:

4'were reftrained of Common by the faid Perambula-4 tion, fhall have their Common of Pafture hereafter--4 in the Foreft,. as freely and largely as they were wont f-to have before the Perambulation made, (3) faving;

4 our Arrentations in Form aforefaid. In witueis-4 whereof, fSV. at TVeftminfier, 28. die Mail, anno 34 R .. ^ 4- Ed ward 1 primi.’. s'

Le Serement du Vifconte;

VOUS jurrez qe bien & loiaument ferviretz le roi en loffice de vifconte & a Ie preu le roi freetz'en tote3 chofes qe a vous apendent a faire felonc voftre fen & voftre poair & fes droittures & quant qUe a la co-ronne apent loiaument garderetz ne ne affenturetz au deferes ne au concelement des droitz ne dcs franchifes le roi. Et par la ou vous faveretz les droitz le roi ou de la coronne foit en terres ou en rentes ou en franchifes ■ ou en fuites concelees ou fuftretes voftre loiale peine mettrez de ceo repeler et ft vous nc le poetz faire vous le dirretz au Roi ou a ceux de fon.confeil de qi vous foietz certein queuz le dirrount au Roi et les dettes le Roi por donn ne por favour refpiretz par la ou vous les porretz fauntz trefgraunte grevance de dettours lever e qe' loiaument & a droiture tretteretz le people de voftre baillie & a chefcuni freetz droit auxibien a povre come a. riche en ce qe a vous apent afaire & qe por.donn.ne. por promeffe ne por favour ne por haiour tort ne freetz a null ne autri droiture ne ne defturberetz & qe loiaument acquiteretz al afehekier la gent de qi vous averetzr

a Thefollowing Paragraphs are upov the Roll, viz. Confimiles littere mifie fuernnt ad fingulos comitatus per AngiV Et rrandntum eft Hugo is vicecomitibus per AngT quod litteras illas in plenis comitatibus fuis legt & ordinationem regis in eifdem contentam pub) ce ficiant procldtnari.

Rex jtrfticiario foreft. fuanim ultra Trentan vcl ejus locum tenenti falutcm. Dum imbecillitatis 5rc. falvis arentationibus in forma prcdi&a, Et ideo vobis mandamus cuod ordinationem noftram predictam in balliva veftra faciatn publice proclamari & cam decetero in omnibus & fmgulis fuis arriculis obferva'.is & per totam ballivam veftram faciatis firmiter & inviolabiliter obfervari» Teftc ut-fupra,

Eodem modo feribitur jufticiario foreJftarum regis citra-Trentam vel ejus locum tenenti*

4	rien^

Anno trlcefimo quinto Edwardi I,

• .



Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

lien receu des dettes le Roi 6t qe riens ne prendretz par quoi le Roi perde ou par quo! droiture foit defturbe ou la dette le Roi delae e qe loiaument freez retourner 5t loiaument fuire les brefs le Roi a voftre fen & a voftre poair 6t qe vous ne prendretz nul ballif en voftre fervice por qi vous ne voletz refpoundreet qe vous freez voz ballifs faire autiel ferment come a eux apent et que nul brief ne receivretz par vous ne par ies voz fouz feal des Juftices forfqe en eyre ou autres juftices aflignetz en meifme la counte ou Juftice de Neugate 5c qe vous mettretz voz ballifs de plus loiaux du pais 5c qe nul ballif ne miniftre qi ad efte od lautre vifcounte letendretz en voftre fervice.

ceriting ForeJIs, I Ed.	I.	c.	8.	t	Ed.	3	.flat.	2.	c.	1	&?	2.	25	Ed.	^./lal.	5.

I* Car. 1. c. 16.	2	1	Car.	t.	c.	3.	28	Geo.	1.	c.	19.

,7.	7	Rich.	2.	c.	3	&	4.	ilEd.^.c.-j.	31	H.	8.	c.	5.	32//.	8.	c.	35,

a Tnft. 380’.

55 Ed. 3. fiat. 6. giving King and Lords Power to f refent to Bene-fees of their own and Anctjlors Foundation,

Hob. 148.

Statutum De Apportis Religio forum, made Anno 35 Edw, I. St at. 1.

and Anno Dom. 1307 a.

CAP. I.

The Caufes of Ere&ion of Abbies. Impofitions fet by Priors Aliens.

Ex Rot. in Tun\ Lond. m. 33.

UPER ad notitiam domini Regis ex gravi querela Magnatum Procerum 5c aliorum nobilium regni fui pervenit quod cum Mo-nafteria Prioratus 5c domus religiofe ad laudem 5c honorem Dei 5c ad exaltationem fandle ecclefie per Regem 5c progeni tores fuos 5c per didlos Magnates 5c nobiles 5c eorum anteceflores fundata fniftent 5c terre 5c tenementa quamplurima eflent data per ipfos didh's Monafteriis Prioratibus 5c domibus ac viris religiofis in eifdem Deo fervientibus ut in hu-jufmodi Monafteriis 5c domibus religiofis tarn cle-rici quam laici admitterentur fecundum fuarum fufficientiam facultatum 5c infirmi ac debiles fuften-tarentur hofpitalitates elemofinarum largitiones 5c alia pietatis opera exercerentur 5c pro animabus predidlorum fundatorum 5c heredum fuorum fierent in eifdem Abbates Priores 5c Cuftodes earumdem domorum 6c quidam eorum fuperiores alienigene utpote Abbates 5c Priores Cluniacen’ Ciftertierf 5c Premonftra’ 5c Sandtorum Auguftini 5c Benedifti ordinum 5c ceteri quamplures alterius religionis 5c ordinis noviter per lingula Monafteria 5c domos eis fubjedla in Angl’ Hibern’ Scotia 5c Wallia diverfa tallagia cenfus 5c impofitiones infolitas graves 5c importabiles domino Rege Magnatibufque fuis in-confultis fieri ftatuerunt 5c pro fuo libito ordinarunt contra leges 5c confuetudines didti regni ex quo fit ut numerus religioforum 5c aliorum fervitorum in hujufmodi domibus 5c locis religiofis per tallagia hujufmodi cenfus Sc impofitiones oppreilis minuitur cultus divinus 5c alimonie pauperibus infirmis & debilibus fubtrahantur 5c falutes vivorum 5c anime mortuorum miferabiliter defraudantur hofpitalitates eleinofinarum largitiones ac cetera ceftant opera caritatis ficque quod olim in ufus pios 5c ad divini cultus augmentum caritative fuerat erogatum jam in cenfum reprobum eft converfum unde preter ea que preinittuntur fcandalum non modicum crefcit in populo 5c dampna innumera in exheredationem predidlorum fundatorum ac heredum fuorum pro-cul dubio provenifte nofeuntur 5c adhuc verifimiliter prefumitur provenire nil! tantis 5c tarn gravibus detriments celeri 5c falubri remedio obvietur.

CC

<c

cc

((

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

OF late it came to the Knowledge of our Lord the King, by the grievous Complaint of the honourable Perfons, Lords, and other Noble--men of his Realm, that whereas'Monafteries, Priories, and other Religious Houfes were founded to the Honour and Glory of God, and the Advancement of the Holy Church, by the King and his Progenitors, and by the faid Noblemen and their Anceftors, (z) and a very great Portion of Lands and Tenements have been given by them to the faid Monafteries, Priories, and Houfes, and the Religious Men ferving God in them, to the Intent that Clerks and Laymen might be admitted in fuch Monafteries, Priories, and Religious Houfes, according to their fufficient Ability, and that ftek and feeble Men might be maintained, Hofpitality, Almfgiving, and other charitable Deeds might be done, and that in them Prayers might be faid for the Souls of the faid Founders and their Heirs; (3) the Abbots,

Priors, and Governours of the faid Houfes, and certain Aliens their Superiours, as the Abbots and Priors of Cejlercienfes, and Prernonjlratenfes, and of the Order of St. Augujline, and St. Benedict, and many more of other Religion and Order, have at their own Pleafures fet divers unwonted, heavy and importable Tallages, Payments, and Impofitions upon every of the faid Monafteries and Houfes in Subjection unto them in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, without the Privity of our Lord the King and his Nobility, contrary to the Laws and Cuftoms of the faid Realm ; (4) and thereby the Number of Religious Perfons, and other Servants in the faid Houfes an-1 Religious Places being opprefled by fuch Tallages, Payments, and Impositions, the Service of God is diminiftied,^ Alms being not given to the Poor, the Sick, and Feeble, the Healths of the Living and the Souls of the Dead be miferably defrauded, Hofpitality, Almfgiving, and other godly Deeds do ceafe ; (5) and fo that which in Times paft was charitably given to godly Ufes, and to the Increafe of the Service of God, is now converted to an evil End ; by Permiftion whereof there groweth great Scandal to the People, and infinite Lofles and Dif-heritances are like to enfue to the Founders of the faid Houfes and their Heirs, unlefs fpcedy and fufficient Remedy be provided to redrefs fo many and grievous Detriments.”

* This is taken from the Seen add pars vetcrum Jlatutorum by Pulton.

3

Confiderans

Stat. i.

161

E-< Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Confiderans Igitur prcfatus dominus Rex fibi & populo fuo valde fore dampnofum fi tam grandes ja&uras £c infolentias fuftineret diutius fub aiffimi-latione tranfire volenfque idcirco Monafteria Prio-ratus & alias religioforum domos & loca in regno & terris dominio fuo fubjeCtis conftituta fecundum voluntatem & pia vota fundatorum ipforum manu-tenere h dcfendere contra hujufmodi oppreflio-nes de congruo remedio providere decetero ut tene-tur de conulio Comitum Baronum Magnatum Pro-cerum & aliorum nobilium & regni fui communi-tatis in parliamento fuo apud Weftm’die Dominica proxima poll feftum fanCti Mathie apoftoli anno regni fui tricefimo tertio habito ordinavit & fta-tuit.

“ II. Wherefore our forefaid Lord the King, con- 3 Eulftr. 43.

“ fidering that it would be very prejudicial to him and “ his People if he Ihould any longer fuffer fo great “ Lofl'es and Injuries to be winked at, and therefore “ being willing to maintain and defend the Monafte-“ ries, Priories, and other Religious Houfes erefted in “ his Kingdom, and in all Lands fubjeCt to his Domi-“ nion, * and from henceforth to provide fufficient “ Remedy to reform fuch Oppreflions, as he is bound,” * AAA according ‘ by the Counfel of his Earls, Barons, Great Men, 7' ar,i c t and other Nobles of his Kingdom in his Parliament^llbFouTden.

‘ holden at IVcJlminfiler, f in the J five and thirtieth f Add on the ‘ Year of his Reign, hath ordained and enacted,	Lord's Day next

after the Feaji of St- Mathew the yhpofle.

\ Read three, Confrmed by 5 Ed. 3. c, 3.

CAP. II.

Religious Perfons fhall fend nothing to their Superiors beyond the Sea. •

NEquis Abbas Prior Msgifter Cuftos feu quivis alius religiofus cujufcumque conditionis feu flatus aut religionis exiftat fub poteftate & ditione iua conftitutus cenfum aliquem per fuperiorcs fuos Abbates Priores Magiftros Cuftodes Religiofarum domorum vel locorum impofterum vel inter feipfos aliqualiter ordinatum extra regnum & dominium fuum fub nomine redditus tallagii apporti feu im-pofitionis cujufcumque vel alias nomine efcambii venditionis mutui vel alterius contraCtus quocum-que nomine cenfeatur per fe vel per mercatores aut alios clam vel palam arte vel ingenio deferat vel tranfmittat feu deferri faciat quoquomodo nec eti--am ad partes exteras fe divertat caufa vifitationis aut alio colore quefito ut fic bona monafteriorum & domorum fuarum extra regnum & dominium prediCtum adducat. Et fi quis contra prefens fta-tutum venire prefumpferit confiderata qualitate delicti & regie prohibitionis penfato contemptu gra-viter puniatur.

c 'T'HAT no Abbot, Prior, Mailer, Warden, or c X other Religious Perfon, of whatfoever Condi-e tion, State, or Religion he be, beingunder the King’s c Power or Jurifdiction, Iball by himfelf, or by Mer-‘ chants or others, fecretly or openly, by any Device ‘ or Means, carry or fend, or hy any Means caufe to c be fent, any Tax impofed by the Abbots, Priors,

‘ Mailers or Wardens of Religious Houfes their Supe-c riors, or aflefl'ed among!! themfelves, out of his King-c dom and his Dominion, under the Name of a Rent, c Tallage, or any kind of Impofition, or otherwife by c the way of Exchange, mutual Sale, or other Con-‘ tra<£t howfoever it may be termed ; (2) neither Ihall c depart into any other Country for Vifitation, or upon ‘ any other Colour, by that Means to carry the Goods c of their Monafteries and Houfes out of the Kingdom ‘ and Dominion aforefaid. (?) And if any will pre-c fume to offend this prefent Statute, he Ihall be grie-‘ voufly punilhed according to the Quality of his Of- Confirmedly ‘ fence, and according to his Contempt of the King’s 4E<?-fi -6; ‘ Prohibition.’

CAP. III.

No Impofmons fnall be taxed by Priors Aliens.

PReterea inhibet prefatus dominus Rex Omnibus &fingulis AbbatibusPrioribus Magiftris Cufto-dibus religiofarum domorum & locorum alienige-nis quorum poteftati fubje&ioni & obedientie do-mus eorundem ordinum in regno & dominio fuo cxiftentes fubduntur ne decetero tallagia cenfus impofitiones apporta feu alia quecumque onera ali-qeibus monafteriis prioratibus feu aliisdomibus religions eis ut predicitur fic fubje&is imponant vel faciant aliqualiter afiidere & hoc fub forisfa&ura omnium que in poteftate fua optinent & forisfacere poterunt in futurum.

C l\ /f Oreover, our forefaid Lord the King doth in-c J.VJ hibit all and fingular Abbots, Priors, Mailers, ‘ and Governors of Religious Houfes and Places, being c Aliens, to whole Authority, Subjection, and Obe-‘ dience the Houfes of the fame Orders in his King-e dom and Dominion be fubjeCl, that they do not at c any Time hereafter impofe, or by any Means afTefs ‘ any Tallages, Payments, Charges, or other Burdens ‘ whatfoever, upon the Monafteries, Priories, or other c Religious Houfes in Subjection unto them (as is afore-£ faid) and that upon Pain of all that they have or may c forfeit.’

C A P. IV.

By whom the common Seal of an Abbey fhall be kept, and how ufed.

ET infuper ordinavit dominus Rex & ftatuit quod Abbates Ciftercien’ & Premonftraten’ ordinum & aliorum religioforum quorum figillum in cuftodia Abbatis & non Conventus prius reft-Voi. I.

‘ A ND further, our Lord the King hath ordained Tho Comrron c	and	eftablilhed,	That	the	Abbots	of	the Orders Seaisof Abbcj-.

c of Cejiercienfes and Prconanfirptcnfec, and other Reli- 8 Co’ II8, c gious Orders, whofc Seal hath heretofore been ufed

Y	‘	to	.

Anno tricefimo quin to Edwardi I. A. D. 1307.

Abbots Aliens may vifit thfcir Inferiors in ■England.

C^rtpnned by 4 Ed. 3. c. 6. slnJ farther by £ Ed, 3, c. 3,

4 to; remain only in the Cuftody of the Abbot, and not 4 of the Covent, fhall hereafter have a Common Seal, * and that fhall' remain in the Cuftody of the Prior of 4 the Monaftery.or Houfe, and four of the moft worthy ‘ and difcreet Men of the Covent of the fame Houfe, 4 to be laid up in fafe Keeping under the private Seal 4 of the Abbot of the fame Houfe; (z) fo that the 4 Abbot or Prior, which doth govern the Houfe, fhall 4 be able of himfelf to eftablifh nothing, though here-‘ tofore it hath been otherwife ufed. (;) And if it'for-4 tune hereafter, that Writings of Obligations, Dona-‘ tions, Purchafes, Sales, Alienations, or of any other 4 Contrails, be fealed with any other Seal than fuch a ‘ common Seal, kept as i= aforefaid, they fkail be ad-‘ judged void and of no Force in Law. (4) But it is ‘ not the Meaning of our Lord the King to exclude ‘ the Abbots, Priors, and other Pvdigious Aliens, by ‘ the Ordinances and Statutes aforefaid, from execu-4 ting their Office of Vifitation in his Kingdom and ‘ Dominion ; but they may vifit at their Pleafures, by 4 themfelves or others, the Monafteries and other 4 Places in his Kingdom and Dominion in Subjection 4 unto them, according to the Duty of their Office, in ‘ thofe Things only that belong to regular Oblervation, 4 and the Difcipline of their Order.’

4 If. Provided, That they which fhall execute this ‘ Office of Vifitation, fhall carry, or caufe to be car-4 ried out of his Kingdom and Dominion, none of the 4 Goods or Things of fuch Monefteries, Priories, and 4 Houfes, faving only their reafonable and competent ‘ Charges.

“ III. And though the Publication and open Notice 44 of the Ordinances and Statutes aforefaid was flayed in 44 Sufpence for certain Caufes fithence the laid Parlia-44 ment., until this prefent Parliament holden at CarliJIe 44 in the Odhaves. of Saint Hilary, in the five and thir-44 ticth Year of the Reign of the fame KingEDWARD, 44 to the Intent they might proceed with greater Deli-“ heration and Advice;” ‘ (2) our Lord the King, 4 after full Conference and Debate had with his Earls, 4 Barons, Nobles, and other great Men of his King-4 dom, touching the Premiffes, by their whole Con-4 fent and Agreement hath ordained and enabled, That 4 the Ordinances and Statutes aforefaid, under the 4 Manner, Form, and Conditions aforefaid, from the 4 firft Day of May next enfuing, fhall be inviolably ob-4 ferved for ever, and the Offenders of them fhall be 4 punifhed as is aforefaid.’

E>: Rot. in Turr. Lond. dere tantummodo confuevit decetero ha’oeant figil-lum commune & illtid in cuftodia Prioris monafte-rii five domus & quatuor de dignioribus & difereti- -oribus ejufdem loci Conventus fub privato figillo Abbatis ipfius loci cuftodiend’ deponant. Ita quod Abbas feu Superior domus cui preeft per fe con-traclum aliquem feu obligationem nullatenus poffit firmare ficut hadlenus facere confuevit. Et fi for-fan aliqua feripta obligatoria donationum emptio-num venditionum alienatioiium feu aliorum con-tracluum quorumcumque alio figillo quam tali figillo communi ficut pretnittitur cuftodito inveni-antur amodo figillata pro nullis penitus habeantur omnique careant firmirate. Ceterum intentionis domini Regis non exiftit Abbates Priores & alios religiofos alienigenas per ordinationes & ftatuta ex-preffa fuperius ab officio vifitationis in regno & do-minio fuis exercendo excludere quin per fe ipfos vel alios monafteria & alia loca eis in regno & do-minio fuis predibtis fubjebfa juxta officii fui debi-tum in hiis dumtaxat que ad obfe'rvantiam' regul'a- " rem h ordinis fui difeiplinam pertinent libere va-leant vifitare.

Provifo quod illi qui officium hujufmodi vifitationis exercuerint nichil de bonis aut rebus hujufmodi monafteriorum prioratuum &domorum extra prefatum regnum & dominium preter rationabiles & moderatas eorum expenfas deferant vel deferri procurent.

Et licet ordinationum & ftatutorum preferipto-rum pronunciatio & publicatio a parliamento proximo preterito ufque ad prefens parliamentum apud Karliolum in odtabis Sanbfi Hillarii anno regni e-jufdem domini Regis Edwardi tricefimo quinto certis ex caufis & ut cum majori deliberatione It maturitate procederent remanferint in fufpenfo do-minus Rex poft deliberationem plenariam & trac-tatum cum Comitibus Baronibus Proceribus & aliis nobilibus ac communitatibus regni fui habitum in premiffis de corifenfu eorum unanimi & concordi ordinavit & ftatuit ut ordinationes & ftatuta pre-didla fub forma modis & conditionibus fupra con-tentis a primo die Maii" proximo futuro in antea inviolabiliter obferventur perpetuis temporibus va-litura quodque tranfgrefTores ipforurii penis extunc fubjaceant annotatis.

Gonfimile Jlaiutiun de verlo ad verbum mittitur in Jinguiis comitatibus per Anglican.

REX vie’ Salop’ falutem. Quia ad communem populi regni noftri utilitatem & totius dominii noftri ftatus meliorationem in inftanti parliamento noftro apud Karliolum de confilio magnatum h procerum noftrorum quedam edidimus ftatuta que tibi fignata mittimus obfervanda tibi precipimus firmiter injungentes. quod ea in duobus comitatibus tuis publice legere & recitare facias & ca in fingulis fuis articulis inviolabiliter obfervari h hoc nullatenus omittas. T. R. apud Karliolum-xx die Martii.

Confimilia brevia mittuntur fingulis viceco/nitibus per A'ngliam.

REX diledlo fibi in Chrifto abbati de Waverle falutem. Quia ad communem populi regni noftri utilita-tem &c. (ut fupra) vobis mandamus firmiter injungentes quod ea quolibet anno bis in pleno capitulo-domus veftre publice legere & recitare faciatis & in fingulis fuis articulis fub pena in predidlis ftatutis contenta inviolabiliter obfervari. Tefteut fupra. •

Supradibium Jlatutum rnifjiim fuit cum littcris regis. .patentibus in forma-predifia albatibus locorum fubferiptorum

videlicet

De Eglijion	De Jerovall	De Fontibus	De IVcllchck	De Gervjedon

De Sanfla A gate a	De Bella Lancia	De Rupe.	Dc Rughford	Priori dc Spahlyng..

Quatuor paria iitterarum ad injlantiam principis dirtgenda quibufdam abbatilus in JFallia.

Stat,

A. D. 1307.

Anuo tricefimo quinto Edward 1 T.

Stat. 2.

163

Stat, Ne reCtor profternat arbores in cemiterio, made Anno 35 Edw. I.

Stat. 2. W Anno Dorn. 1307 s.

In what. Cafes and by whom Trees may be felled in Church-yards.

OUONIAM inter restores ecclefiarum et fuos parochianos luper.arboribus crefcentibus in cemiterio altcrcationes oriri fepius intel-leximus, utrifque ad fe pertinere contendentibus: Hujufmodi altercationis dubium declarare, juris facri_p o t iu s quam {tatuti juris . eftimamus. Nam cum cemiterium maxime dedicatum folum fit ec-clefie, et quicquid plantatur folo cedat; fequitur necefl'ario, arbores ipfits debere inter facultates ec-clefiafticas numerari, de quibus laicis nulla eft at-tributa facultas difponendi, fed ficut facra feriptura teftatur folis facerdotibus difpofitio et cura indif-cufla a Deo commifla decet.

Verum cum arbores ipfe propter ventorum im-

Eetus, ne ecclefiis noceant, fepe plantantur; pro-ibemus ne ecclefiarum restores ipfas • prefumant profternere indiftindte, nifi cum cancellus ecclefie neceflaria indigent refedtione. Nec in alios ufus aliqualiter convertantur; preterquam fi navis ec-clelie indigueritfimiliter refedlionc, et restores pa-rochlarum indigentium eis caritative de arboribus ipfis duxerint largiendum : quod fieri non precipi-mus, fed cum fadtum fuerit commendabimus.

EC A USE we do underftand, that Contro-. verfies do oft-times grow between Parfons of Churches and their Parifhioners, touching Trees growing in the Church-yard, both of them pretending that they do belong unto themfelves, (2.) * wc.have thought It good rather to decide this Controversy by Writing than by Statute. (3) Forafmuch as a Church-yard that is dedicated is the Soil of a Church, and whatfoever is planted belongeth to the Soil,” ‘ it muft needs follow, That thofe Trees which be growing in the Church-yard are to be reckoned amongft the Goods of the Church, the which Laymen have no Authority to difpofe, but, as the Holy Scripture doth teftify. The Charge of them is committed only to Priefts to be difpofed of.’

“ II. And yet feeing thofe Trees be often planted to defend the Force of the Wind from hurting of the Church ‘ we do prohibit the Parfons of the Church, That they do not prefume to fell them down unadvifedly, but when the Chancel of the Churcli doth want neceffary Reparations; (2) neither fhall they be converted to any other Ufe, except the Body of the Church doth need like Repair : (1) In which Cafe the + Parfons of their Charity fhall do well to relieve the Parifhioners with beftowing upon them the fame 'Frees ; which we will not command to be done, but we will commend it when it is done.’

t Ro 1 253.

• Read cue think

it belong1 rather to thefa-'red Lav) than to the jia-tutc Law, to de» termine this Doubt.

II Co. 49.

f Read the Hectors of poor Pa -ri/bes.

Anno primo E D W A R D I II.

Siatutum de Militibus, made i Edwardi II. Stat. i. a?id Anno Dom.

1307.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2,

'll A O MIN US Rex conceffit quod omries qui Milites effe debent & iion funt & diftridti fuerint ad arma 0 J militaria fufeipienda infra Feftum Nat’ domini habeant refpedtum ad predidta arma militaria fufei-pienda ufque in Odlabas fandti Hillar’ fine occafione & extunc diftringantur nifi interim. See. Item conceffit quod fi aliquis quefitus fuerit in Cancellaria co quod diftridtus fuerit See. Si non habeat quadraginta libratas terre in feodo vel ad terminum vitefuedc hpc vdit verificare per patriam tunc diferetis Si legalibus Militibus de Comitatu ad predidtam inquifitionem capiendam feribatur Ft fi per illam inquifitionem ita fuiffe eonftiterit fiet ei-remedium & cefiet diftridfio Item fi aliquis intplacitatus'fuerit de tota terra fua vel etiam de parte ejufdem ita quod refiduum non fufficiat ad valentiam quadraginta librarum Nhoc poffit verificare tunc cefiet diftridfio donee placitum illud terminetuc Item fi aliquis eorum teneatur in certis debitis atterminatis ad fcaccarium ad certam fummam inde capiend’ per annum & refiduum terrarum fuarum ultra predidtam fum-mam valorem quadraginta librarum annuarum non excedat cefiet diftridtio donee predictum' debitum fuerit folutum & nullus diftringatur ad arma militaria fufeipienda antequam venerit ad etatem viginti Sc unius anni.

1 Inft. 593. Caufes to excufe a Man from undertaking Knighthood. Amended by St. 16 Car. 1. c. 20.

a This is taken f;om the Secur.da fart veterum Statutorum by Pulton.

Y a

Iteiti

A. D. 1307

J	Cotton MS.

Item nullus ratione terre fue quam tenet in nianeriis que nunc funt in antiquo dominico corone tanquam fokemannus b que terra dabit tallagium quando dominica Regis talliantur diftringatur ad arma militaria fuf-cipienda Item de illis qui terras fuas tenent in focagio de aliis maneris corone nullum facientibus fervitium forinfecum fcrutentur rotuli de Cancellaria de tempore predecefl'orum domini Regis b fiat lecundum quod fieri confuevit.

Eodem modo fiat de clericis infra facros exifientibus laicum feodum tenentibus qui Milites efle deberent fi laici fuifient Item nullus diftringatur pro Burgagiis fuis licet valorem quadraginta librarum attingant.

Item qui Milites efie debent b non funt qui per modicum tempus terras tenuerunt. Et fimiliter qui ni-iniam fenedfcutem vel defeftum membrorum vel morbum incurabilem vel onus liberorum placitorum vel plu-rium allegant vel certas caufas votivas pretendunt adeant ad Robertum de Tiptot & Antonium de Beke & coram eis finem faciant quibus eft injundtum quod fecundum difcretionein eorum rationabiles fines admittant.

Statute De frangentibus Prifonam, made Anno 1 Edw. II. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 3 307.

3 Tnfi. 69, 70. Krl. S7.

Frz. Colon. J34-

z Infi. 5S9.

In what Cafe it is Felony to break Prifon, in what not.

Concerning Prifoners which break' Prifon, our Lord the King willeth and commandeth, That none from henceforth that breaketh Prifon fhall ‘ have Judgement of Life or Member for breaking of ‘ Prifon only, except the Caufe for which he was taken ‘ and imprifoned did require fuch Judgement, if he ‘ had been convidl thereupon according to the Law ‘ and Cuftom of the Realm, albeit in Times paft it ‘ hath been ufed otherwife.’

Cotton A1S. Claudius, D. 2.

DE prifonibus prifonam frangentibus dominus Rex vult b precepit quod nullus de cetero qui prifonam fregerit fubeat judicium vite b membrorum pro fradtione prifone tantum nifi caufa pro qua captus b imprifonatus fuerit tale judicium requireretfi deiilajuxta legem & confuetu-dinem terre fuiflet convidtus licet temporibus prcte-ritis aliter fieri confuevit.

STATUTUM 2 Edw. II. apud Staunford a.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 33. in Schedula. zS Ed. 1. fiat.3.	S fount les Articles qe le Roi Edward Piere le Roi qe ore eft a fon parlement a Weftmuftr en

*•a-	1	. quarefme Ian de fon regne vint b oitifme entre les autres chofes qil adonqe ordena en alle-

gance des grevances qe foen poeple avoit eu par les guerres qe avoient efte b en amendement de lour eftat e purtant qil fuiffent plus preftez, a fon fervice e plus volentiers eidantz qant il en averoit afere ordene e eftabli en la forme qe fenluyt. En primes chief purceo, be. [Then is entered on the Record the Statute Artie, fuper Chart. 28 E. 1. ft. 3. c. 2 b 3. to fedt. 8. and c. 6. to qe touche la commune ley. Then the Record goes on thusLes queux articles le Roi qe ore eft a la requefte de fes bones gentz de fon Roiaume eant regard a les acheifons defufdites voet b commande qe deformes foient pleinement tenuz b gardez en toutz lour pointz. Et quant a la requefte des dites bones gentz endroit des pleds trere b tenir a les portes des chafteux le Roi veut le Roi qe les Coneftables de fes chafteaux ne diftreignent gentz a pleider devant eux nul plai de forein conte ne deinz conte autrement qe auncienement foleit eftre fait. E quant a les cuftumes qe le Roi prent par fes miniftres ceft afavoirde chefcun tone! de vin ii. s. de chefcun drap qe marchaundz aliens font venir en fa terre ii. s. b de chefcun livre de aver de poys iii. d. Voet le Roi a la requefte de fes dites bones gentz qe les dites cuftumes de vins draps b aver de poys ceflent a fa'volunte par faver b eftre avife quel profit b quel avantage acreftera a lui b a fon poeple par cefter de la prife de celes cuftumes & puis avera le Roi confcil folonc lavantage qil y verra fauvecz totevoies au Roi les auncienes prifes b cuftumes aunciene-mentdues &approvees. E quant a les autres requeftes qe les dites bones gentz fefoient au Roi le Roi les ad grante bonement & ad charge fon Chauncellier b fes autres miniftres qeeux les facent garder fermement. Et voet le Roi qe fi nul fefente greve en nul point contre ledit ordenement b les ditz articles iffint par lui granteez b plcindre fe voill qe le Chauncellier luy face remedie par breef folonc fon cas b folonc ceo qil verra qe micutz foit a fere.

Liter:

® Firft printed in Mr. Serjeant Hawkins’s Edition.

A. D. 1309,

Anno tertio Edwardi II.

Litere patentee fuper prijis bonorum Cleri de Statuto pro Clero inviola-biliter obfervando.	FaSl. Ansio tertio Edw. II a.

Ex Rot. inTurr. Lor.d. m. 33. D.

REX omnibus ad quos See. falutem. Sciatis quod cum Celebris memorie dominus Edwardus quondam Rex Anglie Pater nofter in priino parliamento fuo apud Weftm’ anno regni fui tertio inter cetera que ibidem pro emendatione ftatus populi regni fui Sc pro tranquillitate Sc quiete prelatorum Sc cleri didli regni ordinavit ftatuiffetquod niillus blada aliqua triturare & ea vel vidtualia aut aliqua alia bona prelatorum religioforum redtorum ecclefiarum autaliorum de clero fub colorc emptionis vel alio modo quocumque infra viliam mercatoriam vel extra nec etiam equos boves plauftra caredtas naves aut batellos fuos ad cariagia aliqua inde facienda capere afportare vel abducere prefumerct contra voluntatem illorum quorum forent vei cuftodum eorundem et quod fi quis de voluntate illorum aliquod hujufmodi faceret ftatim inde fatisfaceret illis fecundum quod conveniri contingeret inter eos et fimiliter quod omnes qui contra premiffa vel aliquod illorum venirent & inde convidti fuiflent prifone regie adjudicarentur Sc exinde fecundum qualitatem & moduin delicti & prout curie regie expediens vifum fuiffet redimerentur et quod fi illi quibus in aliquo premifforum tranfgreffum foret verfus tranfgreffores hujufmodi fequi vellent dampna que eos fuftinere contingeret eis in duplum adjudicarentur Sc reftituerentur et tranfgreffores in forma predidta nichilominus punirentur quod-que Sc forfitan aliquis cui contra formam ftatuti predidti tranfgredi contingeret contra tranfgreffores hujufmodi fequi nollet nichilominus didtus pater nofter contra tranfgreffores predidtos fedtam fuam tanquam de re contra prohibitionein Sc pacem fuam fadta haberet et quod idem pater nofter de anno in annum inquiri faceret prout expedire videret qui aliquam tranfgreftionem hujufmodi commififfent et infuper quod omnes illi qui per tales inquifitiones indidlati effent attachiarentur & poftmodum ad veniendum in curia didti patris noltri ad certum diem unius menfis fpatium continentem per magnam diftridtionem diftringerentur et quod fi tunc non venirent iterato diftringerentur per confimilem diftridtionem ad veniendum in curia regia ad terminum fex feptimanarum fpatium continentem et quod fi tunc non venirent tanquam convidti judicarentur Sc dampna in duplum illis qui dampna ilia receperant ad fedtam didti patris noftri reddere tenerentur & quod nichilominus fecundum modum et quantitatem tranfgreflionis ipforum ad voluntatem regiam graviter redimerentur prout in ftatuto predidto plenius continetur ac fubfequenter tempore dicti genitoris noftri et fimiliter tempore noftro poftquam fufeepimus regimen regni noftri in diverfis parliamentis ipfius patris noftri et noftris ex parte prelatorum et cleri regni predidti graves propofite fuiffent querimonie continentes quod vicecomites et alii miniftri didti patris noftri dum vixit ncc non miniftri tempore noftro ftatutum predidtum nullatenus obfervarunt et quod ipfi penas predidtas in didto ftatuto ut premittitur expreffas non ponderantes in aliquo feu timentes blada vidtualia et alia bona et fimiliter equos boves plauftra caredtas naves et batellos prelatorum et aliorum de clero tarn infra fandtuarium quam extra fub colore olficiorum fuorum et alias pro eorum libito voluntatis contra didtorum prelatorum et cleri ac cuftodum rerum et bonorum hujufmodi voluntatem cepe-runt et abduxerunt fuper quibus didti prelati et clerus remedium fibi fieri fepius cum inftantia fupplicarunt. Nos ad honorem Dei et pro pace et tranquillitate ecclefie Anglicane futuris temporibus obfervand’ volentes quod ftatutum predidtum quod perdidtum patrem noftrum et totum commune confilium regni fui editum ex-titituteftdidfuin quamvis in aliquibus vel aliquo articulorum in ipfo contentorum hadtenus minus plene fuerit obfervatum nichilominus impofterum perpetuis temporibus inviolabiliter in omnibus obfervetur concedimus et firmiter precipimus pro nobis et heredibus noftris quod nulli vicecomites aut alii miniftri noftri vel heredum noftrorum feu alius quicumque blada aliqua triturare et ea vel aliqua alia vidtualia vel bona aut etiam equos boves plauftra caredtas naves feu batellos prelatorum religioforum redtorum ecclefiarum vel aliorum de clero fub colore emptionis vel alio modo in villis mercatoriis aut alibi contra voluntatem illorum quorum fuerint vel cuftodum eorundem capere afportare vel abducere aut etiam occafione ilia extorfionem aliquam ab aliquo facere prefumant fub omnibus et fingulis penis fupradidtis et quod omnes et finguli contra premifla venientes abfque excufatione quacumque penis fubjaceant antedidtis quodque omnes et finguli miniftri noftri et heredum noftrorum quilibet videlicet ipforum quatenus ad ipfum ratione officii fui poterit pertinere in hujufmodi contravenientes penas exerceant antedidtas et quod illi quibus prifone ea occafione conwnitti contigerit ab eadem non deliberentur fine noftro et heredum noftrorum mandato fpecialL In cujus See. T. R. ut fupra.	►

Per ipfum Regern et confilium.

Statutum ne quis occajionetur pro reditu Petri de Gavejlon. FaSi. Anno

7 Edw. II.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

EDWARD per la grace de Dieu &c. as touz ceux qi ceftes lettres verrount ou orrount faluz.

Sachez qen noftre Parlement comence a Weftm’ le dymain prefehein apres le fefte de feint Matheu lapoftoil en lan du noftre regne feptifmc pur certeins et covenables enchefons purveu eft et graunte per nous Sc per Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbees Priours Countes et Barouns Sc toute la comunalte de noftre roialme illoeqes a noftre maundement aftemblez unement aflentuz & acorde qe nul de quele eftat ou con-

3	This is taken from the Vcterum Statutorum fccunda fart, and inferted in Mr. Serjeant Hawkins’s Edition.

4

dicion

A. D. 1315

* A fid a: therein wat fetid.'

8 Ed. 4. 13.

Cro. El. 753

12	Co. 29.

13	Co. 41.

Anno nono Edwardi II.

Cotton MS.

dicion qil foit en nulle temps avenrr foit chalenge pris nenprifone empefche molefte ne grev.e nen jugement ni. file per nous ne per autres a noftre feute lie a feute dautri qi qil foit en noftre Courte ne nul -part aillotirs pur enchefon de revenirde Monfieur Piers de Gavefton en Engleterre ne deide maintenaunce aerdaunce ne du counleil ne de refeeite de lui ne dalliaunce faite a lui ou pur lui per eferit ou autremcnt nc pur enchefon de demoerer en fa compaignie nen fervice en. nul temps pafte cea cn ariere. Et volons qe ceo graunt e acorde foit ferme Sc eftaldie en touz ces pointz Sc chefcun de eux foit tenuz Si gardez a perpetuite. En .lefmoignance de quele chofe nous avons faite fairc ceftes noz letres patentz. Don’ a Weftm’ le feptifme jour deNovcmbre lan de noftre P».egne feptifme.

Statutum ne quis occajionetur pro captions & Morte Petri de Gavefton.

Fact. Anno 7 Edw. II. Stat. 2.

Cotton - MS. Claudius, D. 2.

EDWARD par le grace de Dieu &c. A fes Juftices du Baunk faluz Sachent touz qe pur certeines Sc covcnables enchefons en noftre parlement a Weftm’ le lundy prefehein apres le fefte de feint Edward le Confefi'our ceft afl'avoir le quinze jour Do&obre lan de noftre regne feptifme purveu eft & graunte per nous Sc per Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbees Priours Countes Barouns Sc la cominalte de noftre roialme illoeqes a noftre maundement aflemblez unement afi'entuz Sc acordez qe nul de quele eftate ou con-dicion qil foit en temps avenir ne foit appellez ou chalengez pur lenchefon de la pris la detenue ne de la morte Piers de Gavefton ne pur mefme la morte ne foit pris nemprifonez empefehez moleftez ne grevez nen jugement mefnez per nous ne per autres a noftre feute ne a feme dautri qi qil foit en noftre Courte ne nulle part aillours et volons qe ce graunt Sc concord foit ferme Sc eftablie cn touz fes pointes & chefcun de eux foit tenuz Sc gardez aperpetuite Et puree nous maundons qe ceo graunt Si concord facez en le Baunk avantdit lire cnrouler Sc fermement gardcr aperpetuite ficome defuis eft dit.

Done a Weftm’ le xvj. jour Doiftobr’ lan de noftre regne avantdit.

De diverfis Libertatibus Clero conceffis.

Articuli Cleri, made at Lincoln, Anno 9 Edw. II. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dom. 1315.

THE King to all to whom, &c. fendeth Greeting. Underftand ye, That whereas of late Times of our Progenitors fometimes Kings of England, in divers their Parliaments, and likewife after that we had undertaken the Governance of the Realm, in our Parliaments many Articles containing divers Grievances (committed * againft the Church of England, the Prelates and Clergy) were propounded by the Prelates and Clerks of our Realm; and further, great Inftance was made that convenient Remedy might be provided therein : (z) And of late in our Parliament holden at Lincoln, the ninth Year of our Reign, we caufed the Articles underwitten, with certain Anfwers made to fome of them heretofore, to be rehearfed before our Council, and made certain Anfwers to be corrected ; and to the Refidue of the Articles underwritten, Anfwers were made by Us and our Council ; of which faid Articles, with the Anfwers of the fame, the Tenors here enfue.”

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. ?n. 34. D.

EX omnibus ad quos Sic. falutem. Sciatis quod cum dudum temporibus progenitorum noftrorum quondam Regum Anglie in diverfis parliamentis fuis et ftmiliter poftquam regni no-ftri gubernacula fufeepimus in parliamentis nofttis per prelatos Sc clerum regni noftri plures articuli continentes gravamina aliqua ecclefte Anglicane Sc ipfts prelatis Sc clero illata ut in eifdem alferebatur porrebti fuiffent Sc cum inftantia fupplicatum ut inde apponereturremediumopportunum ac nuperin parliamento noftro apud Lincoln’ anno regni noftri nono articulos fubferiptos & quafdam refponfiones : ad aliquos eorum prius fadtas coram confilio noftro I rccitari ac quafdam refponfiones corrigi Sc ceteris articulis fubferiptis per nog & diiftum confilium noftrum fecerinius refponderi quorum quidem ar-ticulorum Sc refponfionum tenores fubfequuntur in hunc modum.

C- A P. I.

No Prohibition flrall be granted where Tythes be demanded, where Money is paid for them.

“ TT'IRST, whereas Lay-men do purchafe Prohibi- "|N primis laici impetrant prohibitionem in genere tc P tions generally upon Tythes, Ubventions, Ob- J fuper dccimis “ lations, Aiortuaries, Redemption of Penance, vio-

_	_	obventionibus	oblationibus	mor-

tuariis redemptionibus penitentiarum violenta ma-3	nuum

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond. nuum injedtione in clericum vel converfum & in caufis diftamationis in quibus agitur ad penam ca-nonicam imponendam Rex ad iftum articulum re-fpondet quod in decimis oblationibus obventioni-bus mortuariis quando fuper iftis nominibus pro-ponuntur prohibition! regie non eft locus etiam ii propter detentionem iftorum diuturnam ad eftima-tionem earundem pecuniariam veniatur. Set ft clericus vel religiofus decimas fuas in orreo fuo con-gregatas vel alibi exiftentes veniliderit alicui pro pecunia ft petatur pecunia coram Judice ecclefia-llico locum hnbet prohibitio quia per venditionem res fpirituales fiunt tempcrales & tranfeunt decime in catalla.

44 lent laying Hands on Clerks or Converts, and in “ Cafes of Defamation, in which Cafes Spiritual Pe-44 nance ought to be enjoined;” (z) ‘ the King doth 4 anfwer to this Article, That in Tythes, Oblations,

4 Obventions, Mortuaries (when they are propounded 4 under thefe Names) the King’s Prohibition fhall hold 4 no Place, although for the long withholding of the ‘ fame the Money may be eftcemed at a Sum certain.

‘ (2) But if a Clerk or a religious Man do fell his 4 Tythes being gathered in his Barn, or otherwife, to 4 any Man for Money, if the Money be demanded be-‘ fore a fpiritual Judge, the King’s Prohibition fhall 4 lie; for by the Sale the fpiritual Goods are made^j^4^’ &c‘ 4 temporal, and the Tythes turned into Chatties.’ !«<■". 2. {$'5.

By 13 Ed. 3 .fiat. 3. c. 5. r.o Prohibition but ’inhere the King hath Cognizance, Sec farther 50 Ed. 3. c, 4. zH. 5. fat, I. c, 3*

CAP. 11.

Debate upon the Right of Tythes exceeding the Fourth Part. Enjoining Penance Corporal

or Pecuniary.

Y TEM ft fit contentio de jure decimarum origi-JL nem habens ex jure patronatus & earundem decimarum quantitas afeendat ad quartam partem bo-norum ecclefie locum habet regia prohibitio ft hec caufa coram ecclefiaftico Judice ventiletur. Item ft prelatus imponat penam pecuniariam alicui pro peccato & repetat illam regia prohibitio locum habet verumptamen ft prelati imponant penitentias corporaies & fic puniti velint hujuftnodi penitentias per pecuniam fponte redimere non habet locum regia prohibitio ft coram prelatis pecunia ab eis exigatur.

4 ALSO if Debate do arife upon the Right of 2loft.

4	Tythes,	having	his Original from the Right of

4 the Patronage, and the Quantity of the fame Tythes ‘ do come unto the fourth Part of the Goods of the 4 Church, the King’s Prohibition fhall hold Place, if 4 the .Caufe come before a Judge Spiritual. (2) Alfo 4 if a Prelate enjoin a Penance Pecuniary to a Man for 4 his Offence, and it be demanded, the King’s Prohi-4 bition fhall hold Place. (3) But if Prelates enjoin a 4 Penance Corporal, and they which be fo punifhed 4 will redeem upon their own Accord fuch Penances by 4 Money, if Money be demanded before a Judge Spi- r ,

4 ritual, the King’s Prohibition fhall hold no Place.’ Re’gilt/js.

CAP. III.

Laying violent Hands upon a Clerk. Excommunication for Penance Corporal.

INfuper ft aliquis violentas manus injecerit in clericum pro violata pace debet emenda fieri coram rege pro excommunicatione vero coram prelato ut imponatur penitentia corporalis quam ft reus velit fponte per pecuniam redimere dandam prelato vel lefo poteft repeti. coram prelato nec in talibus regia prohibitio locum habet.	.

C 1\/l Orcover, if any lay violent Hands on a Clerk, 51, 5?, 4 ■ I V J the Amends for the Peace broken fhall be be- 57.

4 fore the'King, and for the Excommunication before 4 a Prelate, that Penance Corporal may be enjoined ;

4 which if the Offender will redeem of his own good 4 Will, by giving Money to the Prelate, or to the 4 Party grieved, it fhall be required before the Prelate,

4 and the King’s Prohibition fhall not lie.’	2	Lift. S20.

CAP. IV.

Prelates may correct for Defamation.

IN diffimationibus etiam corrigant prelati fupra- 4 |N Defamations alfo Prelates fhall correct in Man- 4 Co. 20-. didto modo regia prohibitione non obftante 4 S ner abovefaid, the King’s Prohibition notwith- *	6:01

4 ftanding; * firjl jnjoyning a Penance corporal, which *■ ij the Offender will redeem, the Prelate may freely re- Raft..487,

4 cezve the Money, though the King's Prohibition he JhewedJ

CAP. V.

No Prohibition where Tithe is demanded of a new Mill.

ITEM ft aliquis in fundo fuo molendinum e-rexerit de novo h poltea a Restore loci exigatur decima de eodem exhibetur prohibitio regia fub hac forma £)uia de molendino tali haSienus decime non fuenmt jointe prohibemus ifc. et fenUntiam excommu-

44. A L S O if any do erect in his Ground a Mill of 2 Tn(t. 62,, 44 r\ new, and after the Parfon of the fame Place * Roll 405. 44 demandeth Tithe for the fame, the King’s Prohibi-2 Ro11 84-44 tion doth iffue in this Form : Quia de tali molendino 44 hadtenus decimse non fueruitt 1’olutte, prohibemus,

44 &c.

168 Slat, i

Anno nono Edwardi II

A. D. 1315.

&c. & fententiam excommunicaticmis, fi quam hac “ occafione promulgaveritis, revocetis omnino. (2) “ The Anfwer.” ‘ in fuch Cafe the King’s Prohibition ‘ was never granted by the King’s Affent, nor never ‘ fliall, which hath decreed that it fhall not hereafter s lie in fuch Cafes.’

Ex Rcrt, in Purr. Lond. nicationis fi quam hac occafione promulgaveritis revocetis omnino. Refponfo. In tali cafu nunquam exi-vit prohibitio de principis voluntate qui & decernit talem perpetuo non exire.

C A P. VI.

Where a Suit for one Offence may be profecuted both in Court Spiritual and Temporal.

4 Inft. 621.

* Read and.

•f- it (kail dean expedient, 4 Co. .16, 20.

“ A LSO if any Caufe or Matter, the Knowledge “ Jf\_ whereof belongeth to a Court Spiritual, and ci fliall be definitively determined before a Spiritual “ Judge, and doth pafs into a Judgement, and fliall not “ be lufpended by an Appeal ; and after, if upon the “ fame Thing a Queftion is moved before a Temporal “ Judge between the fame Parties, and it be proved by “ Witnefs or Inftruments, fuch an Exception is not “ tobeadmitted in a Temporal Court. fojTheAn-“ fiver.” ‘ When any one Cafe is debated before Jud-‘ ges Spiritual * or Temporal (as above appearetli up-‘ on the Cafe of laying violent Hands on a Clerk) it is ‘ thought, that notwith(landing the Spiritual Judge-‘ ment, the King’s Court fhall difeufs the fame Matter ‘ as f the Party Jhall think expedient for himfelf.’

CAP.

ITEM fi aliquacaufa vel negotium cujus cogni-tio fpe&at ad forum ecclefiafticum & coram ec-clefiaftico Judice fuerit fententialiter terminata & tranfierit in rem judicatam nec per appellationem fuerit fufpenfa et poftmodum coram judice feculari fuper eadem re inter eafdem perfonas queftio mo-veatur & probetur per teftes vel inftrumenta tabs exceptio in foro feculari non admittetur. Refponfo. Quando eadem caufa diverfis rationibus coram Ju-dicibus ecclefiafticis & fecularibus ventilatur ut fu-pra patet de injeftione violenta manuum in cle-ricum dicunt quod non obftante ecclefiaftico judi-cio Cur’ Regis ipfum tradlat negotium ut fibi ex-pedire videtur ecclefiaflico judicio non obflante.

VII.

In what only Cafe the King’s Letters fhall be Pent to difeharge an Excommunicate.

■Srcpgfeite. 12. “ LSO the King’s Letter directed unto Ordina-a/fi J3 tticb.z. “ f\ ries, (hat have wrapped thofe that be in Sub-■ff'p'r)}' ff “ jeflion unto them in the Sentence of Exeommunica-trinjn"Exei-L- “ tion, that they fhould affoil them by a certain Day, mufcfiujn for “ or elfe that they do appear, and fhew wherefore they executing the Sta- “ have excommunicated them. (2) The Anfwer.” lute of t>rc-u\Jon. <■ -j'he King decrccth, That hereafter no fuch Letters fa tied- ' he l’uffered to go fir rth, but in cafe where it is Execution of tie ‘ found that the King’s Liberty is prejudiced by the X'rit f Exco-.n- ‘ Excommunication.’

municaty capier.d.

Regift. 65.	r1	A P

% In ft. 622.	^	r-

ITEM littera regia ordinariis dirigitur qui ali-quos fuos fubditos excommunicationis vinculo innodarunt quod eos abfolvant infra certum diem alioquin quod compareant refponfuri quare eos ex-communicaverunt. Refponfo. Rex decernit quod talis littera nunquam exire impofterum permittatur nifi in cafu quo poffet inveniri ledi per excommu-nicationem regiam libertatem.

VIII.

Clerks in the King’s Service fhall be difeharged of their Refidence, but fliall be corre&ed by

the Ordinary.

\

•s. In ft. 6^23. Privilege of the

Exchequer,

Regift. 58.

•“ A LSO Barons of the King’s Exchequer claiming “ / V. hy their Privilege, that they ought to make ■“ Anfwer to no Complainant out of the fame Place, “ extend the (lime Privilege unto Clerks abiding there, “ called to Orders or unto Refidence, and inhibit Or-“ dinaries that by no Means, or for any Caufe, fo long ie as they be in the Exchequer, or in the King’s Ser-“ vice, they fhall not call them to Judgment. (2) The ■“ Anfwer,.” ‘ It pleafeth our Lord the King, That ‘ fuch Clerks as attend in his Service, if they offend, ‘ fhall be corre.dl hy their Ordinaries, like as other; ‘ but fo long as they are occupied about the Exchequer, ‘ they fliall not be bound to keep Refidence in their 4 Churches.” (3) “ This is added of new by the King’s Council.” ‘ The King and his Anceftors ‘ fince Time out of Mind have ufed, That' Clerks, ‘ which are employed in his Service, during fuch Time ‘ as they are in Service, fliall not be compelled to keep ‘ Refidence at their Benefices. (4) And fuch Things ‘ as be thought neceffary for the King and the Com-‘ monwealth, ought not to be faid to be prejudicial to the Liberty of the Church.’

ITEM Barones de Scaccario domini Regis ven-dicantes fibi ex privilegio quod non debent extra ilium locum conquerenti cuiquam refpondere extendunt illud privilegium ad clericos commo-rantes ibidem vocatos ad ordines feu ad refidentiam et diocefanis inhibent ne aliquo modo aliquave ex caufa dum font in Scaccario & in fervitio domini Regis trabant ad judicium quovis modo. Refponfo. Placet domino Regi ut clerici fois obfequiis intendentes fl delinquant per ordinarios ut ceteri corrigantur fet tempore quo occupantur circa Scac-carium ad refidentiam in fois faciend’ ecclefiis non tenentur. Hie additur fc d; novo per conflium domini Regis. Rex et anteceffores foi a tempore cujus contrarii memoria non exiftit ufi font quod clerici fois immorantes obfequiis dum obfequiis illis intendunt ad refidentiam in fois beneficiis faciend’ minime compellantur nec debet dici tendere in pre-judicium ecclefiaftice libertatis quod pro Rege & republica neceffarium invenitur.

CAP.

A.D. 1311.5'.

Anno nano Edwardi IT*

Stat. tl 169

r

,	,	'; c a p. ix.

•	•	»	:	■	**	v	j	G."	.If!!	t	.

Diftrefies fhall-not be taken in the Highways, nor in the ancient Fees of the Church.'

J ) f.T

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.	J	X

ITEM miniftri domini Regis ut vicecomites & alii ingrediuntur feodum ecdefie addiftridftones faciend’ & aliquando capiunt animalia Redtorum in via regia quando non ffiabent nifi terrain pertinen-tem ad ecclefiam. Refponfio. Placet'domino regi ne decetero diftridliones fiant hujufmodi riec in via regia nec in feodis quibuS olim. eeclefie funt.dotate vult tamCn diftridliones fieri inpoffeffionibuS de no-vo a perfonis ecclefiafticis adqiiifitis.

“ A LS O the King’s Officers, as.Sheriffs and other, i Inft> 6 “ l\. do enter into the 'Fees'of- the Church to take “	’	’’

u Diftrefies, andfometime they take the Parfon’s Beafts “ in the King’s Highway, where they have nothing •

“ but the Land belonging to the Church.” (2) The Anfvjer. * The Kind’s Pleafure is, That from hence--• forth fach Diftrefies fhall neither be taken in the ■ King’s Highway, nor in the Fees-wherewith Churches ‘ in Times paft have been indowed; neverthelefs he ‘ willeth Diftrefies to be taken in Poffeffions of the ‘ -Church-newly, purchafed by Ecclefiaftical Perfons.’

5211.3.

Regift. 9S

c. 15.

iS:

CAP. X.

They that abjure the Realm fhall be in Peaee, fo long as they be in the Church or Highway.

ITEM quandoqtie'aliqui corifugientes ’ad"ecclefiam abjurant terrain fecundum regni confuetu-dinem & profequuntur laici eos vel inimici eorum & a publica ftrata abftrahuntur & fufpenduntur vel ftatim decapitantur & dum funt ill ecclefia cufto -diuntur per armatos infra cimiterium. '& q'uandoque infra ecclefiam ita ardte. quod'non poffunt ex'ire locum facrum caufa fupcrfiui ponderis'deponendi ;nec permittitur eis neceilariavidtui miniftrari. Refponfio.

Qiii terram abjurarunt dum funt in ftrata publica funt ini pace regis jqecdefient. ab.aliquo mpleftari et dum funt in ecclefia cuftodes eorum nbn debent morari infra cimiterium nifi neccffitas vel evafionis peficulum hoc requirat * Nec' nreentur confugi dum funt in ecclefia quin poffint habere Vite necef-faria &exire liberepro obfeenopondere deponendo.

Placet etiam domino Regi ut latrones appellatoresl quandocumque voluerint poffint facerdotibus fua facinora confiteri fet caveant-confefiores ne erronec hujufmodi appellatores informent.

ALSO where fome flying unto the Church, ab-alnft. 62S.

jure the Realm, according to. the Cuftom of the Realm, and Lay-men' or their Enemies do pur-fue them, and pluck them from the King’s Highway, and they are hanged or headed; and whilft they be in the Church, are kept in the Church-yard with armed Men, and fometime in the Church,' fo ftrait-ly, that they cannot depart froth the hallowed Ground to empty their Belly, and cannot be fuffered to have Neceflaries brought unto them for their Living.” (2) "The Anfvjer. ‘ They that abjure the Realm, fo long- as they be . in the Common "Way, fhall be in the King’s Peace, nor ought to be difturbr fe'd of any Man; a'nd when 'they be "in the Church., their Keepers ought not to abide in the Church-yard, except Neceffity or Peril of Efcape do require fo.

{-3)/And fo long as they be in the Church, they fhall Repealed by not be compelled to flee away, but they fhall have 1 Jac- *• Neceflaries. for their Living, and may go forth to empty their Belly. (4) And the King’s Pleafure is, that Thieves or 'Appellors (whenfoeVer they will) may eonfefs their Offences unto Priefts; but let the „T r3C r c 2g Confeffors beware that they do not erroneoufly inform rjfaway j/i fuch Appellors.’	San&uaries

. •	ivt. oturner.

CAP. XI.

Religious Houfes Hull not be charged by Compu'lfion with Corodies, Penfions, Refcrt, or

taking of their Horfes or Carts.

IT EM petitur quod dominusRex & regni Magnates non onerent domos religiofas vel ecclefi-afticas perfonas pro corrodiis penfionibus vel pre-hendinationibus faciendis in domibus religiofis & aliis locis ecclefiafticis carediis & equis fibi mitten-dis cum per hoc predidte domus depauperentur cul-tufque divinus in hac parte-diminuatur et propter hujufmodi onera compelluntur fepiffime prefbyteri & alii miniftri ecclefiaftici divinis officiis deputati a locis recedere fupradidtis. Refponfio. Placet domino Regi quod fuper contends in petitione decetero indebite non onerentur. Et fi per magnates aut alios contra fiat habeant inde remedium juxta for-mam ftatutorum tempore domini E, Regis patris V 0L1 I,

“ A LS O it is defired that our Lord the King, and % inft. G-g, “ jt\. the Great Men of the Realm do not charge “ Religious Houfes, or Spiritual'Perfons, for Corodies,

“ Penfions, or fojourning ill Religious Houfes, and “ other Places of the Church, , or with taking up Horfe “ or Carts, whereby fuch Houfes are impoverifhed,

“ and God’s Service diminifhed, and, by reafon of “ fuch Charges, Priefts, and other Minifters of the “ Church deputed unto Divine Service, are oftentimes tc compelled to depart from the Places aforefa'id.” .(2) .

The Anfvjer. ‘ The’King’s Pleafure is,-That upon the .

‘ Contents in their Petition, from • henceforth tjiey ‘ fhall not be unduly charged. (3) And if the con-3Ed. x. c. x. ‘ trary be done by great Men or other, they fhall have ‘ Remedy after the Form of the Statutes made in the 5 Time of King Edward, Father to the King “that Z	‘	now

Stat. i

2 Inft. 630,

Anno nono.Edwardi II.	A.D.	1315.

*	now is. And like Remedy fhail be done for .Coro-

*	dies and Penfions exafted by Compuliion, whereof

4 no Mention is made in the Statutes.’3 r- f, j -• _	.	.,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

■Regis nunc editorum. Et fiat confimile remedium de corrodiis & pehfionibus per coertionem exadlis de quibuS non. fit mentioin-ftatutis.'	*

CAP. XII.

A Clerk excommunicate may be taken out of the Parifh where he dwelleth.

44	\ LSO if any of the King’s Tenure be called

44 /% before their O.rdinaries out of the Parifh where “ they continue, if they be excommunicate for their 44 manifeft Contumacy, and after Korty Days a’Writ “ goetb out to take them, they pretend their Privilege, “ that they ought not to be cited out of the Town and 44 Parifh where their Dwelling is; and fo the King’s “ Writ that went out for to take them is .denied.” (2) 'The AnfvJer. ‘ it was never yet denied, nor fhail 4 be hereafter.’

ITEMli aliqui de tenura domini Regis vocati coram ordinariis.extra parochiam in qua degunt fi propter- fuam mai.i'ifeftam. contumaciam excom-municentur ac pofi quadraginta dies pro eorum cap-tione feribatur pretendunt fe privilegiatos quod extra villam feu parochiam fuam non debent vqcari.ec lie denegatur breve regium pro capdone eorundem. Refptmfio. Numquam fuit negatutn nec negabicur in futurum.

2 in ft. 631.

rjMod. J35.

jRejift. 53.

CAP. XIII.

The Examination of ,a Parfon preiented to a Benefice .belongeth to a Spiritual, Judge. T	-

“ A L S O it is defired that.Spiritual Perfons, whom “ ii our Lord the King doth prefent unto Benefices “ of the Church (if the Bifhop.will not admit them “ either for lack of Learning, or for other Caufe rea-44 fonable) may not be under the Examination of Lay 44 Perfons in the Cafes aforefaid, as it is now attempt-“ ed, contrary to the Decrees Canonical, but that they 44 may fue unto a Spiritual Judge for Remedy, as Right “ fhail require,” (2) Tbe Jtijwer. 4 Of the Ability 4 of a Parfon prefented unto a Benefice of the Church 4 the Examination belongeth to a Spiritual Judge ; and 4 fo it hath been ufed heretofore, and fhail be hereaf-4 ter.’

ITEM petitur quod perfone ecclefiaftice quas dominus Rex ad beneficia prefeiitat’Wclefiafuca ii. Epifcopus eas non admittat ut puta'propter de-feflum' feienti? vel aliam'caufam fationabilem hon fubeant examinationem laicarum perfolrarum in ca-fibus antedidlis prout hiis temppribiis attehipthtur de fa£to contra canonicas fanAiones fet adearit Ju-dicem ecelefiafticum ad quern de'jure'pertinet'pro remedio prout juftum fuerit confequendo. Re-fbonfio.' "De idoneitate perfone prefentate ad bene-ficium ecelefiafticum pertinet examinatio ad Judi-cem ecclefiafticum & - ita eft haflenils ufitatum Si fiet in.futurum.

*	.... j. -

ft j:.' "

' rr	.	.

C A P. XIV.

There fhail be free Election of Dignities of the Church.

slnft, 632.

5 Ed. 1► c. 5.

“ A LSO if any Dignity be vacant, where El e 61 r on 44 J~\ is to be made, it is moved that the Electors 44 may freely make their Eledion without Fear of any 44 Power Temporal, and that all Prayers and Oppref-44 ftons fnall in this Behalf ccafe.” (2) The Anjiuer. 4 They fhail be made free according to the Form of 4 Statutes and Ordinances.’

ITEM fi vacet aliqua dignitas ubi eleeftio eft fa-cienda petitur quod eledtores libere poflint eli-eere abfque incuflione timoris a quacumque pote-ttate feculari & quod ceffent preces & oppreffiones in hac parte. Refpoiifto. Fiant libere juxta for-mam ftatutorum & orainationum.



CAP. XV.

A Clerk fleeing into the Church for Felony, fhail not be compelled to abjure. .

44 /jOreover, though a Clerk ought not to be “ lVJ. judged before a Temporal judge, nor any 44 Thing may be done againft him that concerneth 44 Life or Member; neverthelefs Temporal Judges 44 caufe that Clerks fleeing unto the Church, and par-44 adventure confeffing their Offences, do abjure the 44 Realm, and for the fame Caufe admit their Abjura-44 tions, although hereupon they cannot be their Judges, 44 and fo Power is wrongfully given to Lay Perfons to 44 put to Death fuch Clerks, if fuch Perfons chance to 44 be found within the Realm after their Abjuration; 44 the Prelates and Clergy defire fuch Remedy to be 44 provided herein, that the Immunity or Privilege of j“ the Church and Spiritual Perfons may be faved and

ITEM licet clericus coram feculari Judice judi-, cari non debeat nec aliquid contra ipfum fieri per quod ad periculum mortis vel mutilationem merhbri valeat proveniri feculares tamen judices clericos ad ecclefiam confugientes &reatus fuosforte confitentes faciunt abjurare regnum & eorum abju-rationem admittunt ex ilia caufa quamquam eorum judices fuper hiis non exiftant ficqiie datur laicia indirefte poteftas hujufmodi clericos trucidandi fi ipfos poft hujufmodi abjurationem in regno conti-gerit inveniri fuper quo p'etunt prclr.ti & clerus tale remedium adhiberi ut immunitas ecclcfic h ecclefi-afticarum perfbnarum confervetur illefa. Rcfponjio Clericus pro felonia fugiens ad ecclefiam pro im-.	•	ii	■’	muijitato

A. D. 1315*

Anno nono Edwardi II.

Stat. r. 171'

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond. miunitate ecclefiaftica optinend’ f[ aflerit fe efle cle-ricum:'r;egmirn non compellitur abjurare fet legL regni fe reddens gaudebit ecclefiaftica libertate juxta laudabilcm confuetudinem regni hadtenus ufitatam.

s :

“ unbroken.” (2) The Anfwer. ‘ A Clerk fleeing to *■ the Church for Felony, to obtain the Privilege of the'

*- Church, if he affirm himfelf to be a Clerk, he fhall ‘ not be compelled to abjure the Realm; but yielding ‘ himfelf to the Law of the Realm, fhall enjoy the ‘ Privilege of the Church, according to the laudable _ , „ „

‘ Cuftom of the Realm heretofore ufed.’	Jbjurers hpetty

1Trcafon Jhall not lave Clergyt See 1 Jac. i. c. 25. and 21 Jac. I. c. 28. ’which taka away all SanEiuarit:*

*!

C A

• 1 i

P. XVI.

The privilege of the Church being demanded by the Ordinary, fhall not be denied to a Clerk

that hath confeffed Felony.

IT.EM quamquam confeffio coram illo qui non eft judex conntentis non teneat nec fufficiat ad faciendum procelfum vel fententiam proferendam quidam tamen feculares judices clericos quide foro kio in hac parte non exiftunt reatus proprios & cnormes ut puta furta roberias & homicidia coratri eis.cor.fitentes admittuiit ad-accufationem aliorum quam ipficommuniter vocant appellum ipfofque fic confitentes accufantes feu appellum facientes non liberant prelatis eorum poll: premifla quanquam fuper hiis fuerint fufficienter requifiti licet coram eis etiam per confeffionem propriam judicari vel condempnari nequeant abfquc violatione ecclefi-aftice libertatis. Rejponfio. Appellatori in . forma1 debita tanquam clerico per ordinarium petite liber— tatis eccleiiaftice beneficium non negatur. Nos defiderantes ftatui ecclefie Anglicane & tranquil-litati & quieti prelatorum & cleri predidlorum

Suatenus de jure poterimus providere ad honorem >ei& emendationem flatus difte ecclefie & prelato-nim & cleri predidiorum omnes & fingulas refpori-iioncs prcdidlas ac omnia & fmgula in eifdem re-fponfionibus contenta ratificantes &approbantes ea pro nobis & heredibus noftris concedimus & pre-cipimus imperpetuum inviolabiliter obfervari vio-lentes St. concedentes pro nobis & hcredibus noftris quod predidti prclati &''clems & eorum fucceflbres imperpetuum in premiffis jurifdicdionem ecclefiafti-cam exerceant juxta tenorem refponfionum predic-tarum abfque occafione inquietatione vel impedi-mento noftri vel heredum noftrorum feu miniftro-rum noftrorum quorumcumque. In cujus &c. T. R. apud Ebor’ xxiiij. die Novembx’ anno regni Regis E.'fib-Regis E. dccimo.

Per ipfum Rcgem & confilium.

f	;	■	1! ;u To 1 .h

T -tff • i, tf '

ALSO notwithftanding that a Confeffion made 2 lull. 637.

before him that is not lawful Judge thereof, is not-fufficient whereon Procefs may be awarded,- or Sentence given ; yet fome Temporal Judges (though they have been inftantly deftred thereto) do not deliver- to their Ordinaries, according to the Premifles, fuch Clerks as confefs before them their heinous Offences, as Theft, Robbery, and Murther, but admit their Accufation, which commonly they call an.

Appeal, albeit to this Refpedt they be not of their Court, nor can be judged or condemned before them upon their own Confeffion, without breaking of the Church’s Privilege.”, (z) The Anfwer. ‘ The Privilege of the Church, being: demanded in due Form by the Ordinary, fhall not; be denied unto the Ap-pealour, as to a Clerk. (1) We defiring to provide , for the State of holy Church of England, and for the Tranquillity and Quiet of the Prelates and Clergy aforefaid, as far forth , as we may lawfully do, to the.

Honour of God,' and Emendation of the Church,

Prelates and Clergy of the fame; ratifying, confirming, and approving all and every of the Articles aforefaid, with all and-every of .the, Anfwers made and contained in the fame, do' grant and command them to be kept firmly, and obferved for ever ; (4) willing and granting for us and our Heirs, that the	>-

forefaid Prelates and Clergy, and their Succeflors, fhall ufe, execute, and pradiife forever the Jurifdic-ti'on of the Church in the Premifles, after the Tenour oft the Anfwers aforefaid,-without Quarrel, Inquiet-ing, or Vexation of us or of our Heirs,- or any of our Officers whatfoever they be. T. R. at York, the xxiv. Day of November, in the Tenth Year of the See 28 H. S. c. t. Reign of King Edward', the Son of King Ed- ly which Pcrfmt

WARD.’	in	holy	Or	den	are

*' i‘n c	•!	to	he	puni/bed	0}

, :<• v . ♦	"	i i) . c..	>	-	'•	'	>	••	others.

T’he Statute of ■ Sheriffs, •maik:.ati Lincoln Anno cjEdw, W. Siat. 2. and

' Anno Dom. 1315.

Sheriffs fhall be affigned by the Chancellor, isle. A Sheriff mult have fufficient in the fame County, and not be Bailiff, &c. to any. Bailiffs of Hundreds fhall have fufficient in the fame Shire.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 3Z.

POR ce qe noftre feignur le Roi Edward fiz le Roi Edward,a fon parlement a Nicole a la quinzeme de la feint Hiller lan de fon regne neuf par demonftraunce des Prelatz Contes Barons & autres grantz du Roiaume fomuns

“ YJ'Orafmuch as our Lord King Edward, Son to tc M King Edward, at his Parliament holden at “ *■ Lincoln in quindena Hilarii, in the Ninth Year “ of his Reign, by the Information of his Prelates, “ Earls, Barons, and other great Men of the Realm, Z 2	“	being

1^2' Slat. 2.

Who fhnll afllgn Shevifi'f.

28 Ed; i. flat. 3. r. S &?■ 13.

By 34 Ed. 3. ffat. 1. c. 7. Sberffi f^all ccn-t'tr.uc in bis Office Itit one Tear, Who /hall be Sheriffs, and of what Eft ate. they ihairbe.

4. Ed. 3. c. 9.

5 Ed. 3. c.4.

33 e? 14 Car. 2. c. 21.

Who /ha’l have the keeping of Hundreds. Rrgift. 17S.

2 Ed. 3. c. 4. icticb confirms this Statute,

Ey whom Execution of Writs ihall be done.

33 Ed. 1, flat. 1. c. 39,

Anno nono. EdwardtII.	A.	D.	1315*

being fummoned to the fame Parliament, and alfo by ‘‘ the-grievous Corhplaint-of the: People, did perceive'

gteaLDamagerto be done to him, and great Opprel-“■ fionsandEfiftierifancesto his People, by reafchrun-“ fufficient!Sheriffs and Hundreders have been before' “ this Time, and yet be in the Realm ;” (2 j our Lord' ‘ the King, intending to efehew fuch evil Oppreffions ‘ and Difiieritan.ces by the Affent of the Prelates, Earls,

‘ Barons, and other great Eftates aforefaid, hath or-‘ dainedand eftabliihed in the faid Parliament,,. That[ ‘ the Sheriffs from henceforth fhall be affitmed by the c;'GHanoelIor,. -Trre.ai’urer,;':Bardnsr of the’Excheqner,' ‘ and by the Juftices; (3) and in the Abfence of the ‘ Chancellor, by the Treafurer, Baron’s,- and Juftices. .* (4.) And-that none fhall be Sheriff, except , he have ‘ fufficient Land'within the fame Shire where he fhalh ‘ be Sheriff,, to-anfwer the King and,his.People. .(-yR ‘ And-that hone?.that iySteward or BaJhjff to- a .great* ‘_Lord fhall be' made Sheriff, except he.be out of Ser-> ‘ vice, ,.fo that he may attend to execute the Office of a> l'_ Sheriff^ for? the: King and- his,People. (6)' And - in? ‘ litre Manner it is-agreed and effablifhed, that-Hun-‘ dreds, whether they belong to the King, or to other,

‘ fhall be kept by convenient and able Perfpns, that ‘ have fufficient Land.within the fame Hundredor Shire ‘[.where’, the Hundred • is ;ri.arid; that the. fShw^lor,-‘ Treafurer,> Barons,-, and:juftices fhall do, and affign ‘ in Mariner, aforefaid, without having other Regard. •> ‘ (7) And if any Sheriffs or Hundreders be infufficientj ‘ at this Tirrie,: they.fhall b? removed,', and other more-‘’convenient put’in their Rooms. (8) And that fuch -

*	Hundreds be. leafed and bailed to fuch Perfons for a ‘ reafonable Rent, fo that they need not to ufe Ex-‘ tortion upon the People by reafon of too outragious ‘ ’ Ferm; (g) and that no Sheriff nor Hundreder fhall ‘ leafe his Office to any other in Perm or otherwife. (10)-‘ And that the-Execution of-Writs that come’ to the-‘ Sheriffs, fhalfhe done by the Hundreders' fworn and

‘ known in the full County, and not by other, if it be-‘ not the open Default or notorious Disturbance of the

*	Hundreders; and then Execution fhall be done by ‘‘other Perfons meet and fworn, fo that the People may

*	know to . whom to fue fuch Executions?; faying al-

*	ways the Returns of Writs to; them that have, them,

or ought to,have them,’	<	,	-	'	5

'■	1-.	A	-	’	"	.1	•'	•	■	s

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. a cel parle’ment & par greveufes pleintes del poepltf entendi grantz damages eftre faitz a lui & trap1 griefs oppreffions Sc defheritaunces a- fon poeple par La refon qe meins fuffifant-z vifeontes & gardeins-des hundreds ont efte avant ces houres & uncore Tont en dit roiaume noftre feignur le Roi voillant efeheure ceux maux oppreffions Sc defheritances del affent des Prelatz Contes Barons Sc les grantz avant-ditz en fon dit parlement purvit & eftabli qe Vif-confes deforemes foient mis par le Chancellier le Treforer Sc les Barons del lefeheqer Sc par les Juf-’tices.&r erf abfence.'dei.Ghauncelliet p2r-le-Treforer Barons & Juftices. Et qe nul ne foit vifeonte fiL neit terre fuffifaument en meifme la contee ou il . ferm vifeonte-por refgrondre au-Roi &• au poeple. Et qe nul qe foit- fenefebab ou bail]if- de grant, feig-nur feit foit vifeonte fil fie ofte de autre-fervifeMes: tiel le feit-qe de tut puife entendre aboffice de vif-: qonte faire purbe Roi & pur-.le poeple Si qe Chaun-cellier Treforer Barpns?& Juftices facent.& mettent en la manere avantdite fanz autre regard aver. En. meifme la manere eft accorde & eftabli qe les hun-dredz le quel qil foient au Roi ou as autres foient gardez par gentz eovenables eantz terre fuffifaument en meifme le hundred ou en le Countee. ou. le handr’ferra. : Et ft afeuns vifeountes ou hundreders foient a ceo meins fuffilantz: foint tantoffc remuetz & autres eovenables mis en la forme avantdite. "Et qe les hundredz foient lefl’ez & bailletz a tieux gentz a renable poer iffint qil ne coveignepas qib facent extorfton fur le poeple pur trop utrage-oufe ferme & qe nul V-ifconte ne Hundredor ne bailie a autre fon office agarder a ferme ne en autre ■ manere. Rt qe les execucions des briefs qe ven-droint as vifeontes foient faites par les hundreders conus & juretz eri plein contee & nemie par autres fil ne foit en grant defaute ou notoire deftorbance des hundredofs et adonqes foient faites par autres-coyenables Sc juretz. iffint qe le people puifte faver a qi feure tieles execuciones fauve touzjours retora des brefs.a,ceus qe les ont &:averdevient,	?

REXvic’Ebor’falutem. Mittimus tibi quoddam ftatutum in parliamento noftro apud.Lincoln’editum

de forma conftitueridi vicecomites'& ballivos hundredorum & de aliis articulis in eodem ftatuto con-tentis figillo noftro confignatum precipientes quod ftatutum illud in pleno comitatu tuo legi publicari & in omnibus articulis fuis quantum ad te pertinet firmiter Sc inviolabiliter facias obfervari. T. Rege apud Lincoln’ xx. die Febr’ anno See. nono.

Confimiles litere diriguntur ftngulis vicecomitilus per Angliam. -	.	•	" .

Et fait ‘a remember que meifme leftatuifn feeilfouz le grant feal id maunde as treforer id barons del efcbikicrid ■nuxint as juftices de hm bank & de lautre de fermement garder. en tuz.fes pointz.

b;;	\	ri-

ii. "'I.. 1.11 1 l ) Au'M ■

3

.1

f'"

cl! ->

I. .

'!	1	\	> r,u . :	:	.1

/ :!i io /nlv; n. >j

!

Tbr

I .	JI/J;|	1 f .1 w <	'

173

The Statute of Gavelet, made at London, Anno 10 Edvv. II. a?id Anno

■ r.1 Dom: 11316.

The Lords of Rents in ’London may recover them by a Writ of. Gavelett and in Default, thereof

the Lands in Demefne.

Cotton AtS. Claudius, D. 2.	-	•„

PROVISUM eft per deminum Regem .& Ju-fticiarios fuos & Civibus London’, coneeflum eft quod fi Arcftiepifcopi, Epiicbpi ■ Abbates. Priotes Comites Barones Sc Alii qui habent redditus in Civitate London’ in aliquibus tenementis & redditus illi aretro fuerint nee redditus illos pofluntre-cuperare quod bene liceat eis diftringere tenentes fuos pro arreragiis luis quamdiu aliquid inveniatur in feodo per quod diftringere poffunta:Cum ipfi'te-nentes implacitentur de Gavelet per quoddambreve deconfuetudinibus & ferviciisquod-bene poteft fieri per Sokereuns eorundem in huftengo prefentatos ad cuftodiend’ Sok’ fue ad redditus fuos colligend’ ita quod tenentes fui cognoverunt fervicia fua ftatim St, fine difficultate fatisfaciant dominis fuis de arreragiis fuis Si autein fervitia fua denegaverint pete'ntes no-minabunt ftatim feCfam fuam feilt’ duos teftes & abreviabuntur & habebunt diem, ad producendum eos ad proximum Huftingum ad quern diem ft ipfos teftes produxerint & per eos in plena Curia often-datur ut de pleno vifu et.auditu quod ipfi conque-rentes aliquando perceperint redditus -quos petunt de tenementis tunc ipfi tenentes amittant feoda per judicia Curie & querentes recuperabunt tenementa fua in dominico ft autem ut predidlum eft cognove-rint dominis fuis fervitia & fuper arreragiis tunc ad judicium difte Curie duplicabunt arreragia Scdabunt vie’ pro injufta detentione ft ad hoc fufficiant abfque gravamine C. s. ft autem poft debitam fummoni-tionem ad Huftengum non venerint tunc feoda ilia in pleno Huftengo liberabuntur conquerenti tenen-da in manibus fuis per unum annum Sc unum diem ad quern terminum ft tenentes venerint ad eos & optulerint eis fatisfacere de arreragiis fuis duplican-dis et vie’ de miffa fua ut predictam eft tunc reha-bebunt tenementa fua fin autem poft annum Sc diem completum remanebunt tenementa ilia dominis feodorum illorum per judicium ejufdem Curie in dominico fuo imperpetuum.

Ettunc vocantur tenementa ilia forfeelet eo quod imperpetuum remanebunt in dominico dominis feodorum illorum pro defeCtu.

Idem tamen eft obfervand’ ft tenentes cognofcant arreragia fua Sc non poffunt inde fatisfacere ficut prediCtum eft.

1 |T is-provided by.qur Lord the King and his Juf-‘ I tices, and alfo granted, unto the Citizens .of Lsn-‘ ^ d'oh, That Arcbifhops, Bilhops1, Abbots-, Priors, c Earls, Barons, and other that have Rents in Lcrf(lon,

‘ ,and for fome Tenements the.Rents, are -behind, and-‘ cannot recover thofe Rents, that it fhall- be lawful c for them to diftrain their Tenants for, their Arrerages,

‘ fo long as any Thing is found in the Fee, whereby ‘ they may be, diftrained ; (2) and if they have nothing £ in the Fee, whereby they may be diftiained, then the

*	Tenants fhall be; impleaded by a Writ of Gavelet of ‘ Cuftoms and Services;’which may be well doneby

‘ the Freemen of their City prefented in their Huftings, ■ ‘ for the keeping of their Suit, to gather their Rents; c fo that if the Tenants do. acknowledge their Services, they fhall prefently and without Delay fatisfy

*	their Lords of their Arrerages. (3) And if they de— ‘ ny them their Services, the Demandants fhall im—

‘ mediately name two Witncfies, whofe. Names fhall-‘ be inrolled, and fhall, have Day to bring them forth ‘ at the next Huftings; (4) at which Day if they brrn.g ‘ forth Witnefles, and it. is fliewed by them in the full

‘ Court of their own Sight and Hearing, that the fame

*	Plaintiffs have any Time received the Rents which-‘ they demand of the Tenements, then the Tenants-’

‘ fhall leefe their Fees by award of the Court, and the ‘ Plaintiffs fhall recover their Tenements in Demean.

(3) If they will not acknowledge the Services unto ‘ their Lords, as, before is faid, and likewife the Ar-‘ rerages, then the Arrerages by Judgement of the ,* Court fhall be doubled, and they fhall give to tb&> ‘ Sheriff for the wrongful withholding (if they be-

*	worth fo much) C. si without any Difficulty; (6)-‘ and if they do not come in after due Summons in the c Huftings, then the fame Fees fhall be delivered unto ‘ the Plaintiffs in the full Huftings, to be holden in

*	their own Hands for one Year and a Day'; (7) within-

*	which Time if the Tenants do come unto them, and ‘ do offer to fatisfy them of the Arrerages double, and-

*	to the Sheriff for his Amerciament, as before is faid,.. 1 then they fhall have their Tenements again. (8)

‘ But if it be after one Year and a Day accomplifhed-c fuch Tenements fhall remain unto the Lords of thofe ‘ Fees by Judgement of the Court in their Demean for ‘ever; (9) and then fuch Lands fhall be called Fcrf-‘ choke, becaufe fuch Tenements fhall remain for. ever-‘ in demean to the Lords of the Fees for Default of the-' ‘ Service. (10) The fame Ordinance fhall be kept ‘ and obferved if the Tenants do knowledge the Ar-‘ rerages, and be not able to make Satisfaction there-‘ fore, as it is faid before.’

t___ f Si autein nichil inveniatur in feodo per quod pc flint diflringi Tunc ipfi tenentes implacitentur, & c. In alio MS(

t

.. >

■ - i

ne



3 7*

Stat. f.

Anno duodecimo Edwardi II.

A. D. 1318.

The Statute of York, made the 'Twentieth of October, Anno 12 Ed w. II.

Stat. 1. and Anno Dom. 1318.

4C

FORASMUCH as divers People of the Realm of England and Ireland have heretofore many Times fuffered great Mifchiefs, Damages, and Difherifons, by Reafon that in fome Cafes where the Law failed, no Remedy was ordained ; (2) and alfo forafmuch as fome Points of the Statutes heretofore made had Need of Expofition : (3) Our Lord King Edward, Soil to King Edward, defiring that full Right be done to his People, at his Parliament holden at York, the third Week after the Feaft of Saint Michael, the Twelfth Year of his Reign, by the Alfent of the.Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of his Realm there afiembled, hath made thefe AAs and Statutes here following, the which he willeth to be ftraitly obfervedin his faid Realm and Land.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 32;

UR ceo qe plufurs gentz du Roialme dEn-gleterre & de la terre dlrlaunde unt einz ces houres foventefeth foffert mefchefs .& defhe-ritefons par encbeifon de ceo qe en afcun cas ou defaute de lei fuft remedie ne full ordene &auflint pur ceo qe afcuns pointz des eftatutz avant faitz avoient meftier defclariflement Noftre Seignour le Roi Edward fiz au Roi Edward defiraunt ple-nere dreit eftre faite a foil poeple a fon parlement a Everewyk as tres fimeignes de feint Michel lan de fon regne dufzifme par alfent des Prelatz Countes Barons & la communaute de fon reaume illoeqs af-femblez fift-les eftabliffementz & les eftatutz qe -fenfuent les queus il veut qe en le dit roialme Si en la dite terre foient fermement tenutz.

CAP.I.

Tenants in Affife of Novel dijfeifm may make Atturnies.

Pleading by Bailiffs.

ATRST, for divers Mifchiefs that have been help caufe Tenants in Aftife of Novel dijfcijin might “ not make Atturnies heretofore:” ‘ (2) it is agreed ‘ that the Tenants in Affife of Novel dijfeifin from ‘ henceforth may make Atturnies. (3) Yet the King ‘ intendeth not hereby that the Tenants and Defen-‘ dants in Aflifes of Novel Dijfeifm fhould not plead by ‘ Bailiffs, if they will, as they have ufcd to do hereto-‘ fore.’



N primes pur diverfes mefchefs qe unt eftez de

____ ceo qe les tenantz enaiftfes.de Novele difleifine

ne poeint avant ces houres fere attorne Accorde eft qe les tenantz en brefs de Novele difleifine defore puiffent fere attornez. Et nentent mie le Roi par tant qe les tenantz & les defendants en aflifes de Novele difleifine ne puiflent pleder par baillif com avant foleient fil voillent.	:

C A P. 1L

5 H. 7. f. S. « Fitz. Verdift, < 39-

Fitz. Procefs, i5, i7,14,126,' 141,151,181, 1 182, 1S5.

Co. Lit. 6.	(

Raft. 252.	,

Procefs againfl the Witnefles to prove a Deed denied.

L SO it is agreed. That when a Deed, Releafe,. Acquittance,5'or other Writing is denied in the King’s Court, wherein Witnefles b ■ named, Procefs fhall be awarded to caufe fuch Witnefles to appear,. as before hath been ufed; fo that if none of them5 come at the great Diftrefs returned, or if it "be returned that they have nothing, or that they cannot be, found, yet the taking of the Inqueft fhall not be deferred by the Abfence of fuch Witnefles. (2) And if the Witnefles do come in at the great Diftrefs,, and the Inqueft for fome Caufe remaineth untaken,, the Witnefles that come in fhall have like Day given , them as is aligned for the taking of the Inqueft ; (3), at which Day, if the Witnefles do not appear, the Iflues that were firft returned upon them fhall be forfeit ; (4) and the taking of the Inqueft fhall not be deferred becaufe of their Abfence. (5) And for Ab-fence ofWitnefl’es dwelling within Franehifes, where, the King’s Writ original doth not lie, the taking of an Inqueft fhall not be omitted.’

T enfement acorde eft qe qant Charte quite - elamaunce aquitaunce ou autre eferit feit de-dit en la Court le Roi en queus foient tefmoignes nomez feit proees fait de fere venir les tefiriqignes com-avant ad efte ufee iflint qe fil ne veignent a la grant deflrefce fur eus retourne ou qe retourne feit ,qi! nc.unt rien ou ne font trovez'qe adonk ne feit leffee la prife de tenquefte par abfence de tiepx tefmoignes. Et fi les tefmoignes veignent par la grant deftrefee & ler.quefte parafeune enchefon renaaigne ,a prendre feit mefme le jour done a ecus tefmoignes .qe iflint vendront qeft done a lenquefte prendre A queux jour ft tieux tefmoignes ne-veignent foient lour iflues fur eus primes retournetz forfeetz & la prife de lenquefte ne remaigne par lour abfence. -‘Et -pur-abfence des tefmoignes qe'font des franehifes ou brief le-Roi original pe court mie ne feit la prife de tiele enquefte lefle..

13 Ei. 1. flat. 1. c. 30.

27 Ed. 1. flat, j

c.4.

C A P. III.	.	-	•	• :

Inqucfls and Juries touching Plea of Land fhall be taken by Nifi Prius.

ET com il feit contenu en leftatut fait a Weftm’ le fecund jour dAverill lan du regne Edward pere noftre feignur le Roi qore eft vint feptime qe

“ AND where it is contained in a Statute made at “ il Wefminfer the Second Day of April, in the

“ xxvii Year of the Reign of the King’s Father that

les

Stat. i.

A. D. 13 18.	Anno	duodecimo	E	d	ward	1	11.

175

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. les enqueues b les reconifaunces devant Juftiees del un Bank b del autre ajugez fuifTent prifes de-vnnt afcun des Juftiees des places afTocie a li un Chivnler du Counte Oil les enqueftes feneient a prendre fi les enquefts ne fuifTent de grant exami-nement & qe en tides enqueftes prendre' full: fait ficom les Juftiees verroient qe feift a fere au profit du Roialme le quel eftatut ad befoigne deftre m'euz declare Acorde eft qe les enqueftes & juretz qe font b ferront a prendre en plee de terre qe ne font mie de grant examinement foient prifes en pays devant un Jiiffice de la place ou le pie eft afTocie a li un prodhome du pays Chevaler ou autre Iffint qe certain jour feit done en Bank & certein jour & leu en pays en prefence des .parties fi demaundaunt le prie. Et aufi les enqueftes & jurez en plai de terre qe demaunuent grant examinement foient prifes en pays en la fourme fufdite devant deus Juftiees du Bank.

44 now is, that Inquefts and Recognifances taken before “ Juftiees of the one Bench and of the other, fhould 44 be taken before any Juftice of the Places accom-“ panied with fome Knight of the Shire where fuch “ Inqifefts hap to be taken, if they have not Need “ of great Examination; (2) and that in fuch I11-“ quells the Juftiees fhall do as they think mofl exp’edi-“ ent for the Wealth of the Realm, the which Statute “ needeth to be better declared‘ (3) it is agreed, Co. Lit. 6.

4 That Inquefts and Juries that be and fhall be taken ^ ’4 E<1- J ‘ in Pleas of Land, that require not great Examina- tepjr! what Per-4 tion, fhall be taken in the Country before a Juftice fimNtfiPnus 4 of the Place where the Plea is, accompanied with a' v.ay be granted.

4 fubftantial Man of the Country, Knight, or other,

‘ fo that a certain Day be given in the Bench, and a 4 certain Day and Place in the Country, in the Pre-4 fence of the Parties, if the Demandant requeft it.

4 (4) And alfo the Inquefts and Juries, in Pleas of 4 Land that require great Examination, fhall be taken 4 in the Country (in the Manner abovefaid) before Raft-437*

4 two Juftiees of the Bench.’

C A P. IV.

Juftiees of Niji Prius fhall record Nonfuits, Defaults, L5V.

ET eit' la Juftice ou les'Juftices poer a recorder nonfutes &. Hefautes en pays as jour b lieuS qe ferront affignez coin defuz eft dit. Et ceo qil averont fait en les chrofes ful’dites feit reporte en Bank a jour done & illoeqs enroule & d? ceojuge-ment rendu; Et lientent mie lc Roi qe les dites enqueftes b jurez ne puiflent, eftre prifes en Bank fi ele-veignent ne qe ceft eftatut feftent a grant affi-fes.; Et ajifi une JuftidQ.del un Bank b de lautre aflpeie a lui un prddhomme du pays Chevaler ou autre al reqiieftejdu pleintlf preigne les enqueftes des pledz pledez & a pleder qe font movez par ■ at-tachementz& deftrefees Et eyt poer de recorder les nonfutes com defus eft dift & prendre les enqueftes par derautes illoeqs faitesr Et qant a les aflifes de Dreiin prefent & les enqueftes fur bref de Qiiare impedit prendre feit fait com' if efticontenutz enlc fecund eftatut de Weftm’ Et eyt la Juftice poer de recorder nonfutes b defautes en pays b i'ur ceo jugement. doner com en Bank b foit reporte en Bank ceo qe il avera fait & illoeqs feit enroule. Et fi iflint aveigne qe les Juftiees ou la Juftice qe ferront ou ferra affigne de prendre tieles enqueftes en pays ne veignent pas ou ne veigne en pays au jour affigne jadumeyns les parties b les gentz del en-quefte gardent lour jour en Bank.

AND the Juftiees or Juftice Ihall have Power to Dyer 163.

record "Nonfuits and Defaults in the Country, at the Days and Places affigned, as afore is faid. (zj And that which they fhall have done in the Things above mentioned, fhall be reported in the Bench at a.

Day certain, there to be inrolled, and thereupon Judgement final] he given. (3) And the King intended! not, that the faid Inquefts and Juries fhould not be taken in the Bench if they come, nor that-this.Statute fhould extend unto great Affifes. (4) And alfo one Juftice of the one Place and of the other, being aflocrate with a difereet Man of the Country,

Knight, or other, at the Requeft of the Plaintiff, fhall take Inquefts upon Pleas pleaded and to be pleaded, that be moved by Attachment and Diftrefs, and fhall have Power to record Nonfuits as above is faid, and to take .Inquefts upon Defaults there made. (5)

And as to the Inquefts to be taken upon Writs of 13 Ed. 1. flat. i. Quare impedit, it fhall he done as is contained in the c- 30-Statute of JVeJiminfter the Second; and the Juftiees- r4^d-3-^t* final! have Power to record Nonfuits and Defaults in 'f/ijfje may give the Country, and to give Judgement thereupon, as judgement ),7 they do in the Bench, and there to,report that which spume hnpedity they have done, and there to be inrolled. (6) And &c-if it happen, that the Juftice or Juftiees that fhall be affigned to take fuch Inquefts iff the Country, do not come, or if they come into the Country at the Day affigned, yet the Parties and Perfons of fuch Inq.uefts:

Ihall keep their Day in the Bench.’

CAP. V.

An Indenture Ihall be made between the Sheriff and Bailiff of Liberty of every Return.

ET pur cco qe fovenere pleintead efte fait en la Court le Roi qe les retoums qe baillifs d-.s fraunchifes qe unt pleyn retourn des briefs le Roi unt liverez as vlfcontes aptes unt elte chaungez b en autre manere retournez en la Court le Roi a grant damage des afeuns des parties b en delajance de droiture Acorde eft qe des rctourns qe ileiore fe ferront as vifeontes par baillifs des tieles fraunchi-

ND becaufeit is many Times complained in 4I>

_ _ the King’s Court upon Returns, that Bailiffs 3 Roll 3n,. 44 ofFranchiies (having full Power to return tlie King’s z 9, zio.

44 Writs) have delivered- to Sheriffs, that have been 44 after changed, and otherwife returned into ihe King’s 44 Court, to the great Damage of fome of the Parti s,-44 and the Delay of Right;” 4 (2) it is agreed. That 4 of Returns which hereafter Ihall be delivered to the-'

4' Sheriffs-

176 Stat, x»	Anno	duodecinio	Ed waRcP'i'I’L	A. D.	1318.

Sro. El. 3 to, 5C9. 7°3> 767-Cro. Car. 18.9. 3 Bulftr. 73.

Bio. Return de Brief, Si.

Bro. Scire: fac’,

233* .

'Sheriffs and Bailiffs ft ail let 'their Names to their Returns. Cuithcvv, 56.

‘ ShefinVby Bailiffs of fuch Frinchifes, an Indenture ‘ fhall be made between the Bailiff of the Franchife 4 by his proper Name, and the Sheriff by his proper 4 Name.' (3)' And if any Sheriff change the Return 4 fo delivered to him by Indenture, and be thereof con-- viift at the Suit of the Lord of the Franchife, of 4 whom he received the Return, if the Lord have had 4 any Damage, or if his Franchife be imblemilhed, 4 and at the Suit of the Party that hath fuftained Lofs 4 through that Occafion, he fhall be punifhed by the 4 King for his falfe Return, and fhall yield unto the 4 Lord and to the Party dou’ole'Damages. (4) Alfo it 4 is agreed, That from henceforth Sheriffs, and other 4 Bailiffs that receive the King’s Writs returnable in 4 his Court, fhall put their own Names with the Re-4- turns, fo that the Court may know of whom they 4 took fuch Returns, if need be, (5) And if any 4 Sheriff or other Bailiff leave out his Name in his 4 Returns, he fhall be grievoufly amerced to the King’s 4 life.’

JEx Rot. in Turr. Lond. fes foit faite endenture plenere entre le baillif de la fraunchife nome par fon propre noun & le vifeoun-te nome par fon propre. noun. Et fi nul vifeounte chaunge retourn iflint livere a li par endenture Sc d'e ceo feit atteint a la fute le Seignur de la fraunchife dont il avera tiel retourn refeeu fil le Seignur avera damage encoru ou fa fraunchife feit en-blemie & a la fute de la partie qe avera damage en-corue par cel encheilbn feit puni de vers le Roi com de faus return Sc rende au Seignur & a la par-tie damage a double. AiilTint eft acorde qe defore Vifcontes &autr'es Baillifs qe refeeivent brefs le Roi returnables en fa court mettent leur propres nouns ove leur returnes iflint qe le court puiffe-favoir a qi prendre des tieux returns fi meftier feit. Et fi n-ul vifeonte ou autre baillif en fes returns entreleffe fon noun feit grevement amercie al oeps le Roi.

CAP. VI.

1 ,	,	.

No Officer of a City or Borough fhall fell Wine or Vi&uals during his Office.

jSyCR. 2./?.;/. 1.

c ty.ncViSiuallc.r

^foal! csejtcife aju-r dicial Ptace> c. Altered by 7-fl. a. c. 11. and 3 H, &, c. 8,

Regift. *$4. Raff. 656.

4 A LSO to the common Profit of the People, it is 4 ii agreed, That no Officer in City or in Borough,' 4 that by Reafon of his Office ought to keep Aflifes of 4 Wines and Victuals, fo long as he is Attendant'to 4 that Office, fhall not merchandife for Wines nor 4 Viftuals, neither in Grofs, nor by Retale; (2) and 4 if any do, and be thereof conviift, the Merchandife 4 whereof he is convidi fhall be forfeit to the King, 4 and the third Part thereof fhall be delivered to the * Party that fired the Offender, as the King’s Gift. 4 (3) And in fuch Cafe he that will fue for a Thing *To forfeited, fhall be received; (4) and the Chan-4 cellor, Treafurer, Barons of the Exchequer, Jufti-4 ces of either Bench, and Juftices afligned to take 4 Aflifes, fhall admit fuch Plaints by Writs, and with-4 out Writs, and fhall determine them, and fhall per-4 form all Tilings contained in thefe Articles in Form 4 abovefaid. (5) And neverthelefs the King may af-4 fign his Juftices to execute this Thing in Cities and-4 Boroughs, when and where it pleafeth him.’

ENfement por comun profit du poeple acorde eft qe nul miniftre en.crte ne en burgh qi par refon de fon office deft garder aflife des vins Sc des vitailles -tant com il Terra entendaunt a tiel office ne marchaunde des vins ne des vitailles en gros ne a retail Et fi nul face & de ceo foit atteint la mar-chaundie dunt il-ferra atteint foit forfaite au Roi Sc la tierce partie feit livere come de donn le Roi a celi a qi fute le trefpafiour Terra iflint ateint. Et en tieu cas feit refeeu celi qe vodra fure por tieu chofe ateindre &Chauncellqr Treaforer Barons del Efcheker Juftices del un Bank Scdelautre & Juftices aflignetz as aflifes prendre refeeivent tieux pleintes par brief Sc fans bref & les terminent Sc perfacent totes les chofes contenues en ceft article en la four-me avantdite. Et jadimeyns put le Roi affigner fes Juftices a cefte chofe perfere en cites Sc en burghs qant & la ou il plerra.

1.	.	•

IT* EX dileCiis & fidelibus fuis Henrico le Scrop Sc fociisfuis Juftic’ noftris ad placita coram nobis tenenda' affigriatis falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos in prefenti parliamento noftro apud'Ebor’um convocato de affenfu prelatorum comitum baronum Sc totius cornmunitatis regni noftri ibidem exiftentium ad cominunem utilitatem populi ejufdem regni edita vobis mittimus fub figillo noftro confignata mandantes quatenus ftatuta ilia coram vobis publican & ea in omnibus Sc fmgulis fuis articulis quantum ad vos pertinet firmiter teneri faciatis. T. R. apud Ebor’um primo die Decembr’.

Per ipfum Regerh. -

LE Roi au Vifcountez dEverwyk faluz. Come nadgeres entre autre e flatutz faitz a noftre drein parlement a Everwyk feuffe accordeez & faitz les eftabliffementz qe fenfuent Por ceo qe fovenere pleinte ad ejie faite en la court le Roi See. lit fupra ufque in finein vos comandonsqe les ditz pointz enfi eftabliz facetz publieren voftre plein countee e en cites e en burghs & aillors en voftre baillie ou vous verretz qil foit afaire Sc les teig-netz Sc gardez tant qe come a vous apent fur les peines fufecrites, Donez a Everwyk le oytifme jour de Ja-r.evoir.

Eodan tnodo manclatum cji fmgulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

DiStaJlatuta pojhnodum miJJ'a fuerant in Hiberniain ut in Ircvi fubferipto continetur £25 liberata fucrunt Godcfrido fdio Rogeri una cum ditto brevi defer end,3,

REX Cancellario fuo Idibernie falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos in parliamento noftro apud Ebor’ con-L vocato de affenfu Prelatorum Comitum Baronum Sc totius cornmunitatis regni noftri ibidem exiftentium ad communem utilitatem populi ejufdem regni acterre noftre Hibernie edita vobis fub figillo noftro mittimus confignata mandantes quod ftatuta ilia in di£ta cancellaria noftra cuftodiri ac in rotulis ejufdem cancellarie irrotulari Sc fub figillo noftro quo tuimur in Hibernia in forma patenti exemplificari Sc ad fingulas placeas no-> 4	ftras

AcB«:,1 Anno duodecimo.Eowardi.IL\	Stat. 2.	177

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ftras in terra predi£ta,& fingulos^comitafus ejufdem terre faciatis per brevia noftra fub dicio figillo mlni-ftris noftris placearum iliarum & vicecomitibus di£torum comitatuum mandantes quod ftatuta ilia cor^mipfis publicSri &ea'in omnibus &fingiilis fuis articulisquantumad ebnirn fingulos pertinet firmiter faciant obfervari.

T. R. apud Clarindon x die Septembr’ anno &c. quartodecimo.

1*	.	r	r,	,	f-	s	-	,	/	-	r	*	' Per ipfum Regem.

RE X Cancellario fuo Hibernie falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos de aflenfu Prelatorum Comitum Baro-num & Communitatis regninoftri nuper.apud Lincoln & quedam alia ftatuta poftmodum apudEborum fabta que indidta terra noftra Hibernie ad communem utilitatem populinoftri ejufdem terre obfervari volumus Vobis mittimus fub figillo noftro mandantes quod ftatuta ilia in dicta cancellaria noftra cuftodiri ac in rotulis ejufdem cancellarie irrotulari & fub figillo noftro quo utimur in Hibernia in forma patenti exemplificari & ad fingulas placeas noftras in terra predicta & fingulos comitatus ejufdem terre mitti faciatis per brevia noftra fub didto figillo miniftris noftris placearum iliarum & viceccmitib.us didtorum comitatuum mandantes quod ftatuta ilia coram ipfis publican & ea in omnibus & fingulis fuis articulis quantum ad eorum fingulos pertinet firmiter faciatis obfervari. T. R. apudNotyngh’xx die Novembr’.

Per ipfum Regem.

Hoe Statute of Eflbins, made Anno 12 Edw. II. Stat. 2; and Anno

Dom. 1318.

Several Cafes wherein Effoins do not lie.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

DEmonftratur quot modis efionia funt calump-nianda & in quibus efionia jacent & in qui-bus non. Non jacet quia terra capta eft in manum donfini Regis. Non jacet quando aliquis diftridtus eft per terras & catalla. Non jacet quia conceflum eft hinc inde judiciumJ. Ncc jacet de ultra marc quia alias fe efloniavit de malo veniendi. Nec jacet quia fe effoniavit tali die. Nec jacet quia preceptum fuit vicecomiti quod faceret ipfum venire. Non jacet de fervitio domini Regis pro fe-mina nifi quia nutrix aut obftetrix aut mittatur per breve ad ventrem infpiciendum. Non jacet quia querens non invenit plegios de profequendo. Non jacet quia efloniatus teftatur quod non eft in fervitio domini Regis. Non jacet quia nulla fummonitio teftificata vel attachiata eft vel quia vicecomes man-davit quod non eft inventus. Non jacet quia alias fe efloniavit de fervitio domini Regis fcilicet tali die & modo & non mifit Warrantum fuum. Non jacet quia mandatum fuit Epifcopo quod faceret eum venire. Non jacet quia non nominatur in brevi.. ^on jacet quia refummonitip fuit de ultima prefen-tatione vel morte antecefloris. Non jacet quia preceptum eft vicecomiti quod attachiet evim. Non jacet quia nondum dies preteriit.

1 Et fciendum quod efionium de fervitio domini Regis fcilicet poft magnum cape & poll: parvum cape & poft diftridtioncm per terras & catalla jacet. ■'	,

1 ’

, ,Vca, I.

<1 .1..	»

» Si juratorcs veniant( Alit MS.

’ ERE is declared how many Ways Eflbins may 52//. 3. c. 13 & be challenged, and in what Gates Eflbins do20- lEd.-i. c. lie, and in what not; that is to fay, an Efloirt	^

‘ lieth not where the Land is taken into the King’s ,, u 'c_

‘ Hands. (2) Efioin lieth not where the Party is dif-£f4s. c trained by his Land*. (3) Efloin lieth not where Fitz. Etfoin, 3,

‘ any Judgement is given thereupon, fif the Jurors do 99> >35-‘ come. (y) Effoin lieth not where the Party tvas feen in ^ £d “n °

‘ the Court. (5) Efloin of Ultra mare lieth not where 1 Wor faOrig.

‘ another Time the Party hath been efloined De malo. Fitz. Efioin/

‘ veniendi. (6) It lieth not where the Party hath ef- 11,4-. 42>153* ‘ foined himfelf another Day. (7) It lieth not where - the Sheriff was commanded to make the Party to ‘ appear. (8) Efloin De fervitio regis lieth not where'Fitz.'EtToin, 5,

‘ the Party is a Woman, unlefs becaufe fhe be Nude, Jt "6-‘ a Midwife, or commanded by Writ ad ventrem infpi- '	’

‘ ciendiim (9)% It lieth not in a TVrit of Dower, be-- No[ -n q.

‘ caufe it feemeth to be but a Deceit and a Delay of Right.

‘ (10) It lieth not for that the Plaintiff hath not found c Pledges to profecute the Suit. (nj || It lieth not, || Nitin Oftg.

‘ where the Attorney was ejjoined. (12) It lieth ‘not Fit*. Efioin,

‘ where the Party hath an Attorney in his Suit. (13)

‘ It lieth not where the Effoignor confefleth that he is, jj' tS'.'S-‘ not in our Lord the King’s Service. (14) It lieth foin, 1, ijs.

*	not where the Summonses not returned, or the Par- E-.tz. ESbia, 2.

‘ ty. not. attached, for that, the Sheriff hath returned 61>

‘ non eft inventus. (15) It lieth not where the Party Flt~ Efr-‘ another Time was efloined de fervitio Regis, that is f* f Ve<s.3i. ‘ to wit, fuch a Day, and now he hath not put in his c. ez, 43. 6E<t.

*	Warrant. (16) «T It lieth not where he was refum- i.ftat. i.c. 10. c moned in AJpfe of MortdaunceJlor, or Darrein Prefsnt- 13 Ed' f

‘ went. (17) It lieth not becaufe fuch a one is not p c named in the Writ. (r8) Tt lieth not where the 3,6, *c. c Sheriff hath a Precept to diftrain the Party to come q Kote) V/-.»

{ by his Lands and Goods **. (ig) It lieth not where Orderiurj>:jpofid ‘ the Bifhop was commanded to caufe the Party to ap- '"13ff’

‘ pear. (20) It lieth not for that the Term is pafled. ta,.h laat'

‘ (21) And it is to be noted, that an Effoia 'defervitiosee 9eJ3. Sta\ ‘ do'mini Regis'- is allowed after' the. Grand Cape, Pcty 1. c. 3.D.bt 1 Cape, and after Diftrefles taken upon the Lands and az°''4 dh'cn ‘Goods.’	'	•

...	.	x	1	.	.	v.	1	JbalhiGtfurcb	by

FJftin.

Statutum 4-Rc:id ^

■ A

Anno decimo quarto Edwardi II,

A. D. 1321*

Shcrisj,

(Attaints,

Vet. Msgrtt

Char- 94- b. ,1? Ed.». Cat.

Statutum de vicecomifibus et aliis de viridi cera.

Made Anno 14 Edw. II. and Anno Dom. 1321. a

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 33. D.

PUR ceo qe entre autres oppreffions & grevaunces qe le poeple ad fentu par vifcontes Sc autres Minl-ftres countre fourme des ftatutz Sc autres remedies de cep purveus il fe fent mult greive de ceo qe afcuns vifcountes & autres miniftres ne aquitent mie al Efcheker noftre feigns le Roi ceux des queuX" il ourxt leve deners al oeps le Roi par fomons del Efcheker e dount il ount fait taille al dettour ou autre ac-quitaunce Sc de ceo qe en jurez de vint Sc quatre le proces ad efte long ficome monftre full a noftre Seign’ le Roi Edward fitz le Roi Edward a fon parlement a Weftmonfter as utaves de la Seint Michel lan de foil regne quatorzifme par pleinte de la commune de fon roialme noftre Seign’ le Roi deftraunt purVeCf Sc mettre remedie au proriftde fon poeple paraffentdes Prelatz Countes Sc Barouns & tote la commune de fon roialme en. dit parlement fill Sc eftab'ift les eftatuz qe fenfuent. A deprimes des vifconts & autres miniftres qe ount leve la dette le Roi & fount taille ou autre acquitaunce au dettour Sc ne laquitent pas al Efcheker Sc de ceo font empledez al Efcheker Sc par favour fount mys as petites iftues queux il voillent plus voillentiers perdre qe venir a refpons & illint font les pleintifs totes voies chargez a mult grant damage & oppreffion de eux oraene eft Sc eftabli que vifconte ou autre miniftre quant il eft de ceo enplede al Efcheker Sc foit adavaunt ale en le pie qe la grant deftrefce foit retourne fur Iui Sc il ne veigne pas a refpons adonqes ifle autre brief de deftrefce retournable a certein jour en queu bref foit maunde qe proclamacion foit faite en plein countee qe le defendaunt veigne a ceu jour Sc aquite le de'tour ds la fumme dount il fift taille ou aquitaunce a queu jour ft le defendaunt ne veigne pas Sc bref foit retourne Si proclamacion tef-moigne foit tenu pur convidl Sc la dette leve de lui auxi come dette recoveri en la Court le Roi Sc damages agnrdez au pleintif folom defcretion des Barons. Et doit cell: eftatut eftendre auxi bien a ceux qe ount eftiez vifcountes Sc autres miniftres tut lefient il lour baillies come a vifcontes Sc autres miniftres taunt come il tenent lour baillies. Et neft mie lentention de noftre Seign’ le Roi ne de fon counfeil qe par cell eftatut feit nul home forclofe qil ne fe puifte pleindre fur vifcounte Sc autre miniftre quant il ferra trove al Efcheker Sc qil reftroignent illoeqs auxi come ad efte ufe renablement devant ceo temps. Des proces efcour-' cer en jurez de vint & quatre pur ceo qe par la ley cea enarere ufe Juftices nalerent point as tieles jurez prendre avant ceo qe touz les primers jurours qe furent en vieeuflent apparu devant eux en Court et tieux jurours doiaUntz eftre ateir.tz volcint miels perdre lour iftues qe apparer en court par quei les pleintifs furent trop defaicz Sc faux ferement rerement puny ordene eft Sc eftabli qe ft les primers jurours qe ferront en vie ne apiergentpas en Court devant les Juftices qe ferront affignez as tieux jurez prendre a la primere grant deftrefce fur eux retourne ou qe retourne foit qil ne ount rien par quei il puflent eftre deftreint qe adonqs pur lour abfence ne foit pas delaie la prife de la jure fauvee & gardee en totes autres chofes le proces en tieles jurez ufe cea en arere.

REX dileclis Sc fidelibus fuis Henrico le Scrop Sc fociis fuis Juftitiariis noftris ad placita coram nobis te-nenda affignatis falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ in odlabis Sandli Michaelis proximo preteritis convocato de aflenfu PrJatorum Comitum Baronum Sc totius Communitatis regni noftri ibidem exiftentium ad communem utilitatem populi ejufdem regni edita vobis mittimus fub figillo noftro confignata Mandantes quatenus ftatuta ilia coram vobis publicari Sc ea in omnibus Sc ftngulis fuisarti-culis quantum ad vos pertinet firmiter teneri faciatis._ T. R. apud Weftm’ iiij. die Junii.

Eodem modo mandatum eji Jubfcriptis videlicet	Juftlc de Banco

Thes’ id Baron’ de Scaccario.

Statutum de Carleol. de Finibus, made Anno 15 Edw. II. and Anno

Dom. 1322.

The Conufbr of 2 Fine {hall come perfonally before the Juftices. Where a Commiffion fhall be awarded to take a Fine. Who may admit Attorneys:

i ^TT^HE King unto the Juftices of his Bench Greet-‘	ing. Whereas of late we have ordained that

e	all fuch Fines as are to be levied in our Court

‘ be lawfully levied, which we will in no wife to be ‘ infringed or to be adnulled of their whole Power, ‘ (2) we have fent unto you our Mind in Writing * firmly to be obferved: that is to wit. That as well

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

RE X Jufticiariis fuis de Banco faluterm Cum nuperordinaverimus quod Fines in Curia no-ftra levandi rite leventur quos nolumus in-aliqua fui parte conrringi infirmari feu detotopofle adnullari voluntatem noftram fubferiptam vobis mittimus obfervandam videlicet quod tarn partes querentes quam tenentes Sc defendentes qui jus vel

3 This i* in tbs ScmnJo pan veterum Jlotuloruat, and in Mr. Serjeant Hawkins’s Edition*

iehementa

179

Cotton MS.

<enementa fit a aliis cognofcere vel reddere debeant in placitis Warrantie carte conventionis vel aliis de ciuibus fint levandi .coram qqibus antequam Fines illi lcventur perfonaliter veniant ut earum partium etas fatuitas feu quicunque alii defedtus fi qui fue-rint per vos adjudicari poterunt & decerni provifo tamen quod fi quis fenio an etate decrepita aut debilitate cafualiter fuperveniente fic fuerit detentus & oppreflus quod coram vobis ad Curiam noftram aliqualiter non poffit accedcre In tali cafu Volu-mus quod duo vel unus veftrum de aflenfu veftro de Banco talem fic oppreffum adeant vel adeat Si fuam recognitionem fuper placito & forma placiti quod habetur in Curia noftradequo finis in eadem Curia levari debet affumpto fecum fi Unus adeat uno Ab-batePriore vel Milite uno fide digno et bone fame recipiant vel recipiat & inde vos per Recordum fuum reddant vel reddat certiores ut per ipfos vel ipfum omnibus que ad finem levandam pertinent exami-natis fines illi ut preditftum eft rite leventur. No-lumus etiam quod aliquis Baronum noftrorum Scac-carii noftri feu jufticiariorum noftrorum aliquos capiant Attornatos nifi tantum in placitis que coram eis Si fociis fuis in locis Si placeis ubi per nos aflignantur Si eandem de Attornato recipiendo Po-teftatem clericis & Miniftris prediftorum Baronum & Jufticiariorum denegamus ordinantes quod fi aliqui attornati per aliquem prediflorum aliquo mo-do admittantur pro non admiflis habeantur Si te-neantur Potcftate tamen Canccllarii noftri qui pro tempore fuerit cui juxta difcretioncm fuam expe-dire viderit admittendi ct etiam Capitalis Jufticiarii noftri ut hadtenus in Attornatis recipiendis femper obfervata. Volumus etiam quod hec donacio no-ftra in Odtabis fanfle Trinitatis proximo futuris incipiat obfervari. T. me ipfo apud Karliolum viij° die Aprilis Anno regni noftri vicefimo quinto.

the Parties Demandant or Plaintiff, as the Tenants The Conufor of

■	or Defendants, that will yield or acknowledge their aFine Right of Lands or Tenements unto other in Pleas °f fb^lufiic^Th.' TVarranUa Charta, Covenant, and other, whereupon his DefeS may Fines are to be levied afore you before fuch Fines do be difcerned. pafs, the Parties {hall appear perfonally, fo that their Raft. 349, &c. Age, Idiocy, or any other Default (if any be) may Br0, Flnes levy> be judged and difcerned by you. (3) Provided not-,zl‘ withftanding, That if any rerfon be by Age or Im- . potence decrepit, or by Cafualty fo oppreffed and with-holden, that by no Mean he is able to come before you in our Court, then in fuch Cafe we will

that two or one of you, by Affent of the Refidue of the Bench, fhall go unto the Party fo difeafed, and fhall receive his Cognifance upon that Plea and Form of Plea that he hath in our Court, whereupon the fame Fine ought to be levied. (4) And if there go A Commiflion but one, he fhall take with him an Abbot, a Prior,t0 take 1 F‘nc* or a Knight, a Man of good Fame and Credit, and fhall certify you thereof by the Record; fo that all Things incident to the fame Fine being examined by him or them, the fame Fines according to our former Ordinance may be lawfully levied. (?) And we Who may s)!ow will not that any of our Barons of the Exchequer, Attorneys in

or our Jufticcs, fhall admit any Attorneys, but only ))’')?’ e“urt‘ in Pleas that pafs afore them in the Benches and in 1 a 1 9 Places where they be affigned by us. (6.) And the fame Power of admitting Attorneys we prohibit and deny to the Clerks and Servants of the faid Barons and Jufticcs; (7) and do ordain. That if any Attorneys be admitted hereafter by any of the Perfons aforefaid, their Admifiion fhall be of none Fffedl.

(8) Referved alway to the Chancellor for the time The Lord chan-being his Authority in admitting Attorneys, accord- crllor and Chief ; ing to whofe Difcretion they fhall be admitted; (9) J»fl*cesmayad-: and to our Chief Juftices, as heretofore hath been ra t Atlorneys*

: obferved in the Admiffion of Attorneys. (10) We For t!x DoBr;:.e ’ will alfo that this our Ordinance fhall take Effedt and 0f Fines, fie far-' begin at the Utas of the Trinity next enfuing. Given the- 34Ed. 3.

: at our Parliament at Carltjle, the Fifteenth Year of''-’6, sff.4~

■	our Reign.’	c. 14. iXid.3.

s	„	c.y. 4 B. 7.

f. 14.	32	H.	8.	c. 36. 23 E/iz, c, 3. and 4 Ann, c, 16*--

Exilium Hugonis le Defpenfer Patris et Filii. See Appendix.

Ne quis occafonetur pro feloniis feu tranfgreffio?iibm faBis in profecutione Hugosiis le Defpenfer patris et filii, See Appendix.

Forma Chart arum profequmtibus Hugh le Defpenfer patrem et filium

conceffarum. See Appendix.

A Statute revoking the Pardon granted to the Purfuers of the Defpenfers* ^jnade Anno 15 Enw, II, and Anno Dom, 1322s See Appendix.

j8o Stat. 1*	Anno	decimo feptimo Edwardi II. A. D. 1324."

A Statute revoking an Eftablijhment of the Houfehold, made Anno 16 Edw. II. Anno Dom, 1323. See Appendix.

A Statute of Eftreats, made Anno 16 Edw. II. and Anno Dom.'

1323. See Appendix.

/	>	'	t

Prerogativa Regis, made Anno 17 Edw. II. Stat. 1. and Anno Dora..

J324*

CAP. I.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

ThefeyenChap- TXOMINUS Rex habebit cuftodiam omnium terrarum eorum qui de ipfo tenent in capite per fervH-I I cium militare de quibus ipfi tenentes fuerunt feifiti in dominico fuo ut de feodo die quo obierunt de quocumque tenuerunt per hujufmodi fervicium dum tamen ipfi tenuerunt de Rege aliquod tenemen-tum ab antiquo de corona ufque ad legitimam etatem Heredum exceptis feodis Archiepifcopi Cantuarienfis Epifcopi Dunolmenfis inter Tyne et Thefe & feodis Comitum & Baronum de marchia in marchia ubi brevda Regis non currunt et unde predidfi Archiepifcopus Epifcopus Comites et Barones habent hujufmodi cuftodias aSEd. 1. flat. 1. licet alibi tenuerunt de Rege.

ters following are taken away by 12 Car. 2. c. 24.

C A P. II.

REX habebit maritagium heredum infra etatem & in cuftodia fua exiftentium five terre heredum pre-didtorum fint ab antiquo de corona five de efcaetis que funt in manu domini Regis five habuerit maritagium ratione cuftodie terrarum dominorum eorundem heredum nullo habito refpedlu quoad prioritatem feof-aSEd.i. flat, 1. famenti licet de aliis tenuerint.

CAP. III.

ITEM habet primam feifinam poll: mortem eorum qui de eo tenent in capite de omnibus terris & tenements de quibus ipfi fuerint feifiti in dominico fuo ut de feodo cujufcumque etatis heredes ipforum fuerint capiendo ornnes exitus eorumdem terrarum & tenementorum donee facia fuerit inquifitio prout moris eft &' $z H. 3. c. 16. ceperit homagium hujufmodi heredis.

CAP. IV.

"|TEM afilgnabit viduis poft mortem virorum fuorum qui de eo tenent in capite dotem fuam que eas con-31. tingit licet heredes fuerint plene etatis fi vidue voluerint & vidue ille ante predidlam aflignationem dotis fivepredidli heredes fuerint plene etatis vel infra etatem jurabunt quod non maritabunt fe fine licentia Regis Et fi fe maritaverint fine licentia Regis tunc Rex capiet inmanum fuam diftridlionis loco omnes terras & te-nementa que de eo tenent in dotem donee fatisfecerint ad voluntatem Regis Ita quod Rex vel ipfa mulier The^rfn wi nichil capiat de exitibus &c. quoufque hujufmodi mulieres per hujufmodi diftriftiones feu viri earum finem flow’s o"a^h. ** faciant Regi ad voluntatem Regis & ilia voluntas tempore R. El. patris R. E. eftimari confuevit ad valen-gH. 3. flat. 1. c. ciam predi&e dotis perunum annum ad plus nifi uberiorem gratiam habuerint mulieres Etiam que de Rege

7.	See32. h. 3. tenent in capite hereditatem aliquam jurabunt fimiliter cujufcumque fuerint etatis-quod- non maritabunt fe c. 4.6./=/■ Enc- fme licencia Regis & fi fecerint terre & tenementa ipfarum eodem modo capiantur in maniun domini Regis "wa/jAPiib quou/oue fatisfecerint ad voluntatem domini Regis. ■	'

was taken away by jz Car. 2. c. 24.

- C A P. V.

Coparcentrj that QI una hereditas quetenetur de Rege iri capite defeendat participibus tunc o’mties ilfi heredes faciunthoma-hoia in chkf. gium Regi & ilia hereditas erne tenetur de Rege participabitur inter heredes illos. Ita quod quilibet eorum extunc partem fuam tenebit ex Rege.	1	'	-

.	...	.	t*

, . ' ! ’ ■ ''

CAP.

Stat. 1

.	1S.t

CAP. vi:

Cotton MS,

SI mulierante mortem AntecefToris fui qui de Regc tenet in capite ante annos nubiles maritata fuerit tunc r,ep w°;™" Rexhabebitcuftodiam corporis ipfius mulieris ufque ad etatem quod confentiri poiBt et tunc cligat ipfii during her a»-utrum maluerit habere in virum ilium cui primo maritata fuerit vel alium quern Rex ei optulerit Nuilus qui ceftorh Life, tenet de Rege in capite per fervicium militare poterit alienare majorem partem terrarum fuarum ita quod re- The King’s Te-fiduum non fufficiat ad faciendum inde fervicium fine licentia Regis fet hoc non confuevit intelligi de mem-bris et particulis terrarum earundem. ’	<	whhoTtLkcncs.

i Ed. 7. flat* 2»

CAP. VII.

D

E ferjantiis alienatis fine licentia Regis confuevit Rex arentare hujufmodi fcriantias per rationabilem K;’; ?2> U*

' extentaminde faciendam.

future, but Fiitt '

cap. viir.	for Alienation %	-

His Prerogative, that Lapfe of Six Months fhall not prejudice his Prefentatiorr.

DE ecclefiis vacantibus quarum advocationes fpeflant ad Regem et alii prefentaverint ad eafdemita quod contentio inter dominum Regem et alios oriatur Si Rex per confiderationem prefenta-tionem fuam recupcraverit licet poft laptum tem-poris fex menfium a tempore vacationis nullum cur-rit ei ternpus dum tamen Rex prefentaverit infra predidtum tempus fex menfium.

‘ f~\F Churches being vacant, the Advowfons v,'here- BVo. Part. 6l-‘ of belong to the King, and other prefcnt to the Hob-‘ fame, whereupon Debate arifetb between the King ‘ and other; if the King by Award of the Court do ‘ recover his Prefentation, though it be after the Laple ‘ of Six Months from the Time of the Avoidance, no ‘ Time fhall prejudice him, fo that he prefent within ‘ the Space of Six Months.’

CAP. IX.

His Prerogative in the Cuftody of Lands of Idiots.

REX habet cuftodiam terrarum fatuorum natu-ralium capiendo exitus earundem finevafto et deftru&ione et inveniet eis ncceflaria fua de cujuf-cumque feodo terre ille fuerint et poft mortem eo-rum reddat eas redtis heredibus ita quod nullatenus per cofdem fatuos alienentur vel eorum heredes ex-heredentur.

c nrHE King fhall have the Cuftody of the Lands Bro. Idiot, 4, ‘	1 of natural Fools, taking the Profits of them 7-	•

‘ without Wafte or Deftrudlion, and fhall find them “

‘ their Neceflaries, of whofe Fee foever the Lands be 3 c0.170!

‘ holden. (2) And after the Death of fuch Idiots he iH. 7. f. 24. ‘ fhall render it to the right Heirs, fo that fuch Idiots 3°3-* fhall not aliene, nor their Heirs fhall be difinherited.’

So **

C A P. X.

His Prerogative in the Prefervarion of the Lands of Lunaticks. •

ITEM habet providere quando aliquis qui prius habuit memoriam ct intelledfum non fuerit compos mentis fue ficut quidam funt per lucida intervalla quod terre et tenementa eorundem falvo cuf-todiantur fine vafto et deftrudtione et qued ipfe et familia fua de exitibus earundem vivant et fufti-neantur competenter et refiduum ultra fuftentatio-hem eorurdem rationabilem cuftcdiatur ad opus ipforum liberandum eis quando memoriam recupe-raverint. Ita quod -predicte terre ct tenementa infra predidfum tempus non alienentur Nee Rex de exitibus aliquid percipiat ad opus fuum et fi obierit in tali ftatu tunc illuu refiduum diftribuatur pro animq ejufdem per cqnfilium ordinariorum.

LSO the King.fhall provide, when any (that 4 Co. 127? beforetime hath had his Wit and Memory)

‘ happen to fail of his Wit, as there are many per luri-‘ da intervalla, that their Lands and Tenements fhall ‘ be fafely kept without Wafte and Deftrudtion, and ‘ that they and their Houflrold fhall live and be main-5 ‘ tained competently with the Profits of the fame, and ‘ the Refidue befides their Suftentation fhall be kept to ‘ their Ufe, to be delivered unto them when they come ‘ to right Mind; (2) fo that fuch Lands and Tene-‘ ments fhall in no wife be aliened*; (3) and the * Add ‘ King fhall take nothing to his own Ufe. (4.) And if Tim: a ‘ the Party die in fuch Eftate, then the Refidue fhall ‘ be diftributed for his Soul by the Advice of the Or- „ .

‘ dinar,.-	,	.	.	-	.

460 for the E reft ton of Court of Wards 5 which was taken away by u Car.

within the forejaidt

, z66* H.3. Cj 2»- C, 24*

cap:

182 Stat. i,j

Anno decimo feptimo Edwardi II,

A. D. 1324,

CAP. XL

His Prerogative in having the Wreck of the Sea, Whales, and Sturgeons.

5 Co. 106, io3. ‘ ALSO the King fhall have Wreck of the Sea iH-7-	‘	/ l throughout the Realm, (z) Whales and great

1 h 7?f 20.' 4 Sturgeons taken in the Sea or elfewhere within the fcH.6. f.ak ‘ Realm, (3) except in certain Places privileged by '	£	the King.’

Cotton MS.

ITEM habet Warectum maris pertotumregnum Ballenas et fturgiones captos in mari vel alibi infra regnum exceptis quibufdam locis privilegiatis per Reges.

CAP. XII.

His Prerogative in enjoying the Lands of Normans.

*7 Ed. 3. f. 21. c ALSO the King fhall have Efcheats of the jT\. Lands of Normans, to whofe Fee foever they ‘ belong, faving the Service appertaining to the chief 4 Lords of the fame Fee. And this.alfo is to be un-‘ derftood where any Inheritance defeendeth to any that ‘ is born in the Parts beyond the Sea, whofe Anceftors '* were from the Time of King John under the Alle-■t giance of the Kings of France, and not of the Kings ‘ of England, as late it happened by the Barony of ‘ Monmouth, after the Death of John de Monmouth, ‘ whofe Heirs were of Britain and other Places, King ‘ Henry by the forefaid Occafion recovered manyEf-cheats of Normans Lands out of the Fees of other ‘ Men, and gave them to be holden of the chief Lords c of the Fee, by Services due and accuftomed there-‘ unto.’

ITEM habet efcaetas de terris Normannorum de cujufcumque feodo fuerint falvo fervitio quod pertinet ad Capitales dominos feodi illius et hoc hrniliter intelligendum eft ft aliqua hereditas defeendat alicui nato in partibus tranfmarinis cujus anteceflores fuerint ad fidem Regis Francie ut tempore Regis Johannis et non ad fidem Regis Anglie ficut contingit de baronia Monemuth poft mortem Johannis de Monemuta cujus heredes fuerint in Britannia et alibi de feodis aliorum recuperavit Rex Henricus plures efcaetas de terris Normannorum occafione predicta et eas contulit tenendum de ca-pitahbus dominis per fervitia inde debita et con-fueta.

CAP. XIII.

^Id. i.c.4, /'""VUANDO aliquis qui tenet de Rege in capite in fata decedit etheres ejus ingrediatur tenementum " quod anteceffor ejus tenuit de Rege die quo obiit antequam fecerit homagium Regi et feifinam fuam re-ccperit per Regem tunc nullum ei accrefcit liberum tenementum et fi obierit feifitus per idem tempus uxor ejus non habebit dotem de tenemento illo ficut contigit de Matilda filia Comitis Hereford uxore Anfelmi Marefcalli qui poft Mortem Willielmi Comitis Marefcalli Anglie Fratris fui cepit feifinam Caftri et manerii de Strogill et obiit in eodem Caftro antequam intrafiet per Regem et feciflet ei Homagium et unde confi-deratum fuit quod ipfa non haberet dotem eo quod vir ejus non intravit per Regem imo per intrufionem fet hoc non intelligitur de efcaetis et parvis tenuris.

CAP. XIV.

* ReaA.iavhg. His Prerogative in * have the Efcheat of Bilhops Freehold Tenants attainted of Felony during

the Vacation.

c A LSO the King fhall have Efcheats of Lands of

*	j\ the Freeholders of Archbifhops and Bifhops, ‘ when fuch Tenants be attainted for Felony in Time c of Vacation, whiles their Temporalities were in the ‘ King’s Hands, to give at his Pleafure, faving to fuch ‘ Prelates the Service that thereto is due and accuf-

*	tomed.’

ITEM habet efcaetas de terris libere tenentium Archiepifcoporum et Epifcpporum quando ipfi tenentes dampnati funt pro felonia fadta tempore vacationis dum temporalia eorundem fuerunt in manu domini Regis conferendas cui voluerit im-perpetuum falvo fervitio quod ad Prelatos inde'pertinet.

CAP. XV.

His Prerogative, that Knights Fees, Advowfons, and Dowers do not pafs from him without

fpecial Words.

10 Co. 6^.

Dyer 350.

2 R. 3. f. 4.

41 EJ. 3. f. 5. 43 Ed. 3. f. 2z, I\*z. Quare irr.pedit, 31, 40. Fit*. Card. 44. 1

* \T7HEN our Lord the King giveth or granteth ‘ VV Land or a Manor with the Appurtenances, ‘ without he make exprefs Mention in his Deed or ‘ Writing of Knights Fees, Advowfon6 of Churches, ‘ and Dowers when they fall, belonging to fuch Ma-‘ nor or Land, then at this Day the King referyeth to

9UANDO domlnus Rex dat vel concedltali* quod manerium vel terram cum pertinentiis faciat in carta fua vel feripto expreflam men-tionem de feodis Militum advocationibus ecclefia-rum & dotibus cum acciderint ad predidta manc-ritun vel terram pertinentibus tunc hits diebus Rex 4	refervat

Stat. i. 183

Cotton MS. refervat fibi eadem feoda et advocationes cum do-tibus licet inter alias perfonas aliter fuerit obferva-tum.

c himfelf fuch Fees, Advowfons, and Dowers, albeit F!tz. Liver. 7,9. ‘ that among other Perfons it hath been obferved other- 2 RoU '51, c wife.’

CAP. XVI.

His Prerogative in having the Lands of Felons attainted.

IT EM Rex habebit omnia datalla dampnatorum felonum & fugitivorum ubicunque inventa fue-rint Et fi ipfi habeant liberum tenementum tunc illud ftatim capiatur in manum Regis et Rex habebit omnes exitus ejufdem per unum annum et unum diem & tenementum illud vaftabitur & de-ftruetur de domibus Zz gardinis bofcis & aliis qui-bufcunque ad predidtum tenementum pertinenti-bus exceptis hominibus quorundam privilegiato-rum inde per Regem & poltquam Rex habuerit annum & diem & vaftum tunc reddatur tenementum illud Capitalibus dominis feodi illius nifi prius fa-ciant finem pro anno die et vafto De confuetudine tamen dicitur quod poft annum & diem terre & te-nementa felonum Glouceftr’ redduntur & rever-tentur proximo Heredi cui debuerant defcendiffe fi fa£ta non fuifl'et felonia & in Kane’ in Gavelkynde the Fader to the Bough and the Sone to the Plough & ibidem omnes heredes mafeuli participant here-ditatem fimiliter omnes femine fet femme non participant cum mafeulis Et niulier poft mortem viri fui habetmedietatem pro dote fua et fi fornicetur in viduitate perdit totum vel fi fit defponfata viro.

ALS O the King fhall have the Goods of all Felons attainted, and Fugitives, wherefoever they * be found. (2) And if they have Freehold, then it e fhall be forthwith taken into the King’s Hands, and e the King fhall have all Profits of the fame by one e Year and one Day, and the Land fhall be wafted and e deftroyed in the Houfes, Woods, and Gardens, and ‘ in all Manner of Things belonging to the fame Land,

‘ excepting Men of certain Places privileged by the ‘ King therefore. (3) And after our Lord the King 9H. 3. flat. 1.

‘ hath had the Year, Day, and Wafte, then the Land c.n.

‘ fhall be reftored to the chief Lord of the fame Fee, c unlefs that he fine before with the King for the Year,

‘ the Day, and the Wafte. (4) Neverthelefs it isufed Cnftoms of ‘ in the County of Gloucejler by Cuftom, that after one GMucefter and ‘ Year and one Day the Lands and Tenements of Fe- e,lt*

‘ Ions fhall revert and be reftored to the next Heir, to ‘ whom it ought to have defeended if the Felony had ‘ not been done. And in Kent, in Gavelkind, (The'

‘ Father to the Bough, the Son to the Plough) (5) there Stamf. Preroj.

‘ all Heirs Males fhall divide their Inheritance, and 20•b-‘ likewife Women ; but Women fhall not make Par-‘ tition with Men. (6) And a Woman after the By 27 H, S. c.

* Death of her Hufband fhall be endowed of the Mole- -4- h,,t ‘ ty ; (7) and if fhe commit Fornication in her Wi- la"tarclm ‘ dowhood, or take an Hufband after, fhe fhall lofe her jufiicL’. " ^ * ‘ Dower.’

Modus faciendi Homagium & Fidelitatem, Anno 17 Edw. II. Stat, 2.

and Anno Dom. 1324.

How a Freeman fhall do his Homage, how his Fealty •, and a Villain’s Fealty.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

OU A N T fraunk homme fra hommage a fon feignur de qi il tient fon chief mefuage il tendra fes mains jointes perentre les mains ion Seignur & dirra iflint. Jeo deveigne voftre homme de ceo jour en avaunt de vie & de membre & de terren honor & foi vous porterei del tenement qe jeo clayme.tenir de vous fauve le foi qe jeo doi i noftre Seignur le Roi.

Et quant fraunk homme fra hommage a autre qe a fon chief Seignur & pur fimple tenement il tendra fes mains jointes perentre les mains fon Seignur & dirra iflint. Jeo deveigne voftre homme de ceo jour en avaunt & toi vous porterei del tenement qe jeo clayme tenir de vous fauve le foi qe jeo doy a noftre Seignur le Roi & a mesautres Seignurages.

Quant fraunk homme fra feaute il tendra fa main outre le livre et dirra iflint. Ceo oiez vous mon-fieur R. qe jeo vous ferrei foial et loial et foy vous porterei des tenementz qe jeo clayme de vous et loialment vous1 conufterei et loialment vous ferrei les cuftumes et les fervices qe faire doie as ter'mes affignez fi moy cide Dieux et les Seintz.

‘	a Freeman fhall do Homage to his Fit*. Grant, 9,

‘ \/%J Lord of whom he holdeth in chief, he fhall So, 83.

1	*	*	hold	his Hands together between the Hands P*12* C°nuf. Si.

‘ of his Lord, and fhall fay thus: I become your Man ‘ from this Day forth for Life, for Member, and for ‘ worldly Honour, and fall ozue you Faith for the Lands 1 that I hold of you, faving the Faith that I owe unto our ‘ Lord the King, and to mine other Lords.

‘ IT. When a Freeman fhall do Fealty to his Lord, F;tz. Avowry, ‘ he fhall hold his Right Hand upon a Book, and fhall 109,

‘ fay thus : Hear you my Lord R. that I P. fhall be to you ‘ both faithful and t• ue, and Jhall owe my Fidelity unto ‘ you for the Land that I hold of you, ana loo fully Jhall ‘ do fuel) Cujioms and' Services as my Duty is to. you at the ‘ Terms ajjigned. So help me God and all his Saints.-

5 IIL

St. 12 Car. S. ■£.24.

Tltz. Leet, 6. JFitz. Avowry, 37, So.

Dyer III.

Bro. Leer, 39.

30	H. 6. 7.

.41 Ed. 3. 26. ■45'Ed 3. 9.

31	H. 7. 15.

* AV in Orig.

f No: in Orig.

$ Not in Orig. 4 H. 6. 10,

21 Ed. 4. 22.

|| Not in Orig.

Dyer 233.

€ H. 7.4.

II H 7. Z2. Bro. Leet, 4.3. Brq.Coron. 175. Fitz. Avowry,

4 III. When a Villain fhall do Fealty unto his Lord, ‘‘ he fhall hold his Right Hand over the Book, and fhall ‘ fay thus : Hear you my Lord A. that 115. from this Day 4 forth unto you fall be true and faithful, and Jhall ovee 4 you Fealty for the Land that I hold, of you in Villenage, 4 and fall be juftificd by you in Body and Goods. So help 4 me God and all his Saints.’

Cotton MS.

Quant villein fra feaute a fon Seignur il tendra, fa main deftre outre le liver et dirra iffinL Ceo, oiez vous mon feignur R. qeje W. vous ferrei foial et loial et foi vous porterei del tenement qe jeo'de vous tien en villenage et qe jeo vous ferrei jufticia-ble'du corps et de chateux fr moy eide Dieux et les Seints.

I %

Statutum De terris Templariorum, made Anno 17 Edw. II. Stat. 3. and

Anno Dom. 1324. See Appendix.

Ape Statute for View of Frankpledge, made the, Eighteenth Tear of King Edward the Second, Anno Dom. 1325.

IRST, you fhall fay unto us by the Oath that you have made. If all the Jurors that owe Suit to this Court be come, and which not.

4 2. And if all the chief Pledges or * their Dozeins 4 be come, as they ought to come, and which not.

4 3. And - if all the Dozeins be in the Affife of our ‘ Lord the King, and which not, and who received 4 them.

‘ 4. And if there be any of the King’s Villains fugi-4 ti.vc dwelling otherwhere than in the King’s Demeans, 4 and of fucli as be within the King’s Demeans, and 4 have not abiden a Year and a Day.

‘ f 5. And if there be any of the Lords Villains in 4 Frankpledge otherwhere than in this Court.

x 6. Of Cuftoms and Services due to this Court ‘ withdrawn, how, and by whom, and in what Bailiff’s 4 Times

4 7. Of Purpreflures made in Lands, J TVoods, and 4 Waters to Annoyance.

4 8. Of Walls, Houfes, Dikes, and Hedges fet up 4 or beaten down to Annoyance.

4 9. Of Bounds withdrawn and taken away.

4 10. Of Ways and Paths opened or flopped.

4 11. Of Waters turned or flopped, or brought from 4 their right Courfe.

4 12. Of Breakers of Houfes, and of their Recei-4 vers.

4 || 13. Of common Thieves, and of their Receivers.

4 14. Of Petty Larons, as of Ge.fe, Hens, or Sheafs.

4 13. Of Thieves that fteal Clothes, or of Thieves 4 that do pilPer Clothes through Windows and Walls.

4 16. Of fuch as go in Meflage for Thieves.

4 17. Of Cries levied and not purfued.

4 18. Of Bloodfhed, and of Frays made.

4 19. Of Efcapes of Thieves or Felons.

4 20. Of Perfons outlawed returned, not having the 4 King’s Warrant.

4 21. Of Women ravifhed not prefented before the 4 Coroners.

4 22. Of Clippers and Forgers of Money.

4 23. Of Treafure found.

4 24. Of the Aflife of Bread and Ale broken.

4 23. Of falfe Meafures, as of Bufhels, Gallons, 1 Yards, and Ells.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

PRIMES vous nous dirrez per le ferement qe vous nous avez fait fi touz les feutours qi devent fuite a cefte Courte foient venuz come venir deivent Sc queux ne fount mie.

2. Et fi touz les chiefs plegges foient venuz come venir deivent Sc queux nemye.

3. Et fi touz de xii. annz foient en laffife noftre Seignur le Roi et queux ne fount mie Sc qi les re-ccite.

4..Et fil neit nul des villeins le Seignur futif aillours menaunt qen le demeigne le Roi.

5.	De ceux qi fount en les demeignes le Roi Sc nount mye demurre un an Sc un jour.

6.	Des cuftumes- & des fervices duez au cefte Courte fuftretes comment Sc per qi Sc en temps de quel baillif,

7.	De purpreflures faites en terres Sc en ewes a nufance.

8.	Des mures maifons haez fofles levez ou abatuz a nufance.

9.	Des boundes tretz Sc emportez.

10.	Des voies &des Sentes eftopez ou amenufez.

11.	Des ewes deftournez ou amenufez hors de lour droit cours.

12.	Des Brufours des mefons Sc de lour receit-tours.

14.	Des petitz Larouns come des howes galines Sc garbes.

15.	Des Larons qi fakent draps ou autres chofes parmi feneftres on parraies.

16.	De ceux qi vount en meflage des larouns.

17.	De huteis leve Sc nemie purfue.

18.	De faunk efpandu Sc plaie faite.

19.	De efehap de laroun & de feloun.

20.	Des utlagez repeirez faunz garaunt,

21.	De rape de femme qe neft mye prefente devaunt Coroners.

22.	De retoundours Sc de faufours de la monoye,

23.	De trefor trove.

24.	Daflife de pain & de fervois enfreinte.

25.	Des faux mefurcs come des buflelx galouns

verges aunes.	_

26. De

185

Cotton MS.

26. De Faux balaunces & de faux pois.

37 V, ceux qi bunt double rnefure h achatent pet le greinddur & vendent per le meindre.

2S. De ceux qi ailiduelment hauntent les taver-ncs & homme ne foit dount ils vivcnt.

29.	De ceux qi dorment les jours & veillent les nuiz et mangent bien et beivent bien etnount nul bien.

30.	Des dobbours des draps et des curreours des quirs aillours qen ville marchaunde.

31.	De ceux qi fuent a leglifes et per eux fen vount faunz faire qappent Sil ny eit nulle femme putiene per quoi le Seignur purra perdre.

32.	Etdes gentz emprifonez et puis leffez faunz garant.

33.	De ceux qi prenent columbes en iveer per laces ou per autre engine.

34.	De touz ceux nous faites affavoir per le fere-ment qe vous nous avez fait.

‘ 26. Of falfe Balances and Weights.

‘ 27. Of fuch as have double Meafure, and buy by * the great, and fell by the lefs. ■

‘ 28. Of fuch as continually haunt Taverns, and no ‘ Man knovveth whereon they do live.

‘ 29. Of fuch as fleep by Day and watch by Night *, ‘ and have nothing.

# Add and eat and drink ivcll, j

‘ 30. Of Cloth-fellers and Curriers of Leather dwel-‘ ling out of Merchant Towns.

‘ 31. Of fuch as flie into Church or Church-yard, .

‘ and after depart without doing that which belongeth ‘ thereunto.

‘ 32. Of Perfons imprifoned, and after let go with-* out Mainprize.

‘ 33. Of fuch as take Doves in Winter by Door-’ „ I01‘

‘ falls or Engines.	_

‘34. And of all thefe Things you fhall do us to 45 Ed. 3.’ f. s. ‘ wit, by the Oath you have taken.’	38	H.	6.	f.	7.

3H.7. f.4.

The Statute of Prifes made Anno 28 Ed. r, is here omitted, for that it is Word for Word contained in H- 7- f. 4°-the fecond.Chapter of Articulifuper Cbartas. Vet. Magn. Chart. 90. 2 Inft. 606.	io-Z'vt'Ki'y

l6r, 194, 111, 111. Fill. Barr. 271. Bro. Leet, 35, 36, 37, 3?, ;6,

Certain Statutes made during the Reigns of King Henry III. King Edw. I. or King Edw. II. but uncertain when, cr in which of their <Ti?nes.

Articles againft the King’s Prohibitions \

In what Cafes the King’s Prohibition fhall lie, and in what not.

‘ T T NDER what Form fhall Lay-men purchafe Prohibitions generally upon Tithes, Oblations, Ob-I ventions, redeeming of Penances, Mortuaries, violent Hands laying on a Clerk or Lay-brother,

‘	and in Cafes of Defamation, in which Cafes Spiritual Penance muft be enjoined ? The King

‘ anfwered to thefe Articles, That in Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, and Mortuaries, when they be ‘ pleaded as before is faid, the King’s Prohibition doth not lie.

‘ II. And if a Clerk or a Perfon Religious do fell his Corn being in his Barn, or other where, to

*	any Man for Money, if the Price thereof be demanded before a Spiritual Judge, the King’s Prohibition ‘ doth lie ; for by the Sale the Spiritual are become Temporal, and fo Tithes pals into Chatties.

‘ III. And if Debate hang in a Spiritual Court • for the Right of Tithes, having his Original from the

*	Right of the Patronage, and the Quantity of the fame Tithes do pafs the fourth Part of the Value of ‘ the Benefice, a Prohibition fhall lie.

‘ IV. Alfo if a Prelate enjoin Penance pecuniary to any Man for his Sin, if the Money be demanded bc-‘ fore Prelates, a Prohibition fhall lie.

‘ V. And if any lay violent Hands on a Clerk or Lay-brother, for the Peace broken Amends fhall be ‘ made before the King, and for the Excommunication before a Bifhop or Prelate.

‘ VI. And if a corporal Penance be enjoined, which the Offender will redeem by giving Money to the ‘ Prelate, or to the Party grieved, a Prohibition fhall not lie.

‘ VII. In Caufcs of Defamation, Prelates may freely correct, the King’s Prohibition notwithftanding,

‘ firfl enjoining a corporal Penance, which if the Party will redeem, the Prelate may lawfully receive the 9 E<1- *• flat- *• ‘Money, though the Prohibition be fhewcd.’	sJ'fanbr

50 Ed. 3. c, 4. and 1 II. §. flat. 1. c. 3,

1 This is a Tranfistion of the latter Part of the Statute CircumffeSe agatis. See before, Fol. 119.

VOL. 1.

Bb

An

i86	Temporibus	Henrici	III.	EDWARDique	I.	6c	II;	0*1—52

»

An Ordinance for Bakers, Brewers, and for other Victuallers j for

Ells, Buftiels, and Foreftallers^.

Regift, ong. leg.

CAP. I.

. Upon what only Caufe Afiife of Bread fhall be changed.

THE'Affie of Bread fliall be kept according as it is contained in the Writing of the Mar-flialfey of. our Lord the King delivered unto 4 them after the Sale 'of Wheat, that is to wit, the ‘ better, .the worfe, and the worft. ' (2) And as well ‘ WaftehBread, as other of what Sort foever they be, ‘ fhall be weighed according as it is faid of the Sale of 4 the meaner Wheat: (3) Neither fliall the A'flife or 4 Weight of Wheat be changed more than Six Pence 4 increafing or decreafmg, as it is in the Sale of the 4 Quarter.’

CAP.

E perantiquo MS.

AS SIS A panis fecundum quod continetur in feripto Marefcalcie Domini. Regis terieatur fecundum venditionem frumenti fcilicetme-lioris fecundi et tertii Et tarn waftelli quern alii panes ponderent cujufcunque generis funt ficut di&iim eft fupra in venditione frumenti et'tunc non mutetur. aftifa five pondus nifi per fex denarios crefcentes vel decrefcentes in quarterio frtimenti.

II.

For what Offence a Baker fhall be amerced, and for what fet on the Pillory.

A Baker, if his Bread be founden a Farthing •'Weight lacking’in Two {hillings fix pence, 4 or under, fhall be amerced; (2). and if it pafs the 4 fame Number, he fliall fuffer Puniftinient bf the Pil-4 lory, which fliall not be remitted to the Offender 4 either for Gold or Silver. (3) And every Baker fhall 4 have a Mark of his own for his Bread.’

Udftor fi inveniatur panis.fuus de quadrante-in 1 defedfu ponderis ii.s. yi.d. aut "infra amercie-tur'Et ft numerum ilium excedat lubeat judicium pillorie' et'nori remittetur judicium ‘delin’quenti pro auro neque pro argento Et quilibet piftor habeat proprium fignum fuper quodlibet genus panum fu-orum.	•	>

C A P. III.

Every Pillory fhall be of convenient Strength.

‘ Tj'V’ery Pillory or Stretch-neck muff: be made of 4 jQjf" convenient Strength, fo: that Execution maybe 4 done upon Offenders without Peril of their Bodies.’

Pllloria five colliftrigium et tumberellum continue habeantur debite fordtudinis ita quod ■delinquentes exeq’ui poffint judicium fine corporum peliculo.

CAP. IV.

Plow Toll at a Mill fliall be taken.

4 '"T*'HE Toll of a Mill fliall be taken according to 4 J. the Cuffom of the'Land, and according to the 4 Strength of the Water-courfe, either to the twentieth 4 or four and twentieth Corn, (z) And'the Meafure 4 whereby the Toll, m uft-be taken fliall be agreeable to 4 the King’s Meafure, and Toll fliall be taken by the 4 Rafe, and not by the Heap or C.antel. (3) And in ‘ cafe that the Ferrhors find the Millers their Necefla-4 ties, they fhall take nothing befides their due Toll; 4 and if they do othervvife, they fliall be grievoufly 4 punifhed,’

TOlnetum ad molendinum fecundum commu-nem confuetudinem regni et fecundum for-titudinem ctirfus aque capiatur vel ad vicefimum granum vel-ad vicefimum qunrterium grani. Et menfuraper .quam tolnetum debet capi lit concordat rnenfure'Domini Regis et capiatur tolnetum per rafum et michil cum cuniulo feu citntello Etli furiiarii inveniant molendinariis neceflaria fua ni; chil capiatur prefer debitum tolnetum Et fi aliter fecerint gravitcr puniantur.

C A P. V.

AS SIS A vini fecundum aflifam Domini Regis obfervetur fcilicet fextertium ad xii.'d. Et fi tabernarii exceflerint per majorem et ballivos hoftia claudantur et non pcimittantur vinum vendcre donee a Domino Rege licentiam obtinuerint.

* Add and they fhall not he permitted to fell IKine till they have obtained the King's Licence.

* This is in ihe Sccunda fan vtterum flatutcrum, and in all (he Englifh Editions,

4

Enforcedhye^'E.i. 4 nTHE Aflife of Wme fliall be kept, that is a n.c.it. “	Sextertium	at	Twelve Pence ; and if theTa-

Kepsaisd by u verners exceed the fame Affife, their Doors fliall be

aiJac.n.zS..,, ftutup*.,

CAP.

187

CAP. VI.

The Aflife of Ale lhall be according to the Price of Com.

:	1	i	•'	'I	‘	.	1	«	•	u

E perantiquo MS.

ASSISA cervifie fecundum venditionem bladi fftatuatur proclametur et obfervetur Et bracia-trix non accrefcat quadrantam in galone nifi pro xii. denarios. crefcentibus in quarterio brafei nec minuet quadrantem in galone nifi pro xii. denariis decrefcentibus in quarterio brafei Et que affifam cervifie fregerint primo fecundo et tertio amerci-entur .quarto fine redemptione habeant judicium tomberelli.

‘ r |’'HE Aflife of Ale fKall be affeffed, proclaimed,

*	X and kept according to the Price of the Corn

*	whereof the Malt is made, (z) And the Brewer {hall ‘ not increafe more in a Gallon, but according to the

* Rate of Six Pence rifing in a Quarter of Malt. (3)

* And if he break the Aflife, the firft, fecond, and

*	third Time, he fhall be amerced ; (4) but the fourth 23 H- *•

*	Time he fhall fuffer Judgment of the Pillory without ThePumfliment

✓ -r\ 1	•	«	-	mf	O	>	r»f Hreu-Pr: nf»

Kedemption. .

of Brewers of* fending.

c a; p., vii.

The Punifhment of a Butcher felling unwholefome Flefti.

CArnifex qui vendit carnes porcinas fuperfen-natas vel carnes mortiias de morina poftquam primo convidtus fuerit graviter amercietur fecundo convidlus patiatur judicium pillorie tertio incarce-retur et redimatur quarto abjuret villam et hoc idem fiat de cocis' tranfgrc'dientibus.

A Butcher that felleth Swines Flefh meazled, or

Flefh dead of the Murrain, * or that buyeth Flejh * Not in Orig. of Jews, and felleth the fame unto Chrijiians, after he {hall be convidl thereof, for the firft Time he {hall be grievoufly amerced, (2) the fecond Time he {Hall fufter Judgement of the Pillory, (3) and the third Time .he {hall be imprifoned and make Fine, and the fourth Time he {hall, forfwear the Town. And in this Manner {hall it be done f of all that offend in like f Of Corks Cafe.’ “	‘	‘	.	offending.

CAP. VIII.

Bulhels, Gallons, anti-Ells lhall be figned with the King’s Seal, and he that buyeth or felleth

with other fhall be amerced.

STandardum buffelli galonis et ulne figillo Dorn ni Regis ferreo fignentur diligenter et falvo cuftodiantur fub pena centum librarum Et nulla menfura fit in villa nifi menfure Domini Regis concordat fignoque communitatis ville fit fignata. Si-quis emat vel.vendat per menfuram- nonfignatam et per majorem et ballivos non examinatam graviter amercietur et omnes menfure ville majores Vel mi-nores bis in anno videantur et diligenter exammen-tur. Si quis autem convidlus fuerit cum dupljei menfura majore fcilicet ad emendum et minore ad vendendum tanquam falfarius incarcerctur et gra-viter puniatur. ~

‘ rlf~ HE Standard of Bufhels, Gallons, and Ells,

‘ a fhall be fealed with an Iron Seal of our Lord ‘ the King, and fafe kept, under the Pain of a Hun-‘ dred Pound.' (2) And no Meafure fhall be in any e Town unlefs it do agree with the King’s Meafure,

‘ and marked with the-Seal of the Shire Town. (3} If ‘ any do fell or buy by Meafures unfealed, and not ex-‘ amined by the Mayor or-Bailiffs, he {hall be grid-‘ voufly aniercedl (4) And all the'Meafures of every c Town, both great and fmall, {hall be viewed and c examined twice in the Year. (5) If any be conviiX c for a double Meafure, that js to wit, a greater for to c buy with, and a. fmall to fell with, he fhall he imprifoned for his Fa I {hood, and fhall be grievoufly nu- ^forced ar.i --ifhed.’

I1H.7.C.4, I3H.7.C.5.	See farther J ^Elix. c. II. 22 Car, 2. c. 8. 22 & 23 Cur. 2. c. ) 2. I Am, fat. 3. c. 13.

CAP. IX.

The Bufhel Standard, and Ells, fhall be kept by Mayors, Bailiffs, E?r. No Grain lhall be fold by the Heap or Cantle, but Oats, Malt, and Meal;

STandardum buffelli galonis et ulne et figna qui- ‘ '“I"'HE Standard Bufhels and Ells, fhall be in the bus menfure funt fignande fint fub cuftodiama- ‘	1 Cuftody of the Mayor and Bailiffs, and of fix

joris et ballivorum et fex legalium de villa jurato- ‘ lawful Perfons pf the fame Town being (worn, Serum coram quibus omnes menfure fignentur. Nul- ‘ fore whom all Meafures {hall be fealed. (t) No lum genus bladi vendatur per cumulum feu cantel- ‘ Manner of Grain {hall be fold by the. Heap or Can-lum preter avenam brafeum feu farinam,	‘	tie, except it be Oats, Malt, and Meal.’

Bb a

CAP.

C. io.

188	Temporibus	Hen.rici	III.	EDWARDique	I.	6c	II.

CAP. X.

No Foreftaller fhall be fuffered to dwell in any Town.

Set farther who it re horef alien, &c. and what

1 |TU T efpecially be it commanded on the Behalf 4 O of our Lord the King, that no Foreftaller be fuf-4 fered to dwell in any Town, which is an open Op-4 preflbr of poor People, and of all the Commonalty, c and an Enemy of the whole Shire and Country, which * for Greedinefs of his private Gain doth prevent 4 others in buying Grain, Fifh, Herring, or any other 4 Thing to be fold coming by Land or Water, op-4 prefling the Poor, and deceiving the Rich, which 4 carrieth away fuch Things, intending to fell them ‘ more dear; (2) the which come to Merchants Stran-4 gers that bring Merchandife, offering them to buy, ‘ and informing them that their Goods might be dearer ‘ fold than they intended to fell, and an whole Town ‘ ora Country is deceived by fuch Craft and Subtilty. ‘ (i) He that is convidt thereof, the firft Time fhall be ‘ amerced, and fhall lofe the Thing fo bought, and ‘ that according to the Cuftom and Ordinance of the 4 Town ; (4) he that is convidt the fecond Time fhall 4 have Judgement of the Pillory; (5) at the third 4 Time he (hall be imprifoned and make Fine; (6) the 4 fourth Time he fhall abjure the Town. And this 4 Judgement final I be given upon all Manner of Fore-4 ftallers, and likewife upon them that have given them 4 Counfel, Help, or Favour.’

, E per anti quo MS.	.

Q Recipue ex parte Domini Regis precipiatur t quod nullus foreftallarius patiatur in villa com-morari qui pauperum eft depreffor mahifefte. et to-tius communitatis et patrie publicus inimicus qut bladum pifees allec vel res quafeunque venales per terrain vel per aquam venientes obviando pre ceteris feftinant lucrum fitientes vitiofum pauperes op-primentes et divitiores decipimtes qui fie minus jufte illo qui eas portaverat multo carius vendere machinant qui mercatores extraneos cum rebus ve-nalibus venientes circumeunt offerentes fe venditioni rerum fuarum et fuggerentes eis quod bona fua carius vendere poterunt qtiam vendere propo-nebant et ficarte vel ingenio villam feducunt et patriam Unde primo corividtus graviter amercietur Secundo convidtus patiatur judicium pillorie Ter-tio incarceretur et redimatur Quarto abjuret villain Et hoc'idem fiat de forftallariis univerfis et fimiliter de hiis qui confilium auxilium vel favorem prefta-verint.

their Pumjhmekt it, 25 Ed. 3. flat. 4. c. 3.	27	Ed.	flat.	2.	c.	II.	5	Sf	6	Ed.	6.	c.	14.	and	13 Eliz. C. *5.

• Fcite avene. Sj qUis autem prefumat vendere farinam * ante fophifticatam vel aliquoalio modo fallacem primo graviter puniatur Secundo convidtus amittat totam farinam Tertio fubeat judicium pillorie Quarto abjuret villam.

Omnia predidta ftatuta firmiter ex parte Regis obferventur ita quod fi aliquis major vel minor.contra pre-didta ftatuta verbo confilio auxilio vel favore in aliquo venire prefumpferit tanquam mandatorum Domini Regis contemptor capiatur et imprifonetur nec a prifona deliberetur donee per mandatum Domini Regis et ejus breve expreffum deliberetur Et iftud ftatutum tradatur majori et ballivis et fex legalibus de villa juratis unacum ftandardis buffellis ulnis et petris Et cum necefle fuerit per illud poflint certiorari.

Statutum quod vocatur de Ragman de JuJlitiariis ajjignatis. See Appendix.

Confuetudines et udfftfa de Forefia five Articuli de Attachiamentis Fo~

refe. See Appendix.

Ftatutum Armorum ad Forniamenta. See Appendix.

Ftatutum de vifu terre, et ejfonio defervitio Domini Regis.	See Appendix*

Ftatutum de yuficiariis Ajfgnatis. See Appendix.

Compofitio

Temporibus Henrici III. EDWARDique I. & II.

189

Compofitio ulnarum et per tic arum. See Appendix.

»\ f * . : '

Statutum de brevi de inquifitionibus concedendo de terris ad manum mor-tuam ponendis. Anno 20 Edw. I. See Appendix.

Statutum de fudefmo. See Appendix.

Statutum de Cat all' Felonum. See Appendix.

Statutum pro tenentibus per legem Anglie. See Appendix.

Prohibitio format a de Statuto Articulorum Cleri. See Appendix.

Articuli et Sacrament a Minijlrorum Regis in itinere fufliciariorum.

See Appendix.

De Magnis afftfis & duellis. See Appendix.

De dimijfione [ feu divijione] denarioru?n.	See Appendix.

NOVA STATUTA.

Anno primo E D W A R D I III.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, the Seventh of March, in the Firjl Year of the Reign of the Noble King Edward the Third, St at. 1. in the Year of our Lord 1327.

A Confirmation of the Banilhment of Hugh Sp acer, the Father, and Hugh Spencer the Son.

See Appendix,

CAP. I.

None fhall be impeached which took Part with the King again ft his Father. See Apendix.

3

C A P;

Stat, 1

. Anno primo E.dward.i I:II.

A. D. 1327

. C. A P. II. , , V The Repeal of the Exile made void. See Appendix,

CAP. III.

The Executors of thofe that were wrongfully (lain (hall have Adlion to recover their Teftators Goods. (2) All Affurances made to the Rebels by Du refs (hall be void. See Appendix.

CAP. IV.

Trial of an Averment in a Writ of falfe Judgement.

Dyer 262#

34 h. 6. f. 41.

Fitz. Droit, 4Z. Fitz. Faux Judgment, 4, 1.3, 14, 19.

■Rcgift. r.5.

Co, 305,

52 li. 3. C.20. *

£ TTEM, It is accorded, ordained, and eftabliftied c A in Amendment of the Law, That When a Record ‘ cometh into the King’s Court by Writ of falfe Judge-‘ ment, in cafe where the Party alledgeth that the Re-‘ cord is otherwife than the Court doth record the ‘ fame, the Averment (hall be received of the good ‘ Country, and of them which were prefent in the ‘ Court when the Record was made, if they do come ‘ with others of the Country by the Sheriffs Return ; * (2) and if they come not, the Inqueft (hall be taken ‘ by the good Country.’	,	''	.	\ •„

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

AUxint eft acorde ordine & eftabli en amende-ment de la lei qe countre record de Court le quel record vient en la Court le'Roi par bref de faux juggement en cas ou la partie dift qe le record eft autre qe la Court ne recorde foit receu averement de bone pais Sc de ceux qe. furent prefentz en la Court quant le record fe fift fi tieux veignent ove les autres du pais par return de vifc’ & fils ne veignent foit lenquefte prife .par bone pays.

Read c, 19.

G A P.- V-

An Averment may be made againft falfe Returns of Bailiffs of Liberties.

13 Ed. 1. flat, 1. -*• 39*

<

c

c

i

c

(

c

r.

4

4

ITEM, It is provided and eftabliftied,. That from henceforth againft the falfe Returns of Bailiffs of Franchifes, .which have full Return of Writs, a Man (hall have Averment, and recover as well againft them as againft the King’s Sheriff, as well of too little Ifl'ues returned as in other Cafes, fo that it fall-eth not in Prejudice of the Lords, nor in the Blemifh of their Franchife ; (2) and that the Eftate of holy Church be always fayed. And that all the Punifti-ment fall only upon the Bailiff's, by Punifhment of their Bodies, if they have not whereof to anfwer.’

AUxint eft purveu & eftabli qe defore enavant countre faux return des bailliffs des fraun-chifes qe unt plein .retxmrn,d_es brefs _eit hpmme averement & recoverer auxicome devers le vifc’ le Roi auxibien de trop petit iflues retournez come en autre cas ifli qil ne chiete en prejudice des Seig-nours en .emblemiffement de lour Jraunchifes & qe leftat de feinte Eglife foit touz jours fauve. Et qe tot le puniflement foulement chiete fur,les baillifs par puniflement de lour corps fil neierit de quoi re-fpoundre. .

CAP. VI.

An Attaint will lie as well upon the Principal, as upon the Damages.

3"F.<F.	i.c.	3S.	‘	J TEM, It is provided, That for	the great Miff'S Ed>	3.C.	*7.	‘	chiefs. Damage, and Deftruftion	that hath hap-

‘ pened to divers Perfons, as well of holy Church, as 9 R. z.^c.V.’	1	°f other, by the falfe Oaths of Jurors in Writs of

tend fie 11 //. 7. 6 Trefpafs; (2) from henceforth a Writ of Attaint c. 2refz4. 19 c dial! be granted as well upon the Principal as upon 3-	z3	‘	the Damages in.a Writ of Trefpafs.	(3) And that

g	‘	the Chancellor which (ball be for the Time fhall have

firfan'bcl	e Power to grant fuch W rits	of Attaints, withoutfpeak-

Ijti'jr.ifi-iitawt!. ‘ ing therefore- to the King. (4) And in fuch and all ‘ other Cafes of Attaints, the Juftices fhall not let to ‘ take the Attaints for the Damages not paid.’

PUrveu eft enfement & eftabli qe pur lesgrauntz mefehefs damages & deftruddons de divers per-fons auxibien des gentz de feint Eglife come dau-tres qe fount avenuz par faux ferment des jurours en brefs de trefpafs qe defore bref de atteint foit graunte auxibien fur le principal come fur les damages en brefs de Trefpafs. Et qe le Chaunceller qi pur temps ferra eit poair de graunter dels brefs datteintes faunz parler au Roi. Et qe en tieu cas Sc en touz autres de atteinz les Juftices ne leflent pas de prendre les atteinz pur les damages nient paiez.

* Add 6 3.

CAP. VII.

Inquiry fhall be made of Gaolers, which by Durefs compel Pfifonefs £0 appeal.

*z & sj C.ir. 2. * T TEM, To efehew the Damage and DeftnuBiort c:	r,;<T1’V ‘ 1 that often doth happen by Sheriffs, Gaolers, and

for Tsfir Debt art * Kecp.rs of Prifons, within Franchife and without, mt to be kii d ‘ which have pained their Prifoners, and by fuch evil

together*	.	t

ET qe pur efehure malx damages &deftrudHonil qe fount avenuz par vifc’ gaolers gardein9 de9 prifons deinz fraunchiie Sc dehors qe unt peine prisons Sc par autre male voic deftreint & procure

adevenif

Stat. i

A. D. 1327.	Anno	primo	Edwardi III,

.191

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. adevenir appellours & appeller gents nient coupa-bles pur aver raunceouns des tieux appellez pur feute de 'prifone ou par autre caufe Juftic’del un Baunk & del autre Jufticez affignez aprendre af-fifes & gaoles delivrer enquergent par force de cefte eftatut des tieux deftreffes peines et procurementz et oient les pleintes de touz ceux qe pleindre fe voudront en tieu cas par bille et oient et terminent tieux pleintes auxibien a fuytc de partie come a la fute le Roi.

Means compel and procure them to become Appealers, and to appeal harmlefs and guiltlefs People, to the Intent to have Ranfom of fuch appealed Perfons, for fear of Imprifonment or other Caufe ; (?.) the Juf-tices of the one Bench and of the other, and Juftices of Affifs and Gaol-delivery, fhall by Force of this Statute enquire of fuch Compulfions, Punilhments, and Procurements, and hear the Complaints of all *3 ^ them that will complain in fuch Cafes by Bill, and r' 't4 IO" fhall hear and determine fuch Plaints,' as well at the flu Felony fir Suit of the Party, as at the King’s Suit.’	Gaoler	to	caufe

Prifoncr to be-come approver.

C A P. VIII.

How he (hall be ufed that is taken for any Offence in the Foreft. Bailment of him.

ET pur ceo qe plufours gentz fount defheritez reintz et deftruz par les fovereins gardeins de foreftes de cea Trente et de la et par les autres miniftres encouritte la fourme de la chartre de la Forefte et encountre la declaration qe le Roi Edward fiuz Roi Henry fift en la fourme fenfuift cell: afavoir ,ous voillioms et grantoms pur nous et pur noz heirs qe des trefpas faites en noz foreftes de vert et de venefon qe le forefters en qi baillifs tieux trefpas ferrount faites prefentent mefmes les trefpas a profehein Swainmot devant forefters ver-ders regardours et agiftours et autres miniftres de mefme la forefte et fur tieux prefentemenz devant les forefters verders regardours agiftours et autres miniftres avantditz par ferment auxibien des chiva-lers come dautres prodes homes et loiaux et nemy fufpecionous des parties veifinales et plus profeheins ou tieux trefpalTez ferrount iffint prefentez et ou la verite purra rneux et plus pleinement eftre enquife et tiele verite iffint enquilfe foient tieles prefente-mentz par commun alfent et acord de touz les miniftres avauntditz folempnement efforces et de lour feals enfeales. -Et ft en altre maner foit nul endite-ment fait foit deforemes pur nul tenu. Et pur ceo qe les Chiefs,gardeins des foreftes nont mye la dite fourme tenue jelqes en cea acorde eft ordene et eftabli qe deformes nul ne foit pris ne en prifone pur vert ne pur venefon fil ne foit trove en mein-oure ou en la fourme avauntdite endite et adonqe luy Idle le foverein gardein de la forefte a mein-prife jefqes al Eire de forefte faunz ren prendre pur la deliveraunce et ft le dit gardein faire ne voille eit bref en la Chauncellerie qe auncienment fuft ordene pur tieux enditez deftre a meinprife- jefqes en eir. Et ft le dit gardein apres le dit bref refeeu ne face tieux enditez faunz delai deliverer a meinprife faunz rien prendre donqes eit le pleintif bref en la Chauncellerie a vifeount datacher leutt gardein deftre devaunt le Roi a certein jour a refpon-dre pur quei il nad replevi celui.qeft enfi pris et le vifeount appellez les verders face deliverer celui qeft pris par bone meinprife en la prefence des verders et le nouns des mainparnours face liverer a mefmes les verders a refpoundre en eir devant jufticcs. Et ft1 le Chief gardein de ceo foit atteint foieiit agardez as pleintifs lour damages au treble & le dit gardein a

44 T T E	Whereas divers People be difinherited, 9 H- 3- &*<■*•

“ J. ranfomed, and undone, by the chief Keepers of c'pd‘,IIc’ *4,'

“ the Forefts on this fide Trent, and beyond, and by 3 44 other Minifters, againft the Form of the great “ Charter of the Foreft, and againft the Declaration “ made by King Edward, Son of King Henry, in 44 Form folloV.'ing : That is to fay. We will and grant “ for us and our Heirs, that for any Trefpafs done in 44 our Foreft of Vert and Venifon, that the Forefters “ in whofe Bailiwick fuch Trefpafs fhall be committed,

44 fhall prefent the fame Trefpafles at the next Swani-44 mote before the Forefters, V erders, Regarders, Agi-44 fters, and other Minifters of the fame Foreft; (2)

“ and upon fuch -Prefentment made before the faid “ Forefters, Verders, Regarders, and Agifters, and 44 other Minifters aforefaid, as well by the Oaths of “ Knights, as by other difcreet and lawful Men, and “ not fufpicious, of the Parties adjoining or near,

44 where fuch Offences fhall be fo prefented, and where 44 the Truth may belt and mod fully be enquired, and “ the Truth p:rfe£tly known, then fuch Prefentments 44 by the common Affent and Confent of all the faid “ Minifters fliall be folemnly written, and with their 44 'Seals enfealed. (3) And if any Indiftment be in any “ other Manner made, the fame fhall be -void. (4J 44 And therefore becaufe the chief Wardens of the Fo-“ refts have not obferved the fame Form Jiitherto,”

‘ it is agreed and ordained. That from henceforth no ‘ Man fnall be taken nor imprifoned for Vert or Veni-‘ fon, unlefs he be taken with the Maner, or elfe in-‘ dieted after the Form before fpecified ; (3) and then Cart! e.v 7S,

‘ the chief Warden of the Foreft fhall let him toMain-‘ prife till the Eyre of the Foreft, without any thing i taking for his Deliverance ; (6) and if the faid War- A Reiredy for _ ‘ den will not fo do, he fhall have a Writ out of the the Prifoncr, if ‘ Chancery, which hath been in old time ordained for *!'e

fuch Perfons indifted, to be at Mainprife till the Eyre.

‘ (7) And if fuch Warden, after he hath received .the r. 2. c. 4.

‘ Writ,-do not incontinently deliver fuch Persons in- nonefrallbtm-‘ difted to Mainprife, without taking any thing, then p’ijomd ly of- ^ ‘ the Plaintiff fhall have a Writ out of the Chancery to ‘ the Sheriff, to attach the faid Warden to be before ‘ the King at a certain Day, to aiifwer wherefore he Rcgifl. 80.

‘ bath not replevied him that is fo taken ; (8). and the ‘ Sheriff (the Verders being called to him) fliall de-‘ liver him that is fo taken, by .good Mainprife, in the ‘ Prefence of the Verders, and mall deliver the Names ,

’ ‘ of the Mainpernors to the fame Verders-to anfv/er ;in ‘ the Eyre'before the.Juftices. Ig) And if -the'chief ‘ Warden he .thereof attainted, the Plaintiffs fhall have 4 their treble Damages awarded them, and- the faid ■	'	-

4 Warden fhr.il be committed to Prifon, and ranfomed

t nt-

ig2

St at. r.	Anno	prime	Ed	ward	i	III*	A.	D.	1327.

■?

4 at the King’s Will. (10) And from henceforth it 4 fhall be written to them as to the chief Wardens of ‘ the Foreft, becaufe they may not be Juftices, nor ‘ have any Record but in the Eyre. Dated at Wtft-4 mwjlertht Seventh Day of M rcb, in the firft Year 4 of the Reign of the faid King Edward that now is.5

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. la prifone St reint a la volunte le Roi. Et defore-mes foit eferit a euxoome ales chiefs gardeins de la forefte pur ceo. qe-Junices ne devient il eftre ne record avoir forfqe en Eir. Don a Weftm’ le vti. jour de Marz lan du regne le dit Roi Edward qore eft primer.

• aajht.t. other Statutes made at Weftminfter the fame Firjl Year of Edw. III. *

a?id Anno Dom. 1327.

“ r-|~' O the Honour of God and of holy Church, “ I and to the Redrefs of the Oppreflions of the “	People,	King	Edward	the	Third,	at	his

“ Parliament holden at Wejlminjier after the Purifica-“ tion of our Lady, in the firft Year of his Reign, at “ the Requeft of the Commonalty of his Realm, by “ their Petition made before him and his Council in “ the Parliament, by Aftent of the Prelates, Eiarls, “ Barons, and other great Men aflembled at the faid “ Parliament, hath granted for him and his' Heirs for “ ever thefe Articles underwritten.’5

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. zg.

AL honeur de Dieu St de feint Eglife St en amendement des oppreflions du poeple le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Edward nlz au Roi Edward filz le Roi Henri a fon parlement qil tynt a Weftmonfter apres la fefte de la Purifica-ciori de noftre Dame lan de fon regne primer a la requefte de la .commune de fon Roialme par lor petitions mys devant luy & fon confeil en le dit parlement par aftent des Prelatz Countes Barons St autres grantz au dit. parlement aftemblez ad graunte pur luy St fes heires a toutz jours les articles fout-zeferitz.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft:. Perambulations of

Forefts.

: F

See 16 Car. t. c. c

16, for afrertain- < ing the Bounds cf Forejh.

IR S T, That the Great Charter of the Liberties, and the Charter of the Foreft be obferved and kept in every Article. (2) And that the Perambulations of the Foreft in time of King Edward, Grandfather to the King that now is, be from henceforth holden in the like Form as it was then riden and bounded; (t) and thereupon a Charter to be made to every Shire where it was riden and bounded.

(4)	And in fuch Places where it was not bounded, the King will that it fhall be bounded by good Men and lawful, and that a Charter be thereupon made as afore is faid.’

CAP.

N primes qe la grande chartre des Fraunchifes iiA & la chartre de la Forefte foient gardes en toutz les pointz. Et qe la puralee qe eftoitchi-vauche en temps le Roi Edward ael le Roi qor eft fe tiegne. en la forme qele eftoit chivachee St bundee e qe fur ceo foit chartre fait a chefcun countee ou ele fuft chi , ache. Et par la ou ele ne feuft my chivachee leRoi voet qe ele foit chivauche par bons St ioialx St qe. chartre fur ce foit faite come defus eft dit.

II.

How every Perfon may ufe his Woods within the Foreft. Seifingof Bifhops Temporalties.

4 T TEM, Every Man that hath any Wood within 4 I the Foreft may take Houfeboot and Heyboot in 4 his faid Wood, without being attached for the fame 4 by any Minifters of the Foreft, fo that he do the fame 4 by the View of the Forefters.’ 44 (2) And becaufe “ before this Time, in the Time of King Edward, 44 Father to the King that now is, the King, by evil “ Counfellors caufed to be feifed into his Hands the “ Temporalties of divers Bifhops, with all their Goods “ and Chatties therein found, without any Caufe, and 44 the fame held in his Hands by a long Seafon, and “ continually thereof took the Profits, to the great “ Damage of the fame Bifhops, Waftcs and Deftruc-“ tions of all their Caftles, Manors, Parks, and

Enforcedly 14 <c Woods,” ‘ the King will and granteth, That from

t. 3.3»5 Ed.^j. ‘ henceforth it fhall not be done.’

0*t. 5. c. 6. prohibits Purveyors from taking Timber in or about any Perfon's Iloufe,

1 If TEM qe chefcun homme qe eit boys deinz £ forefte poet prendre en fon boys demeigne 1 houfbote St heybote fanz eftre attache par miniftres de la forefte iflint qils le face par veue de forefters. I Et pur ce qe avant ces houres en temps le.Roi pier au Roi qore eft le Roy par malveys confeillers ianz caufe St areynement fift prendre en fa meyn les temporalites des divers Evefqes od toutz les biens St chateux en les dites temporalitees troveez St mefmes les temporalitees tynt en fa meyn par long temps St prift toutz les iftiies en mefmes le temps a grant damages des ditz Evefqes vaftz St deftrudftions de lour chafteux manoirs parks St boys le Roi graunt St voet qe ejeforemes ne foit fait.

CAP.

A.D< 1327,

Anno primo Edwa

gap. III.

King Edward the Second’s Pardon confirmed to the Jews and all others.3

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come le Rpi piere le Roi qore eft avant ces houres avoit. pardone a fon poeple iflues et amerci- EXP, mentz tanqe al an du regne fon piere vintifme et puis tieux iflues et amerciementz nient eyant regard a cel pardon ount efte levez a graunt damage de poeple Le Roi voet qe des iflues et amerciementz foit fait ce qe par fon dit piere fcuft autre foitz grante et qe les dettes des Jues foient pardonez.

CAP. IV.

The King’s Debts fhall be ftalled according to the Debtor’s Eftate.

ITEM pur eefe du poeple qi ad efte greve avant ces houres par outrage lever des dettes le Roi voet le Roi exp.

et grant qe le Treforer et Barouns de Lefcheker puiflent terminer et eftaller chefcuny dette due au Roi tanqe al fum de trois centz livres folonc leftate de les dettours fauve lour contenaunce. Et qils ne charge mye les.vifcountes baillifs des fraunchifes ne autres qe ount aconter a Lefcheker de nulle fumme lever de nuly I'll fe charge de tant come, il poet lever par fon ferment fanz abatement de la contenance del dettour mes feient les refpons des vifcontes.et autres tieux miniftres acceptez folonc les pointz de lor ferment.

CAP. V.

None (hall be compelled to.go to War out of the Shire where he dwelleth, but, &c.

ITEM le Roi voet qe deformes nul foit charge de foi armer autrement qil ne foleit en temps de fes aunceftres Roys dEngleterre Et qe nuls foient diftreintz daler hors de lour Countez ft non par caule de necellite de fodeyne venue des eftraunges enemys en Roialme & adonqes foit fait come ad efte fait avant ces houres pur defens du R.oialme.

Soldiers Wages Jhall begin. Enforced by 25 Ed, 3.. ftaf. 5. c, 8.

15'Car. 2. c. 4. 1 Ann. flat. 2. c. 23. 1 Geo, I* fiat.2. c. 14. 7 2,4. containing new Regulations of the Militia,

ITEM, The King will that no Man from henceforth fhall be charged to arm himfelf, otherwife than he was wont in the Time of his Progenitors Kings oC England \ (2) and that ho Man be compelled to go out of his Shire, but where Necfffity re-quireth, and fuddain coming of ftrange Enemies into the Realm ; and then it ftiall be done as hath been ,. ufed in Times paft for the Defence of the Realm.’ '	‘

Confirmed by 4 H. 4. c. 13. But fee farther J^Car,2. fiat. j. c. 6,	13 £? 14 Car. 2. c. 3.

Geo. 2. (. 23.	30	Geo,	2, c, 25.	31	Geo, z, c. 26,	32 Geo. 2, c, 20. and 33 Geo* 2. c. 2%

C A P. VI.

How Aid granted to. the King fhall be taxed.

ET pur ceo qe la commune de poeple ad fentu graunt e grevaunce de ceo qe quant ils gran-terent au Roi eyde de lour biens & certeins gentz ount efte aflignez de lour biens taxer et ceux tax-ours ount leve le taxe et de ceo renduz lor ac-counte a Lefchekier et les deneers paiez illoeqes certeins Juftices ount efte aflignez apres denquere fur lour faitz les queux Juftices ount pris raunceons et fyns des taxours et autres par colour de lour commifiions en grant oppreffion et empoveriflement de eux Le Roi voet qe defore foient taxez folonc lan-cicne m.inere et ne mye autrement.

C A

“ TTEM, Becaufe the Commons have felt great “ J. Grief, whereas they granted any Aid to the King “ of their Goods, and certain were afiigned to tax “ their Goods, and the Taxers have levied the fame “ Tax, anl yielded their Accompt for the fame at the te Exchequer, and there paid the Money; (z) Juftices “ have been afiigned after to inquire of their Doings,

“ which Juftices have taken Ranfoms and Fines of the “ Taxers and other, by colour of their Commifiions,

“ to the great Oppreffion and Impoverifhing of them ‘ (3) the King will. That from henceforth they fhall By a H. 4, r. 7, * be taxed after the old Manner, and not otherwife.’ rc.ejha1 befur.ee

charged for his Goods,

P. VII.

Who fhall pay the Wages to Conductors of Soldiers.

ENAment qe quant commifiions ount efte maundez as certeynes gentz des counteez darraier gentz darmes et de eux mener au Roi en Efcoz en Gafcoigne bu aillours a les courtages des Countees le Roi nad my ordene avant ces houres des gages des ditz arraiours et mefnours ne des gentz darmes queles ils ount mefne par quoi la commune des Countees ad efte grantement charge et enpoverie Le Roi voet qe mes re foit fait,

Voi. I,

ITEM, Whereas Commifiions have been awarded to certain People of Shires to prepare Men of Arms, and convey them to the King into Scotland or Gafccigni or el fe where, at the Charge of the Shires ;

(2) the King hath not before this Time given any Wages to the faid Preparers and Conveyors, nor Soldiers whom they have brought, whereby the Commons of the Counties have been at great Charge, and much impoverifhed ‘ (3) the King will that 18 E<,< "• it fhall be done Co no more.’	fig.z.c*7. when

Go	CAP	."***&•

*94-

Stat. 2

Anno prime Edwardi III,

A. D. 1327.

51H. 3. c. 11, 3 EJ. i. c. Z.

ilegifl, 464.

liegirt. 39, 4a. Raft. 487.

2 Co. 81.

Fitz. Quare im-peilir, 54.

£10, Alicaat. 34

17 Erf. s. flat. 1 c. 6.

CAP. VIII.

Nothing fhall be taken for Beaupleader.

“ T TEM, Whereas feme of the Realm have griev-“ J oufiy complained, that they be grieved by She-“ riffs, naming themfelves the King’s Approvers, “ which take Money by Extortion for Beaupleader;” ‘ the King will, That the Statute of Atarlebridge fhall ‘ be obferved and kept in this Point.’

Ex Rot. in Turf. Lond.

PU R ceo qe afcuns du Roialme fount greve-ment pleintz qils fount grevez par vifcountes qe fe fount nomer approvours le Roi qi pernent de-ners de eux par extorfion pur ce qds ne deyvent eftre achefonez de bel pleder devant eux Le Roi voet qe leftatut de Marleberge en cel poynt foi-t garde et tenutz.

CAP. IX.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of Cities and Boroughs.

1 YTEM, The King will, That Cities, Boroughs,

*	J and franchifed Towns, fhall enjoy their Fran-

*	chifes, Cufloms, and Ufages, as they ought and were

*	wont to do.’

AUxint voet le Roi qe les citee3 burghs et villes de franchifes eient leur franchifes ufages et franches cuftumes folonc ce qils deyvent avoir et foleyent.

CAP. X.

There fhall be no more Grants of Corodies at the King’s Requeft by Bifhops, Abbots, &V.

“ |TEM, Whereas Archbifhops, Bifhops, Abbots, “ 1 Priors, Abbeffes, and Prioreffes have been before “ this Time fore grieved by the King’s Requefts and 44 his Progenitors, which have defined them by great “ Threats, for their Clerks and other Servants, for “ great Penfions, Prebends, Churches, and Corodies, “ fo that they might nothing give nor do to fuch as had 44 done them Service, nor to their Friends, to their 44 great Charge and Damage;” ‘ (z) the King grant-

*	eth, That from henceforth he will no more fuch

*	Things ddire, but where he ought.’

ET pur ce qe Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbees- Pri-ours Dames de religion et autres ount efte avant ces houres grandement grevez par priers des Royes qe lor ont prie par grandes menaces pur lour Clerks et autres lor fervantz pur groffes empen-fions provendes Eglifes et Corodies iftint qils ne poeient rien doner ne faire a ceux qe lours avoient fervi ne a lor amys a grant charge et damage de eux Le Roi ne voet defore prier mes la ou il devera,.

CAP. XI.

No Suit fhall be made in the Spiritual Court againfi: Indiftors.

“ IT TEM, The Commons do grievoufiy complain, 44 il that when divers Perfons, as well Clerks as Lay “ People, have been indidted before Sheriffs in their “ Turns, and after by Inquefts procured, be delivered 44 before the Juftices ; (2) after their Deliverance they 44 do fue in the Spiritual Court againfi: fuch Indiftors, 44 furmifing againfi them that they have defamed them, 44 to the great Damage of the Indidbors, wherefore ma-“ ny People of the S lire be in Fear to indidb fuch Of-. “ fenders;” ‘ (3) the King will, That in fuch Cafe ‘ every Man that feeleth himfelf grieved thereby, fhall ‘ have a Prohibition formed in the Chancery upon his ‘ Cafe.’

AUxint plufours gentz font grevement pleyntz qe quant diverfes gentz auxibien clerks come lays ount efte enditez devant vifeontes en lour tours et puis par enquefte procure font deliverez devant Juftices et apres lor deliverance' fuient en court Creftlene devers les enditours enfurmettaunt eux qe eux lor ount diffame a graunt damage des ditz enditours par quoi plufours gentz des countees fe doutent plus denditer les malveys Le Roi voet qe en tieux cas chefcun qe fe fent greve eyt fur ce prohibition en Chauncellerie fourme en fon cas.

CAP. XII.

No Forfeiture, but a Fine fhall be made for Alienation of Lands holden of the King.

44 JJ TEM, Whereas divers People of the Realm 44 !L complain themfelves to be grieved, becaufe that 44 Lands and Tenements which be holden of the King “ in chief, and aliened without Licence, have been “ feifed heretofore into the King’s Hands, and holden “ as forfeit;” ‘ (2) the King fhall not hold them as 4 forfeit in fuch Cafe, but will and grant from hencc-4 forth of fuch Lands and Tenements fo aliened there 4 fhall be reafonable Fine taken in the Chancery by due 4 Procefs.’

POR ceo qe plufours gentz du roiafme fe pley-nent eftre grevez de ce qe terres et tenementz qe font tenutz en chief du Roi et alienez fanz fon conge ont efte pris avant ces houres en la meyn le Roi et tenutz come forfaitz Le Roi ne les tient mye come forfaitz en tieux cas Mes voet et grant qe deforemes des tieux terres et tenementz alienez loit renable fin pris en Chauncellerie par due pro-ces.

CAP.

AP- r327

Anno primo Edwardi III,

Stat. 2

*95

CAP. XIII.

Purchafing of Lands holden of the King as of fome Honour.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ET auxint come plufours gentz de people fe pleynent eftre grevez par refon des purchatz des terres et tenementz qe ount efte tenutz des aunceftres le Roi qore eft come des honurs et mefmes tieux tenementz ount efte pris en la meyn le Roi auxint come ils euflent efte tenutz en chief du Roi come de fa corone Le Roi voet qe mes ne foit homme cnchefone pur nul tiel purchace.

“ TTEM, Whereas divers have complained, that »8 H.6. f. u: “ X they be grieved by Reafon of purchaling of Lands H. 8. f. 9. “ and Tenements which have been holden of the “ King’s Progenitors that now is, as of Honours, and “ the fame Lands and Tenements have been taken in- 'ICo.3’	’	’

te to the King’s Hands, as though they had been holden

in chief of the King, as of his Crown ‘ (2) the 9	3-	*•

e King will. That from henceforth no Man be grieved ~ V , ,

‘ by any fuch Purchafe.’	TAa?X

CAP. XIV.

cr.d made ob}% by 12 Car. i. c. 24..

None fhall commit Maintenance.

ITEM pur ceo qe le Roi defire qe commun droit foit fait as toutz auxibien a povres come a .riches il comaund Sc defend qe nul defescon-feillors ne nul du fon Hoftel ne de fes autres mini-Ares ne nul grant de la terre par lui ne par autre par maundement des lettres ncn autre manere ne nul autre de roialme petit ne graunte nenparncnt de meyntener querels ne parties en pays en deftu'r-baunt la commune lei.

Ed, t. flat, 3. c. ir, 33 Ed. l.Jiat. 3. Enforced by 4 Ed. 3, c, II, &c> which farther enforces the Statutes againji Maintenance,

“ |TEM, Becaufe the King defireth that common Fitz. Bir. 15.

“ I Right be adminiftered to all Perfons, as well Raft. 119, 4!-, “ Poor as Rich ‘ he commandeth and defendeth, &c-‘ That none of his Counfcllors, nor of his Houfc, nor c none other of his Minifters, nor no great Man of c the Realm by himfelf, nor by other, by fending of c Letters, nor ctherwife, nor none other in this Land,

‘ great nor fmall, fhall take upon them to maintain Regift. iSt,

‘ Quarrels nor Parties in the Country, to the Let and S‘e3Ed- «• *. 23 ‘ Difturbance of the Common Law.’	R	,33.'	[3	~‘!• '•

pat. 1. c. 49. jS

20 Ed. 3. c. 4.	1	R,	1.	c.	4.	7	R.	2.	c.	15.	ar.d	32	H.	S.	c.	9. againji baying of Tulcst

CAP. XV.



None fhall be bound by Writing to come armed to the King, for that every Subje<5h is at his

Commandment.

ITEM come plufours gentz du roialme en temps le Roi piere lc Roi qore eft par fes falx Sc mal-veys confeillors ount efte mefne par durefee de eux lier par eferitz de venir au Roi a force Sc armes en chefcun temps qils furentmaundez fur peine de vie Sc de membre Sc dc quant qil purroient forfaire par force des queux eferitz plulours de la terre ount efte diverfement deftrutz Le Roi eyaunt regard qe tieux eferitz furent faits a delhonour du Roi deftcome chefcun ne feuft tenu du faire au Roi come a Seig-mur lige ceo qe a luy appendoit fanz eferit voet qe tieuz eferitz deformes ne foient faitz Sc qe ceux qe font faitz par la veue de Chanceller Sc Treforer foient monftrez au Roi Sc le Roi fra dampner ceux qe font faitz contre droit & refon.

“ T TEM, Whereas many in this Realm in the Time EXp. “ I of the King’s Father that now is, by Means of “ his falfc and evil Counfellors, have been excited by “ Dures, to bind themfelves by Writing, to come to “ the King with Force and Arms, whenfoever they “ fhould be fent for, upon Pain of Life and Limb,

“ and to forfeit all that ever they might forfeit; by “ virtue of which Writings divers of this Land have “ been often deftroyed‘ The King confidcring that ‘ fuch Writings were made to the King’s Difhonour, e fithence that every Man is bound to do to the King,

‘ as to his Liege Lord, all that pertaineth to him ‘ without any Manner of Writing; Willethj That ‘ from henceforth no fuch Writing be made : And that e fuch as be made, by the Sight of the Chancellor and c Trc afurer, fhall be {hewed to the King ; and the King ‘ fhall cr.ufe all fuch as be made againft Right and Rea-‘ fon, to be cancelled.’

CAP. XVI.

Who fhall be afligned Juftices and Keepers of the Peace.

ITEM pur la pees meultz garder & meyntener le Roi voetqen chefcun Counteeqebones gentz Sc loialx queux ne font mye meyntenours de jnal-veis baretz en pays foient affignez a la garde de la pees.

c TTE'M, For the better keeping and Maintenance 2 Infl. 17^ .

* X of the Peace, the King will. That in every Conn-	'S	*

‘ ty good Men and lawful, which be no Maintainors	a»j

‘ of Evil, or Barretors in the Country, fhul! be affign-	4Pd>

‘ ed to keep the Peace.’	•	ji.it'. 2*

34£d. 3. c. !• 12 Rich, z. c, IO. 13 Rich- z, ft at, 1. e. 7. 2 H. 5. fiat. 1. c. 4. iSH. 6-c. 11.	See farther for the 9jurlfir at'.:ns and Duty of

Feace 1 Ed. 4. c. 2. 1 R, 3. c, 3. %H. 7, c, 1. $H. 7. e, 12. 1 M. fat. a, c. 8. 1 & 2 P. & M. c. j 3. zof 3 V, £7 M. r. 10, 7 f/:c. 1. *. 3, i.c.12. 6 Geo. 1. f. 21. fee. 10. gGeo.i.c.'j. $Gco. z. c. iS 6? 19. 15 G;o. 2. c, 24. 16 Geo. 2, c. iS. 13 Gn>. 2. c. 2 3.	ZjGeo.z. c.z 6 jr,v^*

24 Geo. 2, c, 44 & 55. z6Geot 2. c, 14	27. 27 Geo, 2. c. 16 20. ard30 Geo. 2, c. 24.

Cc

C

A. D. 1327;

CAP. XVII.

Indictments in the Sheriffs Turn fhall be by Roll indented.

:2Co. 4.3.	<

4

4

4

4

4

C

4

4

(

jjEtl. 1. flat. 1. * c. 13. 1 £</. 4.

ITEM the King commandeth, That the Sheriffs and Bailiffs of Franc&ifes, and all other that do take Indictments in their Turns, orelfewhere, where Indiblments ought to be made, fhall take fuch In-dibtmenr by Roll indented, whereof the one Part fhall remain with the Indibtors, and the other Part with him that taketh the Inqueft; (2) fo that the Indidhnents fhall not be irnbezilled as they have been in Times paft, and fo that one of the Inqueft may fhew the one Part of the Indenture to the Juftices, when they come to make Deliverance.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM le Roi comaunde qe les vifeontes & bail-lifs des franchifes &toutz autresqeparnent enditementz a lor tourns ou aillours ou enditementz ferrountfaitzpreignenttieux enditementz par roule endente dount lune partie demoerge vers les endi-tours & lautre partie devers cely qi prendra len-quefte iffint qe les enditementz ne foient befeleez come avant ces houres ount efte & iffint qe un de lenquefte peut monflrer lune partie de lendenture a la Juftice quant il vendra pur la deliverance faire.

‘diamniTtaimin Memorandum quod ifta duo ftatuta precedentia miffa fuerunt in Hiberniam in forma patenti cum quodarrv

the sheriff's brevi inferius fequentia.

¥urns to be delivered to Juftices oft the Peace oft the fame County ; and fee ftarther XI H* 7. c. 15,

Statutes made at Northampton in trihus feptimanis Pafchkz, Anno

2 Edw. III. and Anno Dom. 1328.

u

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

OUR Lord King Edward the Third after the Conqueft, at his Parliament holden at Northampton, at the Three Weeks of Eafter, in the Second Year of his Reign, defiring that the Peace of his Land, and his Laws and Statutes ordained and ufed before this Time may be kept and maintained in all Points (2) to the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and to the common Profit of the People, (3) by Affent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and all the Commonalty faminoned to the fame Parliament, hath ordained and erb.blifhed in the faid Parliament thefe Things underwritten, in Form following.”	1

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 23b

N OSTRE Seign’ le Roi Edward Ic tierZ apres le conquefle a fon parlement tenuz a Northampton as trois femeins de Pr.fch Ian de fon regne fecund defiraunt qe la pees de fa terre & les leis & eflatuz avant ces heures ordenez & ufez foient gardez et meinter.uz en touz poyntz al honour de Dieuet de feinte eglife et a commune profit du poeple par affent des Prelatz Countes et Barom et autres grantz et tote la communalte du Roialmeau dit parlement fomons ordena ct eftablit en meifme le parlement les chofes foutheferites en la forme qe fenfuit.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft:.

4 TTIRST, That the Great Charter, and the Char- I T? N primes qe laGrante Chartre &la Chartrede c jjT‘ ter of the Foreft, be obferved in all Points.’ | JQ/ la. Forefte foient tenuz en touz pointz.

CAP. II.

In what Cafes only Pardon of Felony fhall be granted. Who fhall be Juftices of Affile, &V.

lr. what Cafes <c erly the King’s 44 Pardon /hall be « granted.	cc

Chart, de Pard.

j Salk. 4991	4

6 Ed. i. flat. i. 4 c. 9. 27 Ed- 1. c c. 4. Confirmed t by jo Ed. 3. ft at. 1. c. 2.	*

Enforced by 14	4

Ed. 3. HaX. l.

c. 1$.

Xegirt, 309.

ITEM, Whereas Offenders have been greatly encouraged, becaufe the Charters of Pardon have been fo eafily granted in Times paft, of Manflaugh-ters, Robberies, Felonies, and other T^refpaffes againft the Peace j” c (z) it is ordained and' enabled, That fuch Charter .fhall not be granted, but only where the King may do it by his Oath, that is to fay, where a Man flayeth another in his own Defence, or by Misfortune. (3) And alfo they have been encouraged, becaufe that the Juftices of Gaol-delivery, and of Oyer and Terminer, have been pro-

ENfement pur ceo qe meffefours ont efte efbau-ditz de ceo qe chartres de pardon ont efte ft jegerment grantees avant ces heures des homicides roberies felonies & autres trefpas countre la pees acorde eft & eftabli qe tiels chartres ne foient mes grantees forfqen cas ou le Roi le poet faire par fon ferment cell affavoxr en cas ou home tue autre loi defendant ou par infortune. Et auxint ont efte efbauditz de ceo qe Jufticeries as deliverances des

» Note-, The Writ here fpoken of is not to be found upon the Roll.

4

gaoles

A. D. 1328.

Anno fecundo Edwardi III,

C. 3,"4»	197

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond. gaoles procurez coantre forme de leftatut fait en temps le Roi Edward Ael noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft en quele eft contenuz qe Ies Juftices as af-fifes prendre affignez fils foient lais facent les deliverances et ft lun foit clerc & lautre lais qe le dit lais aflocie a lui un autre du pays facent la deliverance des gaols par quei acorde eft & eftabli qe tiels Jufticeries lie foient mes grantees countre la forme du dit eftatut & qe les aflifes atteintes & certifica-cions foient prifes devant les Juftices communement affignez qe foient bones gentz & loialx & coniflantz de la lei St nemie autres folonc la forme dun autre eftatut fait en temps meifme le Ael Et qe les oiers et terminers ne foient grantees forfque devant les Juftices de lun Baunk St de lautre ou les juftices errantz St ce pur led St orrible trefpas St de lefpe-ciale grace le Roi folonc forme de ftatut de ce or-dene en temps meifme le Ael 8t nemie autrement.

cerninr 'Juftices of JJjftfc 4 Ed. 3. c.t. 20 Ed. 3. c. 3 & 6.	6	R,	2,

I Geo. 1. c. 4,5. 2.1 Geo. 2. c. 1 n.fcfi. x.

‘ cured by great Men againft the Form of the Statute e made in the xxvii Tear of the Reign of King Ed-* ward, Grandfather to our Lord the King that now ‘ is, wherein is contained, that Juftices afligned to 4 take Aflifes, if they be Laymen, ftiall make Delive-4 ranee; and if the one be a Clerk, and the other a 4 Layman, that the Lay-judge, with another of the 4 Country aftociate to him, {hall deliver the Gaols:

4 (4) Wherefore it is enadhed, That fuch Juftices fhall	be

4 not be made, againft the Form of the faid Statute; (0	Af1"2

£ and that the Aflifes, Attaints, and Certifications be *"ry> ,ao ‘ 1 “ taken before the Juftices commonly afligned, which i- ej. i. flat. r. ■ fhould be good Men and lawful, having Knowledge c. 30. of the Law, and none other, after the Form of ano-ther Statute made in the Time of the faid King Ed- c-3’ 4‘ ward thefirft. (6) And that the Overs and Ter- To'whomOyers miners {hall not be granted but before Juftices of the ^Tinted one Bench or the other, or the Juftices Errants, and an(j for ^hat ’ that for great Hurt, or horrible Trefpaffes, and of caufe. the King’s fpecial Grace, after the Form of the Sta- Rcgift. 124,305.' tute thereof ordained in Time of the faid Grandfa-13El!-ther, and none otherwife.’	safari/.r con-

.5. ZR.t.e.z^ uit.z. c.il, zoR.z.c.z. 14//.6.C.3. 33 II. 8. c.

cap. ur.

No Man fhall come before the Juftices or go or ride armed.

ENfement acorde eft 8t eftabli qe nul grant ne petit de quele condition qil foit fauve les Ser- ’ jantz le Roi en la prefence le Roi St les Miniftres le Roi enfefantz execution des mandementz le, Roi ou 1 de lour office Sc ceux qi font en lour compaignies eidantz as ditz miniftres St auxint autri de fait darmes de pees St ce en lieux ou tielx faitz fe fer-ront foit ft hardi de venir devant les Juftices le Roi ou autres Miniftres le Roi enfefant lour office a force St armes ne force mefner en affrai de la pees ne de chivaucher ne daler arme ne de nuit ne de jour en faires marchees nen prefence des Juftices ne dautres Miniftres ne nule part aillours fur peins de perdre lour armures au Roi St de lour corps a la prifone ala volunte le Roi. Et qe Juftices le Roi en lour prefences vifeountes St autres Miniftres le Roi en lour baillies feignours des fraunchifes et lour baillifs en yceles et Meire et Baillifs des Citees et Burgs deinz meifmes les Citees et Burghs Burghal-dres coneftables et gardeins de la pees deinz lour

faides cient poair affaire execution de ceft acorde. it qe les Juftices affignez a lour venu en pais eient poair denquere coment tielx Miniftres et feignurs ont ufe lour office eh ce et de punir ceux qils trove-ront qi nount mie fait ce qe a lour office appent.

fTEM it is enacted, That no Man great nor fmall, ^°r of what Condition foever he be, except the King’s 5 ??• 71-Servants in his Prefence, and his Minifters in exe-3 cuting of the King’s Precepts, or of their Office, and fuch as be in their Company affifting them, and alfo * upon a Cry made for Arms to keep the Peace, and' «Thofeof Feati the fame in fuch Places where fuch Acts happen, be of Arms of fo hardy to come before the King’s Juftices, or other Pc3"" of the King’s Minifters doing their Office with Force and Arms, (2) nor bring no Force in affray of the Peace, (3) nor to go nor ride armed by Night nor by Day, in Fairs, Markets, nor in the Prefence of the Juftices or other Minifters, nor in no Part elfe-wbere, upon Pain to forfeit their Armour to the King, -and their Bodies to Prifon at the King’s Pleafure. (4)

And that the King’s Juftices in their Prefence, She-' riffs, and other Minifters in their Bailiwicks, Lords of Franchifcs, and their Bailiffs in the fame, and Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities and Boroughs, within-the fame Cities and Boroughs, and Borough-holders,

Conftables, and Wardens of the Peace within their Wards, fhall have Power to execute this A£lr. (5)

And that the Juftices alTigr.ed, at their coining down

into the Country, {hall have Power to enquire how

fuch Officers and Lords have exercifed their Offices

in this Cafe, and to punfth them whom they find 7 Ed. 1.'flat. 1.

that have not done that which pertained to their Of- ErfM"d by - R.

ftce<’	z-	c.	13.	ao	R.

2. C. I.-

CAP. IV.

A Confirmation of the Statute of Lincoln, concerning the Sufficiency of Sheriffs, &c:

ET pur ce qe la pees ne poet mie eftre bien garde fauntz bons miniftres come vifeountes baillifs & hvndreders qi deivent faire execution auxibien des privetez le Roi come dautres chofes tochantes le Roi & -fon poeple acorde eft & eftabli qe leftatut fait en temps le Roi Edward piere le

“ ITEM, Becaufe the Peace cannot be well kept “ .1 without good Minifters, as Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and “ Hundreders, which ought to do Execution as well of “ the King’s Privities as of other Things touching our “ Lord the King and hi's People;” ‘ (2) it is ordained ‘ and eftablifhed. That the Statute made in the Time

4 of

19-8	C. 5—7.

Anno fecundo Edwardi HI.

A. D. 1328.

oTA. 2. flat. 2, Stat. Lincoln.

m>bo foal I be

of King Edward, Father to the King that now is, at Lincoln, containing that Sheriffs, Hundreders, and Bailiffs (hall be of fuch People as have Lands in the fame Shires or Bailiwicks, fhall be obferved in all Points after the Form thereof'; (3) and that Sheriffs and Bailiffs of Fee fhall caufe their Counties and Bailiwicks to be kept by fitch as have Lands therein.’

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond.

R6i qore eft a Nicole contenant qe vifeontes hundreders & baillifs foient des gentz eantz terres en meifmes les countez ou baillies foit garde en touz pointz folonc la forme dycel & auxint qe les vif-countes & baillifs defee facent garder meifmes lour countez & baillies par gentz eantz terres en yceles.

Sbcrfffs, and of tubal Efatc they pall be. Seefarther 4 Ed. 3. c. 9.	5	Ed.	3.	c.	4.	13	14	Car.	2.	c.	21.

CAP. V.

The Manner how Writs fhall be delivered to the Sheriff to be executed.

*5 Ed. 1, (tat. j.£C T'TEM, Where it was ordained by the Statute of c‘ 39’	“	eL Wejlminfter the Second, that they which will de-

“ liver their Writs to the Sheriff, fhall deliver them tc in the full County, or in the Rere County, and that “ the Sheriff or Under Sheriff fhall thereupon make a “ Bill j” f (2) it is accorded and eftablifhed, That ‘ at what Time or Place in the County a Man doth ‘ deliver any Writ to the Sheriff or to the Under She-‘ riff, that they fhall receive the fame Writs, and ‘ make a Bill after the Form contained in the fame Sta-‘ tute, without taking any thing therefore. (3) And

*	if they refufe to make a Bill, others that be prefent ‘ fhall fet to their Seals ; (4) and if the Sheriff or Un-

*	der Sheriff do not return the faid Writs, they fhall ‘ be punifhed after the Form contained in the fame c Statute. (5) And alfo the Juftices of Aflifes fhall ‘ have Power to enquire thereof at every Man’s Com-‘ plaint, and to award Damages, as having refpedf to x the Delay, and to the Lofs and Peril that might hap-6 pen.’

CAP.

ENfement la ou ordeine eft par ftatut de Weft-monftre le fecund qe ceux qe liverer volent lour briefs as vifeountes les liverent en plein counte ou en rerecounte & qe vifeonte ou fouthvifeonte facent fur ce bille acorde eft & eftabli qe a quele heurc ou a queu lieu deinz le counte home livre a vifeountes ou a fouthvifeontes briefs qils les refeei-vent & facent bille en la forme contenue en le dit eftatut & ce fanz rien prendre. Et fils refufent de faire bille mettent autres lour fealx qi ferront pre-fentz & ft le vifeounte ou le fouthvilcounte ne re-torne mie les briefs foient puniz folonc la forme contenue en le dit eftatut. Et jademeins eient les Juftices as affifes prendre affignez poairdenquer de ce a chefcuny pleinte & de agarder damages eant regard au delai & a les pertes & perils qi purrount avenir.

VI.

Juftices fhall have Authority to punifh Breakers of the Peace.

13 Ed. i. flat. 2. c. 6. 1 Ed. 3. fat. 2. c. 16 X ce farther 4 Ed. 3. c. 2.	18	Ed

3. fiat. 2. c. 2. 34. Ed. 3. c. 1.

2	: R. 2- c. 10. 13 R. 2. fiat. 1. c. 7. 2II. c. flat. 1. c. 4. 18 //. 6. Call. I Ed. 4. f.2.1 R.3. f. 3.

3	//. y.c.s.

4	II. 7 C. J2.

5	Gen. 2. c. 18 C 27 Gee. 2, e. 16

c TTEM, As to the keeping of the Peace in Time ‘ JL to come, it is ordained and enabled, That the ‘ Statutes made in Time paft, with the Statute of ‘ Winchejler, ftiall be obferved and kept in every ‘ Point: (2) And where it is contained in the End of ‘ the faid Statute of Winchejler, that the Juftices af-c ftgned fliall have Power to enquire of Defaults, and ‘ to report to the King in his Parliament, * and the ‘ King to remedy it, which no Man hath yet feen, the ‘ fame Juftices fnall have Power to punifh the Dif-* obeyets and Reftfters.’

1 M. fat. 2. r. 8. 1 W 2 P. & M. e. 13. 2 & 3 P. &M. c. 13. 7 Jac. 1. c. ;. 21 Jae. t. e. 12. 6 Geo. j. c. 21. fee. 10. 9 Geo. 1. 07. 7 ti}. 15 Geo. z. c. 24.	16 Geo. 2. r. 18. jS Geo. 2. r. 20.	23	Geo.	2.	c. 26. fee. 1 r. 24 Geo. 2. c. 44 & 5 5. 26 Geo. 2, c. 14 27.

O 20. and 30 Gee. 2. c. 24. containing farther Ertruifiom concerning the Authority and E^ualifcations of fuficcs of the Peace.

# Not in the Original.

i . T quant a la garde de la pees en temps avenir Hy acorde eft & eftabli qe les eftatutz faites en temps paflez ovefqe leftatut de Wynceftre foier.t tenuz & gardez en touz pointz ajoufte au dit eftatut de Winceftre la ou contenue eft en la fin qe Juftices affignez eient poair denquere des defautes & des reporter au Roi cn parlement dont home nad pas veu ifiue qe les ditz Juftices affignez eient poair de punir les defobeiftantz & contrevenantz.

E

P,

CAP. VII.

Commiffions fliall be granted to certain Perfons to hear and determine Offences before committed, and to punifh the Offenders.

77 T quant au puniftement dc felonies roberies homicides trefpas & oppreffions du poeple faitz en temps ' ' pale acorde eft qe n oft re Scignur le Roi affigne Juftices en divers lieux de fa terre ove le Baunk le Roi par aillours come eftoit faite en temps de fon dit Ael des grantz de la terre qi font de grant poair ovcfqs afcuns des Juftices de lun Baunk ou de lautre ou autres fages dc la lei denquere auxibien a feute de partic come a la feute le Roi et doier & terminer totes maneres des felonies roberies homicides larcins oppreffions confpiracies & grevances faitz au poeple countrc la lei les eftatutz & la cuftume de la terre auxibien par miniftres le Roi come par autres qi qils foient & ce auxibien dedeinz fraunchifes come dehors. Lt au.vjnt denquere des vifeountes coronets foulhefchetours hundreders baillifs coneftables A touz autres

miniftres

A. D. 1328.

Anno fecundo Edwardi III.

C. 8—12.

*99

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

miniftres deinz franchife & dehors & lour fouthminiftres & doier St terminer a la feute le Roi & de partie. Et noftre Seignur le Roi & touz les grantz du Roialme en plein parlement ont empris de meintenir la pees garder Sc fauver les Juftices le Roi par la ou ils veignent & deider par eux & les leurs qe les juggementz Sc les executions ne foient pas areftuz ines executz & qe le meffefours ne ferront p.u eux covertz ne mein— tenuz en prive nen apert. Mes neft pas 1 attention du Roi ne de fon confeil qe par cefte aeord prejudice aveigne a les grantz de la terre eantz franchifes ne a la Citee de Loundres ne as autres Citees ne Burghs ne a-Cynkportz en droit de lour fraunchifes.

C A P. VIII.

No Commandment under the King’s Seal fhall difturb or delay Juftice;

Nfement acorde eft & eftabli qe mande ne foit

E_

par le grant feal ne par le petit feal a deftour-ber ou delayer commune droit & mefqe tielx man-dementz veignent qe pur tant les Juftices ne fur-fellent pas de faire droit en nul point.

c, 14. z$Ed.	5.	c.	4.	42	ft/. 3. c. 3. II R, 2. c.

4 T TEM it is accorded and eftablilhed, That-it fhall Reg;fl. ,£§. i7‘ 4 1 not be commanded by the great Sea! nor the little 9 H. 3. flat. 1.

4 Seal to difturb or delay common Right; (2) and c-29-4 though fueh Commandments do come, the Juftices Erf^cc<i h 4 fhall not therefore leave to do Right in any Point.’ Ed.^.'rui. 1.

. and 16 Car. 1. c, io. •which regulates the Privy Council, and takes aivay the Star Chamber,

CAP. IX.

All Staples fhall ceafe, and all Merchants may come in and go out with their Merchandifes.

ENfement eft acorde & eftabli qe les eftaples par decea & par dela ordeinez par les Rois en temps paffe & les peines fur ce ordeinees ceffent & qe touz marcharitz aliens et priveez peuffent aler et venir od lour marchandifes en Engleterre folonc la tenour de la Grante Chartre et qe fur ceo briefs foient mandez a touz les vifeontes dEngleterre et as meires et baillifs des bones villes ou meftier ferra.

zjEd. 3. ftat. 4. c. 2.	2	R.	2,	flat, i. c. I. iiR.z.

another by Retail, but ViBuah. And fee 12 H. 7, c. 6.

ITEM it is enacted, That the Staples beyond the'

Sea and on this Side, ordained'by Kings in Times paft, and the Pains thereupon provided, fhall ceafe;

(2) and that all Merchant Strangers and privy may go and come with their Merchandifes into England, 9	„

after the Tenor of the Great Charter, (3) and that c. -.9-Writs thereupon fhall be fent to all Sheriffs of Eng- Enforcedly land, and to Mayors and Bailiffs pf good Towns, 9 Ed- 3 where Need fhall require.’

ft.it. 1,

ftat.

c, 1. 14 Ed. 3 fiat. 2. c. 2.

c. 7-. Altered by 16 R. 2. c, I. •which refrains Merchant Strangers from felling any Merchandizes to concerning Merchant Adventurers.

C A P. X.

The King’s Pardon of Fines forfeited;

I? Nfement come le Roi Edward piere le Roi qore eft pardona a fon poeple amerciementz etiffues for- E x-p;

Is faitzjefqes al vintifme an du regne fon piere Ael le Roi quore eft le Roi pur ees de fon poeple ad par-done touz les fins qe ont efte faitz en Chauncellerie pur briefs avoir tanqe al vintifme an avantdit.

CAP. XI.

The common Bench fhall not be removed without Warning by Ajotirnment-.

1T pur ce qe par remuement du commune

ti* Bank les pleez bien fovent ont demore faunz jour a grant damage et en peril de defhcritance des plufeurs acorde eft et eftabli qe deforenavant les Juftices avant ce qe le Bank fe rerr.uera foient gar-niz par temps iffint queux peuffent ajorner les parties fi par temps qeles ne perdent mie lour proces.

44 TTEM, Whereas by removing of the common I2,h a. c q “ 1 " ...................................... -

Bench, the Pleas have oftentimes abiden without Dyer 225.

Day, to the great Hurt and Peril of Difherifon ofCr0’ Adjourn-44 Divers;” 4 (2) it is enabled, That from hence-J^'’2^’26’27-' 4 forth the Juftices before that the common Bench be au‘ zz'

4 removed, fhall be warned by a Time, fo that they 4 may adjourn the Parties by, fuch Time that they fhall.

4 not lofe their Procefs.’	*	7th	feems o

l‘c a rtAflukcn f?.’-

A IP -V-IT'	ferae.,	ihei c be.

^ A I. A.i.	_	irj	no	Statutes	in

Hundreds and Wapentakes fhall be annexed to Counties, and not let to Ferm.	^	'lc

ET come touz les eountez dEngleterre furent auneienement ailis a certeine ferme et adonqes furent touz les hundredz et les wapentakes en les meins des vifeountes aportionez a eele ferme et puis furont approwours mandez en divers contez ies queux encruftrent les fermes dafeuns hundredz st wapentakes et puis les Rois en divers temps ont

44 ¥ TEM, Whereas all the Counties in England were p;tz- pel;. 44 J. in old Time afiefled to a certain Ferm, and then ■

44 were all the. Hundreds and Wapentakes in the She- -44 riffs Hands rated to this Ferm ; (2) and after were •

44 Approvers fent into divers Counties, which did in- .

44 ereafe the Ferms of fome Hundreds and Wapentakes;

44 (3) and after, the Kings at divers Times have grant-

44 ed

200

C. 13—i£«

Skinner 41.

Anno fecundo Edwardi III.	A.	D.	1328.

44 ed to many Men Part of the fame Hundreds and “ Wapentakes for the old Ferms only; (4) and now “ late the Sheriffs be wholly charged of the Increafe, “ which amounteth to a great Sum, to the great Hurt “ of the People, and Difherifon of the Sheriffs and 4 their Heirs ‘ (5) It is ordained, That the Hun-dreds and Wapentakes let to Ferm by the King that 4 now is, be it for Term of Life or otherwife, which 4 were fometimes annexed to the Ferms of the Coun-‘ ties where the Sheriffs be charged, fhall be joined 4 again to the Counties ; (6) and that the Sheriffs and 4 their Heirs have Allowance for the Time that is paft; ‘ (7) and that from henceforth fuch Hundreds and 4 Wapentakes (hall not be given nor fevered from the Counties/

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond. grantez as divers gentz parties des hundredz et wapentakes pur les auncienes fermes tantfoulement et jatardeis les vifeountes font chargez entierment del encrees qe amount a grante fumme a grant damage du poeple et defheritance de vifeountes et de lour heirs acorde eft et eftabli ae des hundredz et wapentakes baillez a ferme par Ie Roi qore eft. foit il a terme de vie ou autrement qe aunciene-ment furent annex as fermes des countez ou les vifeontes font chargez foient rejointz as countez et qe de temps paffe eient.les vifeountes ou lour heires alowance et qe defore en avant teux wapentakes ne hundredz ne foient donez ne feverez des countez.

CAP. XIII.

EXE,

■ Procefs of Trefpais committed in the Time of King Edward the Second.

I? Nfement eft acorde et eftabli qe autiel proces foit fait des trefpas fait en temps le Roi Edward piere Ie Roi qore eft come de trefpas fait en temps le Roi qore eft.

CAP. XIV.

The Meafure and Aflfife of Clothes of Ray and of Colour.

m & ii will. 3. 7T Nfement eft acorde et eftabli par noftre Seignur le Rci et fon confeil qe de la feint Michel profehein ave-c, 20. tahstruiay My nir en avant touz les draps es lieux ou ils ferront mis a terre foient aunez par le auneour le Roi en pre-ittkep. fence des meire et baillifs ou meire y eft ou des baillifs ou meire ny eft de meifme les lieux ceft affavoir la longure de chefcun drap de raye par un cerd de fept aunes quatrefoitz mefure par le lift et la lature de ch'ef-cun drap de raye fis quarters et derni mefure par laune et de draps de colour la longure foit mefure par le dos .par un cord de fis aunes et demy quatrefoitz mefure et la lature fis quarters et demy mefure par laune fans defoler les draps. Et qe meire et baillifs ou-meire y eft ou baillifs ou meire neft pas des villes ou lieux ou les draps vendront foient preftz a lafiai faire quele heure qils foient requis par launeour faunz rien prendre des marchauntz et qe touZ les draps qe ferront trovez de la aite aftife foient merchez auxibien par meire et baillifs ou meire y eft 011 par baillifs ou meire neft pa’s come par.launeour et les draps qe ne ferront pas trovez de laffife avantdite foient forfaitz au Roi et prifez a la verreie value en prefence des ditz meire et baillifs et de-moergent devers launeour par endenture entre eux faite a refpondre des ditz draps iffint forfaitz au Roi et qe les ditz meire ct baillifs les endentures ifiint faites de tieux draps forfaitz facent livercr ehefcun an a Lefche-qer a lendemeyn de Seint Michel pur charger le dit auneour et a meifme le temps foit le dit auneour a Lef-Altcrelby 5 & 6 cheqer a refpondre des dites forfaitures. Et eft lentention noftre dit Seignur le Roi et de fon confeil qe ceft. Ed. 6. c.6. 4E? acord fe tiegne des draps qc vendront en la terre apres la dite fefte de Seint Michel et qe ceft acord foit

5-P. & M. c. 5. publie et crie par tout le Roialme iffint qe les marchauntz ne privez neftraungcz foient fuppris par meifme 43 F.l. c. jo. lacord.

.4 Jac. 1, c. 2.

CAP. XV.

No Perfon fhall keep a Fair longer than he ought to do.

4 T TEM it is eftablifhed, That it fhall be commnnd-4 i cd to all the Sheriffs of England and elfcwhere, 4 where Need fhall require, to cry and publifh within 4 Liberties and without, that all the Lords which have 4 Fairs, be it for yielding certain Ferm for the fame to 4 the King, or otherwife, fhall hold the fame for the 4 Time that they ought to hold it, and no longer; that 4 is to fay, fuch as have them by the King’s Charter 4 granted them, for the Time limited by the faid Char-4 ters; (2) and alfo they that have them without Char-4 ter, for the Time that they ought to hold them of 4 Right, (t) And that every Lord at the Beginning 4 of his Fair fhall there do cry and publifh how long 4 the Fair fhall endure, to the Intent that Merchants 4 (hall not be at the fame Fairs over the Time fo pub-4 liftied, upon Pain to be gricvoufly pimifhed towards 4 the King. (4) Nor the faid Lords fhall not hold 4 them over the due Time upon Pain to foife the Fairs

ENfement eft acorde et eftabli qe maundefoita touz les vifeountes dEngleterre et par aillours ou meftier ferra a crier et publier deinz fraunchifes et dehors qe touz les Seignurs qe feires ount foit il pur certeine ferme ent rendant au Roi ou autrement les tiegnent pur le temps qils deveront et ne mie outre ceft affavoir ceux qi les ount par chartres des Rois pur les temps a eux grauntez par les dites chartres et ceux qi les ount fanz chartre pur temps cjueux ils les devent tenir dc droit. Et qe chefcun Seignur au comencement de fa feire face crier et publier en ycele come longement fa feire fe tendra iffint qe les niarchantz ne feeffent es dites feires outre le temps iffint publiez fur peine deftre greve-ment puniz devers ie Roi. Ne qc les ditz Scig-nurs outre le droitz temps les tiegnent fur peine aprendre les feires en la meyn le Roi a demorcr tanqils cient fait fin au Roi pur le trefpas apres ceo

V

C. i63 17

201

Anno fecundo Edward 1 III,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. qe trove ferra duement qe Ies Seignurs les ount te-nuz plus longement qils deveront ou qe les mar-chauniz ount" fis outre le temps iffintpubliez et criez.

•c into the King's Hands, there to remain till they have ‘ made a Fine to the King for the Offence, after it be ‘ duly found, that the Lords held the fame Fairs longer ‘ than they ought, or that the Merchants have fitten EnfarccJhy 5 Ed, ‘ above the Time fo cried and publifhed.’	3-	c	5‘

CAP. XVI.

Nifi Prhis may be granted as well at the Tenants Suit as the Demandants:

ET come en un eftatut fait a Everwyk en temps le piere noftre Seignur leRoi qore eft foitcon-tenuz qe les enqucftes & jurces qe font & ferront aprendre qe ne font ihie de grant exadrinement foient prifes devantun Juftice de la place ou la plee eft affocie a lui un prodhome du pais chivaler ou autre iffint qe certein jour foit doneen Bank & cer-tein jour lieu en pais en prefence de parties ft le demandant le prie & auxint les enqueftes & jurecs cn plee de terre qe demandent grant examincment foient prifes en pais en la forme fufditedevant -deux Juftices du Bank acorde eft & eftabli qe totes tiels enqueftes qe font ou en temps avenir a prendre ferront en plee de .terre foient prifes auxibien a la priere le tenant come le demandant toutlautrepro-cesacorde en le die ftatut entieu cas fauve & garde.

See 14 EJ. 3. flat. I. c. 16. Jea. s.

Fcr farther Kegalathns concerning Nip Prim,

ITEM, Whereas in a Statute made at York, in the Time of the Father of our Lord the King that now.is, it is contained that Inquefts and Juries, which be and fhall be hereafter taken, requiring no great Examination, lhall be taken before one Juftice Of the Place where the Plea is, adjoining to him one difereet Man of the Country, Knight or, other, fo that a certain Day be given in the Bench, and a cer-; * tain Day and Place in the Country, in the Prefence of the Parties, if the Demandant pray the fame ;

(2) and alfo the Inquefts and Juries in Plea of Land, which require great Examination, lhall be taken in the Country in the faid Form before two Juftices of the Bench:” ‘ (3) It is acorded and enadted, That all fuch Inquefts which are, or in Time to come lhall be taken, in Plea of Land, fhall be taken as well at the Requeftof the Tenant as the Demandant;

(4) all other Procefs according to the faid Statutc in fe-'crJ^f^'.FeT‘ fuch Cafe faved and kept’

fee 14. H. 6. c. 1. 35tf.8.«,6. tZ Elix. c. iz. iz Gen. 1. c. 31. flm/24 Geo. 2. c. iS»

CAP. XVII.

A Writ of Deceit fhall be maintainable in Cafe of Garnilhment in Plea of Land.

AUxint eft acorde & eftabli qe brief de Deceit foit mcintenu & lieu tiegne auxibien en cas de garniflement qe touche pice de terre ou tieu garniflement eft done come en cas de fomons en plee de terre.

‘ T T EM it is enadted. That a Writ of Deceit lhall ‘ 1 be maintainable, and hold Place, as well in the ‘ Cafe of Garnifhment touching Plea of Land, where ‘ fuch Garnifhment is given, as in cafe of Summons ‘ in Plea of Land. Dated at Northampton

REX vicecomiti Northamptonie falutem. Quoddam ftatutum per nos et confilium noftrum in pleno parliamento noftro apud Northampton convocatO ad emendationem ftatus populi regni noftri editum figillo noftro confignatum tibi mittimus mandantes quod ftatutum illud et omnes articulos in eo contentos in pleno comitatu tuo et in civitatibus burgis villis mercatoriis et aliis loeis in ballivatua ubi expedite videris tam infra libertates quam extra legi et publice proclamari et ofcfervari facias. T. R. apud Northampton xxii. ■die Junii.

Eodem modo mandatum eflJingitHs vicecomitibus per Angliam.

Memorandum quod /findJlatutum mijfum.fu.it in Hiberniam in formapatenti cum quodatn brevi inferius fequentu

Statutes made at Weftminfter, 27 Novemb\ Anno 4 Edvv. III. & Anno

Dom. 1330.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. i f

AU parlement fomons a Weftmonftierle Lundy profeheyn apres le feftc de Seinte Kate-rine lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi Edward tierz apres le conqucft quart Si font les cho-fes foutzeferiptez a la requefte de la communalte affentuz & acordeZ par noftre Seignur le Roi Pre-iatz Countes Barons h autres grantz de mefme le parlement les queux chofes noftre Seignur le Roi voet qen touz les counteez de Engleterre foient niandez a publier & fermement garder.

Vox.. I,

“ A T the Parliament fummoned at Weftminfter the “	Monday	next	after the Feaft of St. Katherine,

“ ^ in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King “ EDWARD the Third after the Conqueft, thefe Things " underwritten, at the Requeft of the Commons, be “ eftablifhed and enafted by our Lord the King, his “ Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and other of the fame “ Parliament; which Things our Lord the Kirwwill “ to be publifhed, and furely obferved in all his Coun-“ ties of England

D d	CAP.

2.0 2,

4 Tnft. i6S,

Enforced by

20Ed. 3. c. 6.

3 Ed. 3- flat. 2* c. 16.

Enforced by i3 Ed. 3.

3. * c. 2. 34 Ed. 3. c. 1. 13 R. 2. ftatvi. c. 7. ConcerningJufm tices of si fifty fee farther 6 JR. 2. « 5.

8 R. 2. f. 2.

31	X. 2. r. it*

37 /?. 2. c. io» 20 -K. 2. f. 3.

34 H. 6. c. 3.

33 // 8 c. 24.

3 G^o. 1. c- 45*

32	Geo. 2.	27.

tf/rj 21 G«>. 2. r. iz.fefl. I*

#5Vc? likewife for the Qualification* and Duty of Juft tices of the Peace, 32 /?• 2. C. IO.

2 £? 3 P.& M. c j8 Geo. 2. f. 20.

* Read fiat. 2

2 Bulft. 38.

Enforced by 25Ed. 3. flat. 5, r, i« 36 Ed. 3. c. 2. 12 Car. 2. e. 24* tales away Purveyance*

^1—3.	Anno	quarto	Ed	ward 1 III.	A.	D.	1330.

CAP. I.

.	A	Confirmation	of	Statutes.

4 THIRST it is accorded. That the Great Charter,

‘ J? and the Charter of the Foreft, and all other Sta-‘ tutes made as well in the Time of the King’s Pro-‘ genitors, as in the King’s Time that now is, be kept ‘ and maintained in all Points.’

1	C	A	P.

The Authority of Juftices of Afiife,

ITE M it is ordained, That good and difereet Per-fons, other than of the Places, if they may be ‘ found fufficient, fhall be affigned in all the Shires of ‘ England, to take Affifes, Juries, and Certifications,

‘ and to deliver the Gaols; (2) and that the faid Ju-‘ ftices fhalltake the Affifes, Juries, and Certifications,

‘ and deliver the Gaols, at the leaft three Times a ‘ Year, and more often, if need be. (3) Alfo there ‘ fhall be affigned good and lawful Men in every Coun-‘ ty to keep the Peace. (4) And at the Time of the ‘ Affignments, Mention fhall be made that fuch as ‘ flaall be indidted or taken by the faid Keepers of the ‘ Peace, fhall not be let to Mainprife by the Sheriffs,

‘ nor by none other Minifters, if they be not main-* pernable by the Law; (5).nor that fuch as fhall be ‘ indidted, fhall not be delivered but at the common ‘ Law. (6) And the Juftices affigned to deliver the ‘ Gaols final 1 have Power to deliver the fame Gaols of 4 thofe that fhall be indidted before the Keepers of the ‘ Peace; (7) and that the faid Keepers fhall fend their c Indidhnents before the Juftices, and t-hey fhall have: ‘ Power to enquire of Sheriffs, Gaolers, and other,-‘ in whofe Ward fuch indidted Perfons fhall be, if they ‘ make Deliverance, or let to Mainprize any fo in-. ‘ didted, which be not mainpernable, and to punifh the ‘ faid Sheriffs, Gaolers, and others, if they do any ‘ Thing againft this Adi.’ ,

2 H. 5.flat. 1. Ci 4>	38 H.6. c. 11, j Ed. 4. c. 1. 1 R. 3. c. 3.

.30.	1 Jac. i.c. 5.	21 Jctc% i« q, 12*	6	Geo,	I.	c.	21.	fee. 30. 9 Geo.

33 Geo, 2, c.l&.ftc. II, 2^ Geo. 2, c. 44	55,	26 Geo. 2, c. 14 & 27,

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

A Deprimes acorde eft qe la Grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte St les eftatuz faitz en temps des progenitours noftre Seignurle Roi &au-xint en fon temps demeigne foient gardez & meyn-tenuz en touz pointz.

II.

Gaol-delivery, and of the Peace.

ENfement eft acorde qe bones gentz & fages autres qe des places ft homes les puifle trover fuffifantz foient affignez en touz les countees dEn-gleterre a prendre les affifes jureez & certifications & a deliverer les gaoles et qe les ditz Juftices prei-gnent les affifes jureez et certifications et deliverent les gaoles au meyns troiz foitz par an et plus fo-vent ft meftier ferra. Et foient auxint affignez bones gentz et loialx en chefcun countee a garder la pees. Et foit fait mention es ditz affignementz qe ceux qi ferront enditez ou pris par ies ditz gar-deins ne foient pas leffez au meynprife pas les vif-countes ne parnul autre fils ne foyent meynperna-bles par la lei ne qe tieux enditez ne foient delive-rez forqea la commune lei. Et eient les juftices affignez a la deliverance des gaoles poair a deliverer-les gaoles de ceux qi ferront enditez devant les gardeins de la pees et qe les ditz gardeins mandent1 devant les ditz Juftices lour enditementz et eient les ditz Juftices poair denquere fur vifeountes gaolers et autres en qi garde tieux enditez ferront fils facent deliverance ou leffent a meynprife nulles iffint enditez qi ne font mie meynpernables et de-punir les ditz vifeountes gaolers et autres fils facent riens contre ceft acord.	,	,	.

7* c. I. 4/f. 7. r, 12.	1 M.Jlat. z. c.S. I £f 2 P. S’ M. c. 13C

i. c. 7.	5Geo. 2. c. 18 £f 19. is Geo. 2. c. 24.	16 Gee. z. c.

27 Geo, 2. c, j6 & 20. and 30 Geo. 2. 0 24.

III.

Purveyors for the King, Queen, and their Children, and what they may da.

ITEM pur ceo qe le poeple ad efte moult greve de ceo qe les bleds feyn beftaill & autre manere de vitailles & biens des gentz de mefme le poeple ont efte pris einz ces houres auxibien par les parnours & purveours del Hoftielle Roi come par autres dont nul paiement ad efte fait de ceo auxint qe les parveours Si parnours des bledz par loftiel le Roi la Reigne St de lour enfantz ont pris les bledz a meyndre value oils ont valuz St auxint ont pris xxv. quarters des bledz pur xx. quarters pur ceo qils ont melure chefcun Dufhell a coumble & auxint les purveours St parnours de feyn & de litere pur mefmes les Hoftiels ont fait einz ces houres lour gettez de feyn St de litere a lour voluntez affeant chefcun gette a un made par la ou le gette ad valu deux deners ou trois St auxint on affis les charettes de feyn & de litere a meyndre pris qeles ont valu Si eft acorde qe nul grant ne petit de quel eftat ou condition qil foit forpris les parnours & purveours pur les Flofticls du Roi la Roigne fa compaigne & de lour enfantz ne preigne bledz feyn littere beftaill ne vitailles ne autres biens ne, chateux de nully ne cariage face contre la volunte de ccux as queux tieux biens ou cariages ferront et qe les parnours & purveours des bledz pur les ditz Hoftiels les preignent par mefure rafe fclonc ceo qe home ufe parmy le roialme et qe touz les bledz feyn littere beftaill & totes autres vitailles St chofes quecunqes qe font aprendre pur mefmes les Hoftiels foient defore prifes a la verroie value par coneftablcs St autres bones gentz des villes .ou tieles prifes fie ferrount fanz ceo qe par manacc ou dureicc foient le prifours chaces amettre autre pris qe lour ferement ne voet et 4	qe

A.D. 1330.

Asno quarto Edward 1 III.

C. 4—-8.

203

Ex Rot. hi.Turr. Lond.

je des totes chofes qe ferront prifes pur mefines ]es Hoftiels du Roi la Roigne fa compaigne et de lour en- t35a"' *• ;antz paiement foit fait avantceo qele Roi pafle hors de la verge.	i^Car.'z.

*Tbcfe two lajl Statutes fufycnd the 12 Car, 2. in favour of the King's royal Progrejjes, and of his Navy and Ordnance. Sec tikewife the yearly Mu dry APIs,

CAP. IV.

A Confirmation of the Statute 28 Edw. 1. Slat. 3. c. 2. touching Purveyors.

ET auxint eft acorde qc le article contenu en un eftatut fait en temps le Roi Edward Ael noftre Seig- uCar. z. c. Z4.

nur le Roi qore eft ceft aflavoir lan de fon regne vynt & oitifme tochant tieles prifes foit garde meyn- lcils “™ay tenu en touz pointz la fourme de quel article fenfuyt en lcs paroles foutzefcriptes : [Then follows the Statute

28 Edw. 11 ft. 3* O. 2. t:	eel	9 '	.	fctegoipgChoftcr.

CAP. V.

The King's Pardon of certain Fines, and allb of fome Money granted to him.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roi de fa bone grace ad pardone as Chivalers & as touz autres de fon Roialme E x touz les fynes nadgairs faites a Jui par caufc deftre defporte de lour aler eri Gafcoigne & auxint le graunt qe eftoit fait par les chivalers des counteez de chefcune ville un homme arme &■ le graunt par les citefeyns & burgeis pur les citeez & burghs au parlement de Wynceftr’. Et voet noftre Seignur le Roi qe les reconifances faites par cele enchefun foient anientiz & dampnez et qe les ditz chivalers ne les geniz des villes citees ne burghs ne foient defore par caufe des ditz grauntz chargez einz de tout quites iffint tote-foitz qe par enchefon du dite pardon ils foient les plus preftes & de meillour volunte a faire covenable eide gu Roi qant il le demandera ou en avera afaire.

CAP. VI.

The Statute made at Carlijle, Anno 35 Edw. 1. Slat. 1. touching Religious Perfons, confirmed.

ITEM eft acorde qe leftatut nadgairs fait et af-ferme aKardoii ceftaftaverqe les religioufes ne facent apport outre meer foit meyntenu garde et te-»u en touz .pointz.

‘ ITEM it is accorded, that the Statute late made ‘. JL and affirmed at Carlijle, that Religious Perfons'

‘ fhould * make no Carriage beyond the Sea, fhall be'* Pay no Tsx. ‘ maintained, kept, and obferved in all Points.’

C A P. VII.

Executors fhall have an Action of Trefpafs for a Wrong done to their Teftator.

ITEM comeavantces houres executors nont pas eu adtion des trefpas faites as teftatours come des biens et chateux des ditz teftatours emportez en lour vie et iffint tieux trefpas ont efte depunitz tanqe cncea fi eft acorde qe les executours en tieu cas eient aftion devers les trefpaflburs pur damage en tieu cas recoverer en manere come ceux qi executours ils fount avereint fils fuiffent en vie.

“ TTEM, Whereas in Times paft Executors have r>afl. 6_-0.

“ A not had Actions for a Trefpafs done to their Tef-13 id. . flat. 1. “ tators, as of the Goods and Chattels of the fame c< 23- _

“ Teftators carried away in their Life, and fo fuch '	Vs7'

“ Trefpaffes have hitherto remained unpunifhed;” i, h. 4.3.

‘ it is enabled. That the Executors in fuch Cafes fhall Firz. n. r. 217.

‘ have an Adlion againft the TrefpafTers, and recover rxecut.

‘ their Damages in like Mariner as they, whofe Exe-‘ cutors they be, flrould have had if they were in Life.’ j \'J,_ 4‘

Savill 118, 133.	1	Leon.	193,	194.	Regift:, 98,	25	Ed. 3. ftat. 5. c. 5. extends the Remedy to Executors of Executors $ and fee farther 21 H. 8* c. 4	j,

43 EHtC, c, 8 ./<?£?. 2. 30 Car, 2. fat, 1. c. 7 ,fe&, 2. and 4 & 5 W, M, c. 24. fee, 12,

CAP. VIII.

At all Pafiages Men fhall pay no more for their Fare than they had wont to do.

ITEM come avant ces houres home a chival foleit aver fon paflage de la meer a port de Dovre pur ii s..Repealed by & home apec pur vid. & ore de novel ent les gardeins de paflage & paflagers pris plus a grande zi Jac. i. c. z8. damage de poeple fi eft acorde qc en dit port & touz autres & auxint en touz les autres pafiages de la terre auxibien cn ewes douces come cn braz de meer les pafiauntz paient defore come auncienemeiit foleient et de plus ne foient charges ne les paflagers ne gardeins des pafiages nient plus ne preignent. Et foit mande. a Coneftable de Dovre qil face garder ceft article en fa baillie au penl qe appent & fil troefle nul fefaunt al encontre qil lui face punir a chefcuny fuyte qui ent fe vodra pleindre & face droit. Et auxint foit mande as baillifs des lieus ou tieux pafiages font qe eux facent cn mefme la manere & eient lcs Juftices affignez as affifes prendre es counteez poair denquere fi mils facent al encontre & a punir & a faire droit ent auxi-	. ,.

bien a la feute le Roi corne a la feute departie.

D d 2

C A-P.

Anno quarto Edwardi III#

A. D. 1330.

C. 9~5 I a

CAP. IX.

Sheriffs, Bailiffs of Hundreds, and Efcheators, fhall have fufficient in the County.

9 Fd. 2. fiat. 2.

5 E<J. 3. c. 4.

3 3 & 14 Car. a. __________________

c. 21. who frail 4 T) be Sheriff', and -^C)0n> of •wbat EJlate they Jbixll be*

1 TEM it is accorded, That no Sheriff, Bailiff of I. Hundred, Wapentake, nor of Franchife, nor Under-Efcheators, {hall be from henceforth, except behave Lands fufficient in the Place where they be Minifters, whereof to anfwer the King and his People, in cafe that any Man complain againft them, as it was ordained at another Time at the Parliament holdcn at Lincoln, in the Time of the King’s Father that now is, that is to fay, in the Ninth Year of his

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM eft acorde qe nul vifcountbaillif de hundred wapentak ne de fraunchife ne foutzefche-tours ne foit defore fil rieit terre fuffifaument es lieus ou ils font miniftres dont refpoundre au Roi & au poeple en cas ft home vodra pleindre devers eux come autrefoitz fut ordene au parlementde Nicole en temps le piere noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft celt affavoir lan de fon regne noefiftne.

CAP. X.

Sheriffs and Gaolers fliall receive Offenders without taking any thing.’

“ ITEM, Whereas in Times paft, Sheriffs and “ JL Gaolers of Gaols would not receive Thieves, ce Perfons appealed, indidled, or found with the Ma-“ ner, taken and attached by the Conftables and Town-“ ftiips, without taking great Fines and Ranforas of “ them for their Receit, whereby the faid Conllables “ and Townlhips have been unwilling to take Thieves “ and Felons, becaufe of fuch extream Charges, and “ the Thieves and the Felons the more encouraged to “ offend ;” 4 (2) it is enadled., That the Sheriffs and ‘ Gaolers fliall receive and fafely keep in Prifon from ‘ henceforth fuch Thieves and Felons, by the Deli-1 very of the Conftables and Townfhips, without ta-4 king any thing for the Receit. And the Juftices af-4 figned to deliver the Gaol, {hall have Power to hear * their Complaints that will complain upon the She-*■ riffs and Gaolers in fuch Cafe, and moreover to pu-*- nifli the Sheriffs and Gaolers if they be found guilty.’

yTEM par la ou avant ces houres vifeounfes & 5 gaolers de gaoles nount pas volu receyvre les larons appellez enditez ou trovez ove meyn oevre-pris & attachez par les coneftables & villeez fanz grevoufe fyns & raunceons aprendre de eux pur la receite par quei les ditz coneftables & villeez ont efte plus efchuz aprendre les larouns & felons pur tieles outrageoufes charges &les larouns & felouns plus efbaudiz a meffaire ft eft acorde qe les vifeoun-tes & gaolers receyvent & falvement gardent en prifone defore tieux larouns & felouns par le livere des ditz coneftables & villeez fanz riens prendre pur la receite. Et qe les Juftices affignez a deliverer les gaoles eient poair doier les pleintes de ceux qi fe vodront pleindre fur les vifeountes & gaolers-en tieu cas & outre a punir les vifeountes & gaolers, fils foient trovez coupables.

CAP. XI.

Juftices of Affifes, &c. fhall enquire of Maintainers, Confpirators, and Champertors.’.

3:Ed. J. c. 28 (if 33: 13 Ed. fiat. I. c. 49.

28 Ed. 1. ftat, -c. 11. 33 Ed. j' fiat. 3. lEd.. , ftn. 2. c. 14, Enforced by 2 ^ Ed. 3. c. 4. ,R> 2- c* 4*- 7 R. 2. 0 15. And fcc V- >f- 8. r. 0. which farther enforce the Stu. taut agamfi Maintenance, Adjournment 0f Suits.

R.egi(V. ,8S;

F. N. B; Ue.M Rtgilt. ,gA Kill. ii<j.

ITEM, Where in Times paft divers People of the Realm, as well great Men as other, have made Alliances, Confederacies, and Confpiracies,, to maintain Parties, Pleas, and Quarrels, whereby divers have been wrongfully diftnherited, and fome ran-fomed and deftroyed, and fome for fear to be maimed and beaten, durft not fue for their Right, nor complain, nor the Jurors of Inquefts give their Ver-didls, to the great Hurt of the People, and Slander of tire Law, and common Right;” 4 (z) it is, accorded, That the Juftices of the one Bench and of the other, and the Juftices of Affifes, whenfoever they come to hold their Seffions, or to take Inquefts upon Nif. prius, {hall enquire, hear, and determine, as well at the King’s Suit, as at the Suit of the Party, of fuch Maintainers, Bearers and Confpirators,. and alfo of-them that commit Champerty, and of all other Things contained in the forefaid Article, as well-as Juftices in Eyre fhould do if they were in the fame County. (3) And that which cannot be determined before the Juftices of the one Bench or the other upon the Niji prius, for Shortnefs of Time, fhall be adjourned into the Place whereof they 'be Juftices, and there be determined as Right and Rea-l’yn {hall required

ITEM pur ceo qe avant ces houres plufoursi gentz du Roialme auxibien grantz come autres. ount fait, alliaunces confederacies & confpiracies a. meyntenir parties pleez & quereles par ount plu-fours gentz ount efte atort defheritez & afeuns. rientz & d'eft'ruz & afeuns pur doute deftre mahei-mez & batuz uoferent pas feuyr lour droit ne plein-dre ne les jurours des enqueftes lour verditz dire a. grant damage du poeple & arerilrement de la lei’& de commune droit ll eft acorde qe les Juftices del un-Baunk & del autre & les Juftices as affifes prendre affignez a totes les foitz qil vendrout a faire lour feffions ou a prendre enqueftes fur Nifi prius enquergent oient & terminent auxibien a la feute le Roi come a la feute de partie fur tieux meynte-nours emparnours & confpiratours k auxint de champartours & des totes autres chofes contenuz en le dit article auxiavant come Juftices de eyre ferroient fils fuiffent en meifrne le countee. Et ceo qe ne poet eftre termine devant les Juftices del un Baunk ou d’e lautre fur le Nifi prius pur brefte de lour demoer en pais feit ajournee en les places dont ils font Juftices & illoeqes terminec fclonc droit k refon,.

G A p:

A.D, 1330.

Anno quarto E dwa rd 1 III,

C. 12—15.

205

CAP. XII.

Wines fhall be aflayed, and fold at reafonable Prices.

Ex Rot. in Tiirr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qil y font plufours taverners el Roialme qeftre ne foleient vendantz vyns auxi-bien purrez come feyns & ont vendu le galon a tiel pris come ils mcfmes ont volu pur cco qe cha-ftiement nad pas efte orderie fur eux come fur eux qe ount venduz payn & cerveife a grant damage du poeple fi eft acorde qe crie fe face qe nul foit ft hardy de vendre vyns forque a refonable fcer eaunt regard au pris qcft en les portz dont les vyns veignent & auxint as defpenfes come en cariage a faire des ditz portz tanque-as lieus ou ils font venduz Si qe en chefcune ville aflat fe face des vyns deux foitz par an un foitz a la Pafch & autre foitz a la Scint Michel Si plus fovent ii meftier foit par les Seignurs des villcs Si lour baillifs Si auxint par les mairs Si baillifs des mefmes les villes & touz les vyns qe ferront trovez purrez ou corrumpuz' foient enfouncez & oftez de tut & les tonciles debrufez. Et eient les Chauncellcr Trcforer Juftices del un Baunk & del autre & Juftices aflignez as affifes prendre poair denquere fur mairs baillifs & mini-ftrcs de villes fils nc facent ceo qeft acorde & outre a faire puniflement folonc ceo qe refon demand.

“ TTEM, Becaufe there be more Taverners in the 28H. 8. c. 14.

44 JL Realm than were wont to be, felling as well cor-/,r Prlces °f 44 rupt Wines as wholfome, and have fold the Gallon nOnct.

44 at fuch Price as they themfelvcs would, becaufe 44 there was no Punifhment ordained for them, as hath 44 been for them that have fold Bread and Ale, to the “ great Hurt of the People;” * (2) it is accorded,

4 That a Cry fhall be made, that none be fo hardy to 4 fell Wines but at a reafonable Price, regarding the 4 Price that is at the Ports from whence the Wines 4 came, and the Expenccs, as in Carriage of the fame 4 from the faid Ports to the Places where they be fold ;

4 (3) and that Aflay fliall be made of fuch Wines two 4 Times every Year, once at Eafter, and another Time 4 at Michaelmas, and more often, if need be, by the 4 Lords of the Towns and their Bailiff’s, and alfo by 4 the Mayor and Bailiffs of the fame Towns (4) and Corrupt Winci 4 all the Wines that fhall be found corrupt, fhall be be P°“r<’J 4 poured out, and the Veffels broken. (5) And the v.Jrul 1'

4 Chancellor and Treafurer, Juftices of the one Bench 4 and the other, and Juftices of Aflife, fhall have Power 1 it.;, c. 13,

4 to enquire upon the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Minifters 7 Ed. 6. c. 5.

4 of Towns, if they do not according to this Statute ; 5£/'z-o5-Aoir. 4 and befides that, to punifh as Reafon fhall require.’ 12	r’2-	c'	25’

18 Car. 2. c. 5.

fed. 6. I Jac. 2. c. ^.fcB. 2. I IV. & M.fejf, j, ^34. 2 TV. & M. fat. 2. c. J4. I Ann., fat. i.'c, 12 .feff. JI2. 5 Ann. c. 27. fe&. 17.	6	Geo.	I.	c.	12

fefit. 2, 8 Geo. 1. c. lS.fctf. 19. 32 Geo. 1. c.	20.	1 Geo. 2. c. 17. feSi.7. 10 Geo. 2. c. iq.fefl. 2. 37 Geo. 2. c, ^o..fefft u, 18 Geo. %. c. $.fc3. l

a6 Geo, 2, c, 12. feci. 1* 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. fe£l. 2. and 3a Geo. 2+c. 19.Jeff. 1. containing farther Prwifom with refpc&to Wines.

C A P. XIII.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 2 Edward 3. cap. 2.

touching granting of Pardons.

ENfement pur ceo qe plufours chartres ont efte grauntes de pardons des felonies roberies Si homicides contre la fourme de leftatut nadgairs fait a Northampton contenant qe nul home navereit tides chartres hors du parlement parount les meffe-fours ont efte plus efbaudiz de mefraire ft eft acorde qe mefme leftatut foit defore garde & meyntenu en touz pointz..

44 TTEM, Becaufe divers Charters of Pardon have Kr’cil3rt’ & 44 JL been granted of Felonies, Robberies', and Man- Pald' IO*

44 daughters, againft the Form of the Statute lately 44 made at Northampton, containing that no Man- fhould 44 have fuch Charters out of the Parliament, whereby 44 fuch Mifdoers have been the more bold to offend 4 (2) it is enafted, That from henceforth the fame Sta*-4 tute fhall be kept and maintained in all Points;’

CAP. XIV.

A Parliament fhall be holden once every Year.

ENfement eft acorde qe parlement foit tenu 4 | T EM it is accorded. That a Parliament fhall be	,

chefcun an unefoitz ou plus ft meftier foit.	4 J. holden every Year once, and more often, if

c need be>.	Confirmed	by

36 Ed. 3. c. 10*

Altered by 16 Car. 2. c. i» ar.d 6 W. £? M. c. 2. which dirett triennial Parliaments 3 and further by. 1 Geo, j» fat. 2. c. 38. which dire&s feptennial Parliaments*

CAP. XV.

Sheriffs fhall let their Hundreds and Wapentakes for the old Ferm.

TTEM out ceo qe les vifeountes ount avant ces houres leflez les hundredz & wapentaks en lour baillies a ft haute ferme qe les baillifs ne poient cele ferme lever forfque par extorfton Si durefee faire au poeple ft eft acorde qe les vifeountes leflent defore les hundredz & wapentaks a launciene ferme Si ne mye outre & qe les juftices aflignez eient poair den-3.

“■ T TEM, Becaufe Sheriffs have before this Time 44 1 let Hundred's and Wapentakes in their Bailiwicks 44 to fo high Ferm, that the Bailiffs cannot levy the 44 faid Ferm, without doing Extortion and Durefs to 44,the People;”' 4 (z) it is ordained, That the She-4 riffs fliall from henceforth let their Hundreds and 4 Wapentakes for the old Ferm, and not above ; ami

4 thatr

206 C. Jj 2c

Erf or red by 14 Ed. 3, flat. 1 c. 9.

£|'4 W,4. e. 5. aniz^ll. 6. c. 9,

Sheriffs, &c. an prohibitedfrom letting their Bai-I hoicks, Hundreds, JVapen-takes3	f.

4Ed. 3. c, 3.

i" Ed. l.fat.'z-c. 2.

Anno quintoEdward 1 III.	A.	D.	1331.

‘ that the Juftlces afligned fhall have Power to enquire c of the faid Sheriffs, and punifh them that .fhall be ‘ found offending againft this Statute.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. qncre fur les vifeountes & de punir ceux qiL trove-ront fefauntz le contraire.

REX vicecomiti Ebor’ falutcm. Quedam per nos & confilium noftrum ad requifitionem communitatis regni noflri in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ die Lime proximo poll feftum fanfte Katerine proxime preteritum convocato concordata & ordinata tibi mittimus in forma patente mandantes quod in fingulis locis in baliiva tua tam infra libertates quam extra ubi expedire videris ea pubiice proclamari &firmiter teneri facias et hoc nullatenus omittas. T. R. apud Langelc tertio die Februarii anno regni noftri quinto.

Per ipfum Regem.

Eodem modo'mandatian eftJingidis vicecomitibusper Angliam.

.Memorandum quod iftud Jiatuium mijjitm flit in Hiberniam in forma patenti cum quodam hrevi inferius fequenti.

Statutes made at Weflminfler, craJUno Michaelis, Anno 5 Edw. III.

and Anno Dorn.13 31a.

Ex Rot. in Turn'. Lond. m. 26.

AU parlement fomons a Weftm’ lendemeyn de Seint Michel lan du regne le Roi Edward tierz apres le conqueft quint fi ad noftre Seignur le Roi par afTent des Prelatz Cpuntes Barons et autres, grantz duRoialme illoeqes aflem-blez a loneur deDieu et de feinte eglife et a la re-quefte de fori poeple grant-e et eftabli les cliofes fu-theferites les queles il voet qe tenuz foient gardez et meyntenuz a touz jours.

C A P. I.

/ft T the Parliament hidden at TVefhninJler the “ f's\ morrow after St. Michael, in the Fifth Year “	of the Reign of King Edward the Third

*- after the Conqueft, our Lord the King, by the Af-“ fent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great “ Men of the Realm there affembled, to the Honour “ of God and of holy Church, and at the Requeft of ce his People, hath granted and eftablifhed thefe Things ‘‘ underwritten, which he will,to be kept.and main-“ tained for ever.”

The Great Chattel: and the Charter of the Foreft confirmed. •

‘ IjT'Irft it is accorded and eflablifned. That the Great ‘ V Charter and the Charter of the Foreft fhall be * kept and firmly maintained.’

EN primes fi eft acorde et eftabli. qe la Grande Chartre et la Chartre de la Forefte foient tenuz gardez et fermement meyntenuz.

CAP. II.

Things purveyed for the King’s Houfe fhall he praifed, and Tallies made thereof. Of what People Inquefts in the Marfhal’s Court fhall be taken. Redrefiing of Error there.

“ ¥ TEM, Where in the Statute made at Weftmin-“ 5. Jier, at the Parliament there fummoned after the “ Feaft of Saint Katharine, in the Fourth Year of the “ Reign of the King that now is, amongft other Things “ there enacted, It is contained, upon the Grievances “ which the Purveyors for the King’s Houfe, the “ Queen’s, and of their Children, did to the People in “ outragious -Mcafures of Corn, and voluntary taking “ of Hay, Litter, and other Things provided by the “ faid Purveyors, that the Takers and Purveyors of “ Corn for the faid Koufes fhould take them by Mea-“ fine ftricken, according as hath been ufed through “ the Realm ; (z) and that all,the Corn, Hay, Litter, “ Beftail, and all other Vidhmls and Things to be taken “ for the fame Koufes, fhould be praifed at the true “ Value by the Conftables and other good People of the “ Towns where fuch Prifes be ; (3) and that thePrai-“ fors be not enforced by Threats and Durefs to affefs “ any other Price than their Oath will. (4) And in “ the fame Sratute is one Article rehearled, which was ’ “ made in the,Time of King Edward, Grandfather .

?TEM come en leftatut fait a Weftm’au parlement fomons illoeqes apres la fefte de Seint Katerine lan du regne le Roi qore eft quart entre autres cliofes illoeqes acordez et eftabliz foitconte-nuz fur les grevances qe les purveours pur les Ho-» ftelx le Roi la Roigne fa compaigne et de lour en-fantz fefoient au poeple en outrajoufe mefure des bledz et auxint en voluntrive taille de fein littere et autres chofes purveus par les ditz purveours eftabli foit qe les parnours et purveours des bledz pur les ditz Hoftelx les preignent par mefure refe felonc ce qe borne ufe parmy le Roialme et qe touz les bledz fein littere beftail] et totes autres vitailies et chofes quecunqes qe font aprendre pur meifmes les Hoftelx foient prifes a la.verroie value par coneftables et autres bones gentz des villes ou tieles prifes fe ferront fantz ce qe par manace ou durefee foient 1 s prifours chacez a mettre autre pris qe lour ferment ne voet. Et en rneifme cel eftatut foit rehercez un article qe fut fait en temps du bone memoire le Roi Ael le Roi qore eft ou cer-

a Statutum t’c Roberdefmen#

teins

e.

107-

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. teins peines font contenues contre ceux qi nondue-ment fefoient purveances pur tielx Hoftelx pur Jes queles peines les purveours des ditz, Hoftelx neont pas lefTez a faire outrajoufe & nondues prifes contre la tenour des ditz eftatutz. A1 honeur & profit de noftre Seigirur le Roi & pur f>ees &t quiete de foil poeple & pur refrenir k punir la malveifte de ceux qi tielx outrages ont faitz, en efclaundre du Roi la Roignc fa compaigne & de lour enfantz acor-de eft & eftabli qe les prifes & purveances fe.fa-cent pur les ditz Hoftelx par pris fait par coneftable k quatre prodefhommes des villes ou tieles prifes k purveances fe ferront jurrez & fantz manace fi-come en les ditz eftatutz eft contenuz. Et qe entre les purveours & ceux des queux les biens ferront prifes en la prefence des coneftables & prifours foi-euttaillez faites enfealez de fealx des parnours des chofes iffint prifez par ies queles tailles gree foitfait a ceux des queux les chofes ferront iffint prifes. Et fi nul parnour ou purveour pur les ditz Hoftelx-les face par autre manere foit meiritenant areftuz par la ville ou la prife Terra faite & mefne a la procheine gaole & ft de ce foit atteint foit la fait de lui come de laroun ft la quantite des biens le demande & defore foit contenu en les commiffions des tielx parnours & purveours foient eles foutz le petit feal ou foutz le grant feal la fourme &' la peine contenuz en ceft eftatut. Et qen chefcun cas ou enque-ftes font aprendre devant'Senefchalx & Marefchalx del Hoftel le Roi qe les.enqueftes foient prifes par gentz du pais enviroun k ne mie par gentz de loftel fil ne fcit des contradlz covenantz ou trefpas faitz par gentz, de meifme loftel dune part &'dau-tre k ce en meifme loftel felonc un autre eftatut ent autrefoitz fait en temps meifme le Roi, Ael. Et qe en cas ou home fe voudra pleindre de errour fait devant les ditz Senefchalx k Marefchalx ,eit le pleintif bref de faire vcnir le record & proces devant le Roi en fa place k illoeqes foit le errour redrefce. Et auxint foit fait en chefcun autre cas ou homme fe voudra pleindre de errour fait devant meifmes les Senefchalx & Marefchalx de loftel le Roi.

“ to the King that now is, where certain Pains be li-“ mited againft thofe that late made Purveyance for the “ faid Houfes; which Pains not regarded,' the faid “ Purveyors have not let to make outragious and un-“ lawful Prifes againft the Tenor of the faid Statutes.

“ (5) To the Honour and Profit of our faid Lord the “ King, and for the Peace and Quietnefs of his Peo-“ pie, and to refrain and punifh the Enormities of thofe ‘‘ that have committed fuch Outrages, to the King’s,

“ the Queen’s, and their Childrens great Slander;”

‘ (6) it is( accorded and enadfed. That the taking and ‘ Purveyance for the faid Houfes fhall be by Price made ‘ by the Conftables and four difereet Men of theTowns-‘ where fhall be fuch Prifes and Purveyances thereto ‘ fworn, and without * Meaner, as in the faid Statutes * Menace,

‘ is contained. (7) And that alfo betwixt the Pur- Enforced by ‘ vcyors and them whofe Goods fhall be taken in the 25	^

‘ Prefence of the Conftables and Prifors, Tallies fhall ‘ be made- and fealed with the Purveyors Seals of the p. & m. c. 6.

‘ Things To taken, by which Tallies Satisfaction fhall iz Car. 2. c. 24;

‘ be made to them from whom fuch Goods be taken. uln >' P:,r~ ‘ (8) And if any Taker or Purveyor for the faid Hou-	V'

‘ fes do take in any other Manner, he fhall be incom i j S' V4" e tinently arrefted by the Town where fuch Taking Car. z. c. 2Z ‘ was made, and brought to the next Gaol; (9) and	tie is-

‘ if he be thereof attainted, it fhall be done of him as C*r. 2. fofavour ‘ of a Thief, if the Quantity of the Goods the fame ‘tlPr^-clTe^ c require ; (to) and from thenceforth it fhall he con- ’2d of th'mvy-*’ tained in the Commiffions of fuch Takers and Pur- and Ordnance.

‘ veyors, be they under the fmall Seal or the great, See lUnaife tbe

*	the Form and the Pain contained in this Statute, by Muthy

‘ (11) And that in every Cafe, where Jnquefts be to be	taken

‘ taken before the Steward and the Marfhal of the ;n the Marflial's ‘ King’s Houfe, that Inquefts be taken by Men of the Court.

*	Country thereabout, and not by Men of the King’s Stat. io EJ. 3.

*	Houfe, except it be of Contradits, Covenants, or Tref- Cl 2*

‘ pafles made by'Men of the King’s Houfe of the one c Part and of the other, and that in the fame Houfe,.

£ according to' another Statute thereof made in the c Time of the faid Edward the Grandfather. (12)

‘ And in cafe where any will complain of Error made Error ifl t|?e' c before the faid Steward and Marfhal, the Plaintiff ‘ fhall haven Writ to remove the Record and the Pro- c’°, '3‘

‘ cefs before the King in his Place, and there the Error c fhall be redrefled. (13) And likewife fhall it be done

*	in every other Cafe where any Man will complain

‘ him of Error done before the fame Steward and Mar-4 fhal of the King’s Houfe.5 .	■	,

CAP. III.

A Confirmation of the Statute of Carlijle, made 35 Edw. 1. Stat. 1. touching Religious-'

Houfes.

Ft Nfement eft acorde & eftabli qe un eftatut fait !> a Kardoil en temps meifme Ie Roi lael en quel eft contenuz qe gentz de religion ne facent apport hors du Roialme foit tenuz gardez & meintenuz cn touz pointz.

‘ TTEM ft is agreed, That the Statute made at:

‘ A Carlijle in the Time of King Edward, the King’s ‘ Grandfather that now is, wherein is contained, That ‘ Religious Men fhall * make no Carriage out of the * Pay no Tax. ‘ Realm, fhall be holden, kept, and maintained in all a. Ed. 3, c, 6.-‘Points.’

CAP.

M Ui l*s

2o8

Anna quinto Edwardi III.

A. D. 1331,

C A P. IV.

None fhall be Sheriff, Efcheator, or Bailiff of Franchife, unlefs he hath fuffcient in the

County.

PvCgift. 177,	*

4 Ed. 3. c. 9.	<

See 13 & 14 Car. * 2. c. 21 .for pre* venting the un-r.ecejfary Charge of Sheriffs) & c.

ITEM it is accorded and enadted, That no Sheriff, Under Efcheator, Bailiff of Franchifes, Wapentakes, Hundreds, norTithings, fhall from henceforth be, except he have Lands fufficient in the fame County, whereof to anfwcr the King and his People, if any will complain.’

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

AUxint eft acorde St eftabli qe nul vifeounte fouthefebetour baillif de fraunchife wapentak hundred ne trithing foit defore fil neit terre fuffifau-tnent en meifme le counte dont refpondre au Roi St au people ft homrae fe voudra pleindre.

V.

The Penalty if any do fell Ware at a Fair after it is ended.

“ TTEM,'Where it is contained in the Statute “ X made at Northampton, in the fecond Year of the “ Reign of the King that now is, that the Lords, which “ have Fairs by Charters or otherwife, fhall hold them “ during the Time that they ought to do, and no “ longer, upon Pain to feife fuch Fairs into the King’s “ Hands; (2) and that every Lord at the Beginning - “ of his Fair do cry and proclaim therein how long “ the Fair fhall endure; (3) and in the fame Statute “ is no certain Punifhmeut ordained againft the Mer-“ chants if they fell after the Time ‘ (4) It is ac-‘ corded, That the faid Merchants after the laid Time ‘ fhall clofe their Booths and Stalls without putting ‘ any Manner of Ware or Merchandife to fell there. ‘ ($) And if it be found, that any Merchant from

*	henceforth fell any Ware or Merchandife at the faid

*	Fairs after the faid Time, fuch Merchant fhall forfeit ‘ to our Lord the King the double Value of that which £ is fold ; (6) and every Man that will fue for our ‘ Lord the King, fhall be received, and alfo have the

sEd. 3. c. 13. ‘ fourth Part of that which fhall be loft at his Suit.’

ITEM come contenuz foit en leftatut fait a Northampton lan du regne le Roi qore eft fecund qe lesSeignurs qi feires ont par chartres ou en autre manere les tiegnent pur le temps qils deveront & nc mie outre fur la peine aprendre les feires en la meine le Roi St qe chefcun Seignur au comence-ment de fa feire face crier St publier en ycele come longement fa feire fe tendra & en meifme leftatut neft mie ordeine certein puniffement contre les marchantz ftl vendent apres le temps ft eft acorde St eftabli qe les ditz marchantz apres le dit temps facent clofe lour feudes St eftaux fantz mettre nulle manere de merce ou marchandife a'vente illoeqes. Et ft trove foit defore qe nul marchant vende es dites feires merce ou marchandife apres le dit temps perde le dit marchant vers noftre Seignur le Roi le double de ce qil iffint avera vendu et a ce atteindre foit chefcun home refeeu qi voudra fure pur noftre Seignur le Roy St eit celui qi iffint fuera la quarte partie de ce qe ferra a fa feute iffint perdu.

CAP. VI.

Ni/i prius fhall be granted in Attaint, but no Effoin or Proteftion. Days given.

TEM, Becaufe the Jurors have the lefs doubted-to be perjured by Reafon of the long Delays that “ have been in Attaints, before the Jufticcs of the one “ Bench and of the other, and before other Juftices ‘ (2) it is enadled, That no Effoin of the King’s Ser-‘ vice nor Prote&ion fhall be from henceforth allowed ‘ in fuch Juries, no more than in Affifes of Novel dif-‘ feiftn •, (3) and that five Days by the Year be given 6 before the Juftices of the common Bench in the faid \ FJ t Juries at the leaft; (4) and that a Nift prius be as c- 7 l\kb ‘ WC^ fPven 'n fuc^ Writs as in other.’

3.	2	J	H.	7.	c,2i	(fi	24.	19	H*	7.	c.	3.	23	H. 8. c. 3. and 37 H, 8. c. 5, for farther

1 Eii. I. c. 38.

1 Ed. 'i,. fiat. 1 c. 6. See 28 Ed

TEM pur ce qe les jurours ont dote la meins eftre perjours pur les longes delaies qe ont efte en atteints devant les Juftices de lun Baunk St de lautre St devant autres Juftices fi eft acorde & eftabli qe effoigne du fcrvice le Roi ne protedlion ne foient defore enavant allowez en tieles jurez nient plus qen affife de Novele difl’eifine St qe cink jours par an foient donez devant les Juftices du commune Baunk en les dites jurez au meinz St qe le nifi prius foit auxibien done en tielx Brcfs come en autres.

Regulations and Extenfions of Attaints,

CAP. VII.

Attaint fhall be granted in Trefpafs, if the Damage pafs xl j.

“ T TEM, Whereas it is contained in a Statute late “ X made at Wejhrr^fter, in the firft Year of the Reign “ of our Lord the King that now is, after his Corona-“ tion, that Attaints mould be granted in Writs of “Trefpafs;” ‘ (2) it is accorded and eftablifhed, ‘ That Writs of Attaint fhall be from henceforth ‘ granted as well in Pleas of Trefpafs moved without

ET come il foit contenuz en un eftatut nadgairs fait a Weftm’ lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi qi ore eft primer apres fon coronement qe at-teintez foient grauntez en brefs de trefpas fi eft ac-corde St eftabli qe brefs datteintes defore foient grantez auxibien en pledz de trefpas meutz fantz brefs com par brefs devant Juftices qi font de record

A. D. 133r.

Anno quinto Edwardi III.

C. 8, 9.	209

Ex Rot. in Twr. Lond. cord fi les damages ajugges pa (lent quarant foldz. Et ceft eftatut eit lieu auxibien des enqueftes prifes en temps pafle come aprendre en temps avenir.

4 Writ, as by Writ, before Juftices of Record, if the ‘ Damages judged do pafs xls. And this Statute (hall

hold Place as well of Inquefts taken in Times paft, 1	3-	ftat- >•

as to be taken in Time to come.’,	„	6'„r,	.

by 25 La. 3. c. S«

Attaint Jball be granted upon a BUI at well at upon a Writ of Trefpafs, And fee the References to the preceding Chapter.

CAT. VIII.	■■■■'•/

The Marfhals of the King’s Bench (hall not bail Felons.

TEM, Becaufe that Perfons..indited of Felonies, Robberies, and Theft, in Times part have removed the fame Indi&ment before the King, and there yielded themfelves, and by the Marfhals of the King’s Bench have been incontinently let to Bail, and after have done many evil Deeds, and lien in wait to flay and evil intreat their Enditors ; (*) and alfo Perfons appealed of Felony, after the Exigent awarded, have yielded themfelves before the King, and have been let to Bail by the faid Marfhals (3) It is accorded and eftablifhed, That fuch Enditees and Appellees fhall be fafely and furely kept in Prifon, as bclongeth to them according to the Charge which the faid Marfhals fhall have of the Juftices. (4) And if any Marfhal do otherwife, at the Complaint of every Man that will complain, the Juftices fhall do him Right during the Terms; (5) and in the End of the Terms, upon their rifing, the faid Marfhals fhall choofe before the faid Juftices, before they depart the Places, in what Town they will keep fuch Prifoners, at their Peril. (6) And in the fame Town they fhall * allow to them Houfes to keep fuch Prifoners * Hire the* at their own Cofts and Charges ; and there they fhall Houfes. keep them in Prifon, and fhall not fuffer them to go wandering Abroad, neither by Bail nor without Bail.

(7) And if any fuch Prifoner be found wandering The Penalty of out of Prifon by Bail or without Bail, and that be the Marfhal found at the King’s Suit, or at the Suit of the Party, whic.h fuffereth the Marfhals which fhall be found thereof guilty,	t0

fhall have half a Year’s Imprifonment, and be ran- e c‘ipe' fomed at the King’s Will; (8) and the Juftices fhall thereof make Enquiry when they fee Time. Jg' And as to the Marfhals, it fhall be done within the Verge	,

that which Reafon will. (10) And in cafe that the8 f.9 j’jT; Marfhals fuffer by their Aflent fuch Prifoners to e- ^Marjbai and fcape, they fhall be at the Law, as before this Time Warden of the they have been. (11) And the King intendeth not King's Bmcb by this Statute to lofe the Efcape, where he ought to ar':l F!if,“ f', have the fame.’

Inheritance of thofe Prifons, or their Deputies, & c, By 27 Geo. 2. c. 17. the Bower of appointing the Marfhal of the Kangs Bench is rcvcjled in the Crowrtc

CAP. IX.

None fhall be attached or forejudged contrary to the Great Charter, or the Law.

TEM purceqe les gentz enditez des felonies “ roberies h larcins ejnz ces heures ont fait venir lour enditementz devant le Roi & illoeqes fe font renduz & par les Marefchalx du Baunk le Roi ont eftc mpintenant lcflez en bail & puis ont fait plu-fours malx & agaitz de tuer ou malfaire lour endi-tours & auxint les appellez des felonies apres lexi-gende iflue fur eux fe font renduz devaht le Roi & ont efte par les ditz Marefchalx lcflez en bail ft eft acorde & eftabli qe les ditz enditez & appelletz foient feurement & fauvembnt gardez en prifone come y appent felonc la charge qe les ditz Marefchalx averont des Juftices. Et ft nul Marefchal face autrement a la nlcinte de chefcun qi pleindrc fe voudra le Juftice lui ferra droit durant le termed Et qen la fin des termes fur lour lever elifent les ditz Marefchalx devant meifmes les Juftices avant lour departir des places en quele ville ils voudront gar-der tielx prilons a lour peril. Et en meifme la ville allowent mefons pur la garde des prifons a lour cu-ftages demeigne & illoeqes les gardent en prifone & ne les foeffrent nulle part aler wafkerantz ne par bail ne fantz bail. Et li nul tiel prifon foit/ trove par bail ou fantz bail wafkerant hors de prifone & ce foit trove a la feute le Roi ou a la feute de partie eient les Marefchalx qi de ce ferront tro-vcz coupables la prifone .dun demy an &, outre foient reintz a lavolente le Roi & facent les Juftices de ce enquere quant ils verront temps. Et quant au Marefchal foit faitde la verge ceo qe re-fone voudra. Et en cas qe les Marefchalx foeffrent par lour aflent tielx prifons efehaper foient a la lei come avant ces heures out eftez. Et nentend pas le Roi par cell eftatut de perdre lefehape ou il le devera avoir.

ITEM eft acorde & eftabli qe nul homme foit defore attache par nul accufement ne forjugge de vie ne de membre nes fes terres tenemenz biens ne chateux feifiz enla mein le Roi contre la fourme de la Grante Chartfe & la lei de la terre.

37 Ed, 3. c. iS. 42 £4. 3. c. 3, II Rich. z. c, ip. end 16 Car,

4 ITEM it is enafled, That no Man from hence-4 & forth fhall be attached by any Accufation, nor® ,q?’aEd.V.

4 forejudged of Life or Limb, nor his Lands, Tene-C. i. EnfircS 4 ments, Qoods, nor Chattels feifed into the King’s ty 14Ed. 3. flat. 4 Hands, againft the Form of the Great Charter, andc. 14. 25 £rf. 4 the Law of the Land.’	'	3-^"-5-.er4'.,

2SEd. 3.,c. 2-

I» c. 10, which regulates the Privy Council and takes away the Star Chamber, 3 BuJftr. 479

E e

i .n

ij

V)

C A P,

) t.J lf. .d liIff".

bnt’Stl •■j't-.i

■!l

VOL. I.

210

c.

10—12.

Anno quinto Edwardi III.

A. D. 1331,

CAP. X.

The Punilhment of a Juror that is Ambidexter, and taketh Money.

ITEM It is accorded. That if any Juror in Affi-fes. Juries, or Enquefts, take of the one Party or of the other, and be thereof duly attainted, that hereafter he fhall not be put in any Affifes, Juries, or Enquefts, arid neverthelefs he fhall be commanded to Frifon, and further ranfomed at the King’s Will. (2) And the Juftices before whom fuch Affifes, Juries, and Enquefts ftiall pafs, fhall have Power to enquire and determine according to this Statute/

Enforced and amended by 34 Ed; 3,' c. 3,	38	Ed.	3*	ftaU	1.	c.	ia«	the latter enabling that fur

44 Ed. 3. f.39.

Fitz. Decies tan. 12.

Raft. 145.

Regift. 18S.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

AUXINT eft acorde & eftabli qe fi nul ju-rour en affifes jurez ou enqueftes preigne dune part & dautre & de ce foit duement atteint e mes ne foit mis en affifes jurez nen enqueftes nient miens foit comande a la. prifone Sc outre reint a la volente le Roi. Et a ce atteindre eient les Juftices devant queux tieles affifes jurez et enqueftes pafferont poair denquere & terminer felonc ceft eftatut.

•lr 'taking Money Jhall forfeit ten timei the Sum taken.

t

CAP. XI.

w	'ft.'

Procefs againft thofe that be appealed, indi<5ted, or outlawed in one County, and remain in

another.

■“ T TEM, Where In Times paft fome Perfons ap-“ t pealed or indidded of divers Felonies in one s< County, or outlawed in the fame County, have “ been dwelling or received in another County, where-“ by fuch Felonious Perfons indidded and outlawed have “ been encouraged in their Mifchief, becaufe they may not be attached in another County‘ (2) it is en-‘ added. That the Juftices affigned to hear and deter-‘ mine fuch Felonies, fhall diredd their Writs to all the

*	Counties of England, where need fhall be, to take

*	fuch Perfons indidded/

TEM comeavantces heures afeuns appellezou enditez de diverfes felonies en un counte ou ut-lagez en meifme le counte ont efte demorantz ou receitez en autres countez paront les felons enditez & utlagez ont efte covertz en lour malveiftez de ce qils ne poeint eftre attachez en autre counte ft eft acorde & eftabli qe les Juftices affignez doier & terminer tieles felonies facent lour brefs par touz les countez dEngleterre ou meftre ferra a prendre tielx enditez.

C A P. XII.

What is requifite to be done to have their Pardons allowed which be outlawed.

Pardon of him 1 that is outlawed c upon a Judg- t jnent.	c

Fitz. Chart,

»7,

Fit*. Scire fjc'j c J ;o.	<

Outlawry upon c an Original be- t fore Appearance. Fitz. Utlagar. 4. 1 1 H. 7,'f. 12,20. ‘ t>yer 27a. c c

A Spire, facias ‘

awarded againfl c tbe Plaintiff.. c

Rc gift.

ITEM it is eftablifhed and ordained. That in cafe where the Plaintiff- fhall recover Damages, and he againft whom the Damages be recovered be outlawed at the King’s Suit, that no Charter of Pardon fhall be granted of his Outlawry, except the Chancellor be certified that the Plaintiff-is fatisfied of his Damages. (2) And in cafe that a Man be outlawed1 by Procefs before his Appearance, no fuch Charter fhall be granted, except the Chancellor be certified that fuch Perfon outlawed hath yielded himfelf to Prifon before the Juftices of the Place, from whence the Writ of Exigent iffued; that is to fay, if from the King’s Bench, then he fhall yield him in the fame Place; and if from the Common Bench, then he fhall yield'himfelf there; (3) and if from the Juftices of Oyer Terminer, whiles the fame Juftices do fit, he fhall yield him before them ; (4) and if they be rifen, then he fhall yield him in the King’s Bench before the Juftices, and the Record with the Procefs fhall be removed before them by Writ, (e) And the faid Juftices before whom they fhall fo yield them, fhall caufe the Party Plaintiff to be warned to appear before them at a certain Day, at which Day if the Warning lie duly witnefled, and the Plaintiff appear upon his Warning, then they fhall plead upon the firft original Writ, as though no Outlawry had been pronounced ; (6) and if the Plaintiff come not, he that is outlawed fhall-be delivered by virtue of his Charter. (7) And it is to be underftood, that all fuch Charters he of the Grace of the King, as before they have been/

4

AUXINT eft acorde & eftabli qen cas ou le pleintif recovre damages & a la feute le Roi celui.devers qi les damages font recoveriz feit utlage qe nulle chartre de pardoun foit grante de cele ut-lagarie fi le Chaunceller ne foit appris qe gree foit fait a meifme le pleintif des damages. Et en cas ou homme foit utlage par proces devant ce qil apierge qe nulle tiele chartre foit grante fi leChaun-celler ne foit appris qe tiel utlage fe eit renduz a la prifone devant les juftices en place dont le bref dexigend iffift ceft affaver fi de la place le Roi qe adonqes il fe rende en meifme la place & fi du commune Baunk adonqes fe rend illoeqes et fi des Juftices affignez doier Sc terminer feantz meifmes les Juftices fe rend devant e.ux & fils foient levez adonqes fe rend en la place le Roi devant les Juftices & devant eux foit fait venir le record & proces par bref. Etles Juftices fufditz devant queux ils ferront iffint renduz facent garnir la partie pleintif deftre a certein jour devant eux a quel jour fi le garniffement foit duement tefmoigne adonqes pie-dent fur le primer bref original auxicome nulle ut-lagarie neuft efte pronuncie fi le pleintif viegne au garniffement et fil he viegne mie foit lutlage delivers par vertue de fa chartre. Et eft a entendre qe totes tieles chartres font de la grace le Roi come avant ont efte.

CAP,

A. D. 1331.

Anno quinto Edwardi III,

C. 13, 14;

211

CAP. XIII.

"What is requifite where any Perfon will avoid an Outlawry by Imprifonment.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ce qe moltzde gentz duement utla-gez ont deffait les utlageries pronunciez fur eux par caufe denprifonement tefmoigne nient verita-blement par vifcountes Sc autres qi nont pas record fi eft acorde Sc eftabli qe finul defore enavant voille defaire lutlagerie pronuncie fur lui par tiele tef-moignance qil fe rend a la prifone Sc adonqes les Juftices du Baunk le Roi facent garnir lapartie a qi feute lutlagerie eftoit pronuncie deftre devant eux a certein jour a queu jour fi la partie voille averrer qe la tefmoignance ne foit pas veritable foit refceu a laverreinent. En mefme la manere foit le Ser-jant le Roi ou fon attourne out autre qi voudra fure pur le Roi refceu a laverrement contre tiele tefmoignance en cas ou lutlagerie foit pronuncie a la feute le Roi.

44 ITEM, Becaufe divers People being duly outlaw-“ A ed, have avoided the Outlawries pronounced “ againft them, by reafon of Imprifonments untruly 44 teftified by Sheriffs and others which have no Re-“ cord;” ‘ (2) it is enabled, That if any from hence-4 forth will defeat any Outlawry pronounced upon him 4 by fuch Teftimony, that he mail yield himfelf to the * Prifon, (3) and then the Juftices of the King’s Bench 4 fliall caule the Party at whofe Suit the Outlawry was 4 pronounced, to be warned to be before them at a ‘ certain Day; (4) at which Day, if the Party will c verify that the Teftimony is untrue, his Averment 4 fhall be received. (5) And in like Manner the King’s 4 Serjeant, or his Attorney, or other that will fue for 4 the King, fhall be received to have the fame Aver-4 ment againft fuch Teftimony, in cafe where fuch ‘ Outlawry is pronounced at the King’s Suit.’

CAP. XIV.

Night-Walkers and fufpe6ted Perfons fhall be fafely kept.

ITEM come en leftatut fait a'Wynceftre en A temps meifme le Roi lael foit contenuz qe fi nul eftraunge paffe par pais de nuyt de qi homme eit fufpecion foit meinteriant areftu St livere au vif-counte St demoerge en garde tant qil foit duement delivers. Et diverfes roberies homicides Sc felonies pnt efte faitz einz ces heures par gentz qi font ap-pellez Roberdefmen Waftours St Draghlatche fi eft acorde & eftabli qe fi hommeeit fufpecion de mal. <de mils tielx foit il de jour foit il lie nuyt qe mein-tenanc foient areftuz par les coneftables des villes. Et fils foient areftuz en fraunchifes feient liverez as baiilifs des fraunchifes & ft en gildablc foient liverez as vifcountes Sc gardez en priionc tant qe a la venue des Juftices affignez a deliverer les gaoies. Et endementiers facent les vifcountes ou baiilifs des franchifes enquere des tielx areftuz & a la venue des Juftices retournant devant eux de ce lour enqueftes St ce qils averont triwez et les caufes des prifes od les corps et outre aillent les Juftices a la deliverance de tielx areftuz felonc la lei. Et en cas qe les vifcountes ou bailiits des fraunchifes nave-ront pas enquis de tielx areftuz foient amerciez et nient meins facent les Juftices enquere et outre ail-Jent a la deliverance come fus eft dit.

44 ITEM, Whereas in the Statute made at TVmcheJier “ I in the Time of King Edward, Grandfather to 44 the King that now is, it is contained, That if any 44 Stranger pafs by the Country in the Night, of whom 44 any have Sufpicion, he fhall prefcntly be-arrefted 44 anti delivered to the Sheriff, 2nd remain in Ward till 44 he be duly delivered. (2) And becaufe there have 44 been divers Man-flaughters, Felonies, and Robbe-’6e ries done in Times pall, by People that be called 44 Roberdefmen,. Wallors, and Draw-latches3” 4 (3) 4 it is accorded, That if any may have any evil Suf-4 picion of fuch, be it by Day or by Night, they fhall 4 be incontinently arrefted by the Conftables of the 4 Towns! (4) And if they be arrefted within Fran-4 chifes, they fhall be delivered to the Bailiffs of the 4 Franchife, and if in Guildable, they fhall be deli-4 vered to the Sheriffs, and kept in Prifon .till the com-4 ing down of the Juftices alEgned to deliver the Gaol. 4 (5! And in the mean Time the Sheriffs or Bailiffs of 4 the Franchifes fhall enquire of fuch Arrefts, and at 4 the coming of the Juftices return their Enquefts be-4 fore them, with that which they have found, and the 4 Caufe of the Takings, with the Bodies, and the Ju-4 ftices fnall proceed to the Deliverance of fuch Per-4 fons arrefted according to the Law. (6) And in 4 cafe that the Sheriffs or Bailiffs of the. Franchifes 4 have not enquired of fuch Arrefts, they fhall be 4 amerced, and neverthelcfs the Juftices fhall make 4 Enquiry, and further proceed to the Deliverance, as 4 before is faid.’

REX vicecomiti Ebor. falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos & magnatas & proceres regni noftri in parlia-mentonoftro apud Weftm’ ultimo ccnvocato pro communi utilitate populi regni noftri edita fub figillo noftro tibi mittimus in forma patenti manaantes quod ftatuta ilia in fingulis locis in balliva tua tarn infra libertates quam extra ubi expedire videris legi & ea in omnibus Sc fingulis fuis articulis publice proclamari Sc teneri facias. T. R. apud Weftm’ xvi die Octobris.

. Eodem modo mandatum eft fingulis vicecemitibus per Angliam. Ecjlc ut fuprci.

Memorandum quodiflud Jlatittum fimul cv.m Jlatutis precedent! bus tempore Regis Edvsardi ter tit pofl conqueflum faSiis inijfum fuit in Hibernian in forma patenti cum brevi fequenti :

REX dtlcdlo Sc fideli fuo Antonio de Lucy J.ufticiario luo Hibernie falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos prelatos comites barones Sc alios magnates de regno noftro edita in diverfis parlicmentis noftris poft-

E e 2	quam

Fitz. Error, 13,

Srat. Wincheft, 13Ed. i.Jlat.Zt c. 4.

3 Inft. 197.

By s H. 4. r.

Watches Jijail be

uJ>on ihcSia Ccajh

* Upon Advice bad ’With.

■f* And zv\tb tbofe if Li:, &c.

H Add the King and of, £? c>

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

quam gubernacula regni noftri fufcepimus vobis mittimus in forma patent! mandantes qued ftatuta predidla & omnes articulos in eis contehtos in prediifta terra noftra Hibernie tam infra libcrtates quam extra publice proelamari & quantum ad vos & populum noftrum partium illarum attinet firmiter teneri & ob'fervari facias. T. R. apud Norhampton xi. die Aprilis anno predidi Regis fexto.

Statutes made at York craftino Afcenfionis, Anno 9 Edvv. III. Stat. 1.

Anno Dom. 3335.

HERE AS before this Time in many Parliaments, and now at this prefent Parliament fummoned at York on the Morrow “ after tht Afcenfion, in the Ninth Year of the Reign “ of King Edward the Third after the Conqueft, it “ was fhewed to our faid Lord the King, by the rCnights 1,1 ot the Shires, Citizens of the Cities, and BurgelTes ‘£ of the Boroughs, which come for the Commons of “ the faid Shires, Cities, and Borouglis, that in divers tc Cities, Boroughs, and other Places of his Realm, “ great Durefs and grievous Damage have been done to “ him and his People by fome People of Cities, Bo-“ roughs, Ports of the Sea, and other Places of the “ faid Realm, which in long Time pall: have not fuf-“ fered, nor yet will fuffer Merchant Strangers, nor <£ other, which do carry and bring in by Sea or Land, “ Wines, Aver de pois, and other Livings and Viduals, “ with divers other Things to be fold, neceflary and “ profitable tor the King, his Prelates, Earls, Barons, “ and other Noblemen, and the Commons of this “ Realm, to fell or deliver fuch Wines, Livings, Vic-“ tuals, nor other Things to any other than to them-“ fclves, of the Cities, Boroughs, Ports of the Sea, “ or other Places where fuch Wines, Livings, Viduals, “ and other Things to be fold, fliall be brought or car-“ tied ; (2) by reafon whereof fuch Stuff aforefaid is “ iold (o the King and to his People, in the Hands of “ the faid Citizens, Burgeffes, and other People, De-“ nizens, more dear than they lliould be, if fuch “ Merchant Strangers, and others, which bring fuch “ Things into the Realm, might freely fell them to “ whom they would, to the great Damage of our Lord “ the King, and of his Prelates, Earls, Barons, and <c other Nobles of this Realm, and grievous Oppreflion “ of his Commons ; (3) whereupon the faid Knights, “ Citizens, and Burgeffes, for them and the Com-“ mons, defired our {aid Lord the King in his faid Par-<e liament, by their Petition, that for the Profit and “ Commodity of his Prelates, Earls, Barons, and <c other Nobles of this Realm, it may pleafe him with-“ out further Delay upon the faid Grievances and “ Outrage to provide Remedy.”'

Ex Rot. in Ynrr. Lond. m. 2;.

COME avant ces heures en plufurs parle-mentz et ore darrainement en parlement fo-mons a Everwyk a lendemayn de l'Afcenfion lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi Edward tierz apres le conquefl noefifme par les chivalers des countez citeins des citeez et burgeis des burghs queux y vindrunt pur les communaltez des qitz countez citez et burghs monftre fuft a 'noftre Seignur le Roi qe en plufours citez burghs et au-tres lieux de fon Roialme grantz durefees et outrages damageous eftoient faitz a lui et a poeple de fon Roialmcpar afeunes gentz des citez burghs portz de mecr et autres lisus du dit Roialme qi nount pas fuffert grant temps ne uncore lie foef-frent marchantz eftranges ne autres' qi mefnent ca-rient ou portent par meer et par ter re vins aver du pois et autres vivres vitailles et autres chofes ven-dables pur le Roi Prelatz Countes Barons nobles et le poeple de fon Roialme neceffairs et profitables les ditz vins vivres vitailles ne autres chofes vendahles vendre ne bailler as autres qe a ceux de meifmes les citez burghs portz de meer ou autres lieux ou les ditz vins vivres vitailles ou autres chofes venda-bles ferront mefnez cariez ou portez-et par cefi font les chofes fufnemes mifes et vendues au Roi & a fon poeple en les meins des ditz citeins burgeis & autres gentz denzeines a trop grande cherte outre ceo qe eles eufient eftez fi les marchantz e-flranges & autres qi’font venir tieles chofes deinz le Roialme les peuilent franehement vendre a qi qils voufiffent a grant damage de noftre Seignur le Roi & des Prelatz Countes Barons & autres nobles de fon Roialme 5z opprefiion de fon poeple Sur quei les ditz chivalers citeins & burgeis pur eux Sc pur le communes prierunt a noftre Seignur le Roi en dit parlement par le petiefon qe pur fon profit & pur le profit des ditz Prelatz Countes Barons nobles & de poeple de fon Roialme lui pluft faunz plus delay fur les ditz durefees & outrages mettae. reinede covenable..

CAP. I.

Merchant Strangers may buy and fell within this Realm without Difturbance.'

( TVUR Lord the King, defiring the Profit of his ‘ V/ People, * by the AJfent of his Prelates, Earls, ‘ Barons, and other Nobles of his Realm, fummoned ‘ at his Parliament, f and by the Advice of his .Council c being there, upon the faid Things difclofed to him, ‘ and found true, to the great Hurt of || the faid Pre-* lates, Earls, and Barons, and other Nobles of his

NOftre Seignur le Roi defirant le profit de fon poeple en avifement ove les Prelatz Counter Barons & autres nobles de foil Roialme a fon dit parlement fomons & ove ceux de fon confeil illoeqes efteantz des dites chofes a lui monftrees trova qe meifmes les chofes furunt veritables a grant damage de lui Sc des Prelatz Countes Barons & autres nobles.

Stat. i

213

Ex Ret. in Tun. Lone!, bles de fon Roialme & oppreffion de fon poeple par quei par le dit noftre Seignur le Roi de laftentdes ditz Prelatz Countes Barons h autres nobles de fon Roialme & les communes avantdites ordine eft & eftabli qe touz marchantz alienz & denzeins h touz autres &■ chefcuns de eux de quel eftatou condition qils foient qi achatre ou vendre voillent blez vins avoir de pois chares peflbn & touz autres vivres & vitailles laines drapz mercez marchandifes & tote manere dautres chofes vendables de queu part qils veignent par foreins ou par denzeins a quel lieu qe ceo foit cite burgh ville porte de meer feire marche ou autre lieu deinz meifme le Roialme deinz fran-chife ou dehors les peuflent franebement & faunz deftourber vendre a qi qe lor pleft auxibien as foreins come as denzeins forfpris les enemys de noftre Seignur le Roi & de fon Roialme. Et ft pur cas deftourbance foit faiteanul marebant alien ou den-zein ou a autre fur la vente des tiels chofes en citee burgh ville port de nieer ou autre lieu qe franchife eit & les maire baillifs ou autres qe unt garde de la dite franchife requis paries ditz marchantz ou autre de ent faire remedie & il ne le face & de ceo foit atteint foit la franchife prife en la mein le Roi. Et nient meinz foit tenuz lui & les autres qi auront faite cele deftourbance contre ceft eftatut tie render & reftorer au dit marchant fes damages qil avera foeffert par cele enchefon au double. Et ft tiele deftourbance foit faite as tiels marchantz ou as autres es villes 011 lieux cu franchife neft & le Seignur ftl foit prefent ou fon baillif coneftable ou autre gardein des dites villes & lieus en abfence des Seig-nurs ent requis de faire droit ne le facent & de ceo foient atteintz rendent le damage au pleintif au double auxi come defus eft dit & les deftourbeours en lun cas & en lautre auxibien deinz franchifes come dehors fils foient atteintz eient la prifone dun an fc jadumeins foient reintz a la volunte le Roi. Auxint eft ordine 5: eftabli qe nul alien ne der.zein fur meifmes les peines ne foit deftourbez qil ne peuffe franchement achatre les chofes fufnomes es lieux fufditz & carier la ou lui plerra a fon oeps demeigne ou al profit du Roi et des grantz et du poeple du dit Roialme forfpris qe les marchants aliens ne amefnent vins horsde meifme le Royalme come eft contenu en lor chartre. Et eft ordene et eftabli qe les dites chofes foient tenues gardez et fournies en chefcune cite burgh ville port de mer et autre lieu deinz le dit Roialme nient contre-ftante chartre de franchife a eux grante a contrair ne ufage ne cuftume ou jugementz renduz fur lor ebartres ufages ou cuftumes qi eux purront aileger les queles chartres ufages et cuftumes fi nulles foient noftre Seignur le Roi Prelatz Countes Barons et grantz et communaltz avantditz tienent de nulle force comes chofes grantes ufes ou acuftumes au damage du Roi Prelatz Countes Barons et grantz de fon Roialme et oppreffion de fon poeple fauve totefoitz au Roi & as autres les cuftumes dues des dites marchandifes. Auxint ordine eft et eftabli qe le Chanceller Treforer et juftices aftignez a tenir les plez le Roi es lieus ou il viegnent enquergent des tides deftourbances et grevances et facent pas'

‘ Realm, and Oppreffion of his Commons, % bath or-% AM mien-4 dained and ejiablijbed, That all Merchants, Stran- !'P°" ‘‘ «

‘ gers and Denizens, and all other and every of them,	.

‘ of what Eftate or Condition foever they be, that will LfritbeKh^lj 4 buy or fell Corn, Wines, Aver de pois, Flefh, Fifti, the Affem oftu ‘ and all other Livings and Viduals, Woolls, Clothes, fad Pnlcta,

4 Wares, Merchandifes, and all other Things vendi- Earls, ^ama,

4 hie, from whence foever they come by Foreigners or j0,h.crAe 4 Denizens, at what place foever it be, City, Borough ■>Z.,nsaforc{a\d~

4 Town, Port of the Sea, Fair, Market, or elfewhere Altered by 16 Rr 4 within the Realm, within Franchife or without, may i. c. 1. 9H. 3.

4 freely without Interruption fell them to what Per- ft3t- *■ c- 3°*

‘ fons it {hall pleafe them, as well to Foreigners as 4 Denizens; except always the Enemies of our Lord ‘ the King, and of his Realm. (2) And if haply any What Punifli-4 Difturbance be done to any Merchant, Stranger, or mentfrail bein-4 Denizen, or any other for the Sale of fuch Things fh^that'di ‘ in any City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, or Merchant* 4 other Place which hath Franchife, and the Mayors to fell their 4 and Bailiffs, or other which hath the Rule of fuch Commoiitkf.

4 Franchife, being required by the faid Merchants, or 4 other, thereof to provide R.emedy, arid do not, and 4 be thereof attainted, the Franchife fhall be feifed into 4 the King’s Hands. (3) And neverthelefs he and the 4 other which hath done this Difturbance againfc this 4 Statute, {hall be bound to yield and reftore to the ‘ faid Merchant bis double Damages which be hath.

4 thereby fuftained. (4) And if fuch Difturbance or 4 Interruption be done to fuch Merchants, or to other 4 in fuch Towns or Places where no Franchife is; and 4 the Lord, if he be prefent, or his Bailiff, Conftable,'

4 or other Ruler of the faid Towns and Places, in the 4 Abfence of the Lords, being therein required to do ‘ Right, and do not, and thereof be attainted they 4 fliail yield to the Party Plaintiff his double Damages,

4 as afore is faid; (5) and the Difturbers in the one 4 Cafe and the other, as well within Franchifes as ‘ without, if they Ire attainted, fhall have one Year’s ‘ Tmprifonment, and neverthelefs be rar.fomed at the ‘ King’s Will. (6) And it is ordained and cftabliftied,

‘ That no Alien or Denizen upon the fame Pain fhall ‘ be troubled, but that he may freely buy fuch Things c aforefaid in the faid Places, and carry them where it ‘ plenfeth him, to his own Ufe, or to the Profit of the ‘ King, or of the great Men, or the Commons of the 4 Realm; (7) faving that fuch Merchants Aliens fhall •Alicr,s 4 cany no Wine out of the fame Realm, as is con- "rtry0”°|jlelns 4 tained in their Charter. (8) And it is enadted arid Reaim,

4 eftabliftied, 1'hat the Things aforefaid fhall be ob-4 ferved, performed, and kept in even/ City, Borough,

4 Town, Port of the Sea, and other Places within the 4 Realm, notwithftanding Charters of Franchife grant-4 ed to them to the contrary, nor Ufage, nor Cuftom,

4 nor Judgement given upon their Charters, Ufages,

4 or Cuftoms that they can alledge; (9) which C'nar-4 ters, Ufages, and Cuftoms (if any be) our Lord the 4 King and the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Great Men,.

4 and the Commons aforefaid, hold them of no Force,,

4 as Things granted, ufed, or accudomed, to the Da-4 mage of the King and his Prelates, Earls, Barons,

4 and Great Men of his Realm, and to the Oppreffion 4 of the Commons ; faved aiwav to ihe King, and to 4 other, the Cuftoms due of the l/i-J Merchandifes.

4 (io) It is alfo ordained and provided, That the Chart- who may en-4 cellor, Treafurer, and the Juftices affigned to hold fl“ire 4 the King’s Pleas, in Places where they come, fhall 4 enquire of fuch Difturbat.ees and Grievances- and e,n“3 • '•rt -1 4 the fame fhall punifh according as is before ordained.

1 CnJ

?i4

Stat. u

Anno nono Edwardi HI*'	A.	D.	1335.

Enforced by 25 Ed.	4.	4

c. 2.	*

The Statute of c Clothes.	*

2 R. 2. flat- 1. c.i. 11R.2, c. /Adventurer*.

(n) And neverthelefs the King fhall affign by Com-miffion of his Great Seal certain Perfons, where and when it fhall pleafe him, to enquire of fuch Difturb-ances and Grievances, and the lame to punifh, as before is faid.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. niffement folonc ceo qeft avant ordine. Et nient-meins qe le Roi face afligner par commilfion de fon grant feal certeines gentz ou et quant lui plerra denquere de tieles deftourbances et grevances et de faire punifTement come defus eft dit.

7. See 5 II. 4, c. g.,	6	H.	4.	c.	4..	putting	Merchant	Strangers	under	fame	Rcjiriclioni.	Sec	liiewifc	izH.y.	c,	6,	concerning	Merchant

CAP. II.

No Man fhall lofe Land becaufe of Nonplevin.

*	TTEM, At the Requeft of the Commons aforefaid,

*	JL made to our Lord the King at the faid Parliament,

*	our Lord the King, for the Eafe of his People, by

*	the Affent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other

*	great Men, and the Commons aforefaid, hath put ‘ out Nonplevin of Land, which hath been accuftomed ‘ in the Time of his Progenitors and his own Time, e and the Pain alfo that was wont to enfue, in cafe the ‘ Land was not replevied in due Time. (2) Alfo it is

*	enacted, That none fhall lofe his Land from hence-

*	forth becaufe of Nonplevin-, and that this Statute hold ■* Place as well in Pleas yet hanging, wherein no Judge-1 ment is given, as in Time to come.’

ET auxint a la requefte des ditz communaltez faite a noftre dit Seignur le Roi a fon dit par-lement noftre Seignur le Roi pur le eife de fon poe-ple par affent des rrelatz Countes Barons et autres grantz et communes avantditz ad ofte Nonplevine de terre qad eft acuftume en temps de fes aunce-ftres et fon temps et les peines qe loleient fuire ericas qe terre ne full mie plevie en du temps. Et auxint eft ordine et eftabli qe nul ne perde fa terre defore par caufe de Nonplevine et qe ceft eftatut eit lieu auxibien en plez pendantz ou jugement neft mie rendu come en temps avenir.

CAP. III.

In A Writ of Debt againft divers Executors, they fhall not fourch by Effoin.’

Iro. Pari. 24.

3 H. 6. f. 14. 7 H. 4. f. 10.

In An A&ion of Debt brought 22a nft divers Kxectitcr?, lie which firft ap-pcareih fhall iiiifvsrr.

‘ TTEM, At the Requeft of the faid Commons made

*	J to our Lord the King in his faid Parliament, it is c ordained and eftablifhccl by our Lord the King, by

*	the Affent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other ‘ great Men, and the Commons aforefaid, That in a ‘ Writ of Debt brought againft divers Executors, the

*	fame Executors, nor any of them, fhall have but one ‘ Effoin before Appearance, thatistofay, at the Sum-‘ mons or Attachment, nor after Appearance they fhall ‘ have but one Effoin, as the Teftator fhould have had,

*	fo that all the Executors do prefent the Perfon of the

*	Teftator as one Perfon. (2) It is alfo enabled, That ‘ though the Sheriff do anfwer at the Summons, that c fome of them have nothing whereby he may be fum-‘ moned, yet there fhall an Attachment be awarded

*	upon them. (3) And if the Sheriff anfwer, that he ‘ hath nothing whereby he may be attached, the great ‘ Diftrefs fhall be awarded, fo that at the great Diftrefs 1 returned upon them, he or they that do firft appear ‘ in the Court fhall anfwer to the Plaintiff. (4) And ‘ although fome of them have appeared in the Court, c and make Default at the Day that the great Diftrefs c is returned upon the other, yet neverthelefs he or

*	they fhall be put to anfwer, that firft appeared at the

*	great Diftrefs returned. (1) And in cafe the Judge-c ment pafs for the Plaintiff, he fhall have his Judge-‘ ment and Execution againft them that have pleaded, ‘ according to the Law heretofore ufed, and againft all ‘ other named in the Writ, of the Goods of the Tef-‘ tator, as well as if they had all pleaded. (6) And it ‘ is to be underftood, that if any in fuch Cafe will fue ‘ according to the Law that hath been ufed heretofore, 5 he may freely do it notwithstanding this Statute.’

X7NTement a la requefte des dites communaltez kZj faite a noftre Seignur le Roi a fon dit parle-ment ordine eft & eftabli par noftre Seignur le Roi del affent des Prelatz Countes Barons & autre grantz & communes avantdites qe ou brief de dette eft porte vers plufurs executours qe les ditz execu-tours ne nul de eux ne eit forfque un effoigne avant apparance ceft affavoir a la lomonfe ou a latta-chement ne apres apparance ne eint qe un effoigne come 1c teftatour avereit iffint qe mes ne pueflent foercher par effoigne ne avant apparance ne apres apparance & pur ceoqe touz les executours repre-fentent la perfone le teftatour come une perfone fi eft auxint acorde & eftabli qe tout foit ceo qe vif-conte refpoigne a le fomonfe qe afeun de eux neit riens ou il poet eftre fomons jadumeins foit agarde latachement fur lui. Et fi le vifeonte refpoigne qil nad riens par quei il poet eftre attache foit agarde le grande deftrefee ifiint qe a la grande deftrefee retourne fur eux refpoigne al pleintif celui ou ceux qi pi imerment apparra ou apparrunt en court. Et tout foit ceo qe afeun de eux eit apparu en court & face defaute au jour qe ia grande deftrefee foit retourne fur les autres jadumeins refpoigne celui ou ceux qi primes appara ou apparrunt a la grande deftrefee retourne. Et en cas qe jugement paffe pur le pleintif fe face le jugement & execution de-vers ceux qi unt pledez folonc la lei avant ufe & devers touz les autres nomez en le breif des biens le teftatour auxicome ils euffent treftouz pledez. Et eft a entendre qe fi nul en tieu cas voudra fuire felonc la lei qe cea enarere ad efte ufe qe franche-ment le peuffe faire nient contreftant ceft eftatut.

CAP.

A. D. 1335

Anno nono Edwardi III,

Stat. i*

2IS

CAP. IV.

Trial of a Deed dated where the King’s Writ runneth not.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ET auxint pur ceo qe avant ces hourcs plufures gentz unt efte fovent delaiez de lor actions auxibien en aflifes & autres plez de terre come en contradlz coven an tez Sc trefpafles par enchefon qe les tenantz ou defendantz unt mysen barre relefles quiteclamances ou autre fait efpecial faitz deinz franchifes dedeinz des bolides du roialme ou brief le Roi ne court mie acorde eft & eftabli qe quant tieux faitez font mis avant en barre dadtion por-tantz date de lieu deinz meifme la franchife tout foit il qe tefmoignes de meifme la franchife foient nomez en mefmes les faitz & meifmes les faitz foient deditz foit proces fait en meifme le counte ou le plee ferra mu de faire venir bon pais et les tefmoignes Sc ft les tefmoignes ne viegnent mie a la

frande deftrefce retourne adonqes purlabfence des itz tefmoignes ne leflent les juftices qils naillent a la prife de lenquefte auxi come le fait portaft date de meifme le counte ou le pie full meu & qe les tefmoignes feuflent de meifme le counte.

“ A ND becaufe in Times paft many have been “ il oftentimes delayed of their Adtion, as well in “ Aflifes and other Pleas of Land, as in Contracts,

“ Covenants, and TrefpafTes, by reafon that theTe-“ nants or Defendants have pleaded in Bar a Releafe,

“ Quit-claim, or other fpecial Deed, made within a “ Franchife within the Bounds of the Realm, where c the King’s Writ runneth not;” ‘(2) it is enadled\gH. 6. f, iz< e and eftablifhed, That when fuch Deeds be fhewed ‘ forth in Bar of an Adbion, bearing Date in a Place c within the fame Franchife, although there be Wit-‘ nefles of the fame Franchife named in the fame

*	Deeds, if the fame Deeds be denied, Procefs (hall be c awarded into the fame County where the Plea fhall ‘ be moved, to have the Inqueft of the Country and

*	the Witnefles to appear; (3) and if the Witnefles

*	come not at the great Diftrefs returned, then for the ‘ Abfence of the faid Witnefles, the Juftices fhall not c let to proceed to the taking of the Inqueft, as well as ‘ if fuch Deed did bear Date in the fame Shire where

*	the Plea was moved, and the Witnefles were of the

*	fame County.’

CAP. V.

Which Juftices fhall fend their Records and Procefs determined into the Exchequer.

ET enfement a la requefte des dites communal-tez ad noftre Seignur le Roi de meifme laflent ordine & eftabli qe Juftices as aflifes prendre gaoles deliverer & doier & terminer aflignez touz le re-cordes & procefles terminez & maundez en execution mandent a lefcheqier a la Scint Michel chefcun an unefoitz a liverer illoeqes & qe le Treforer & les chaumbreleins qi pur temps ferront vewes les commiflions des ditz Juftices meifmes les recordes & procefles refeeivent des ditz Juftices ou defouz lor feals & les gardent en treforie come manere eft iflint totes foitz qe les ditz Juftices primes preig-nent hors les eftretes des ditz recordes Sc procefles devers eux pur mander a lefcheqier come avant fo-leient.

c TTEM, At the Requeft of the Commons, our

*	Lord the King by the faid Aflent hath ordained c and eftaoiifhed. That Juftices of Aflifes, Gaol-de-‘ livery, and of Oyer and Terminer, fhall fend all their ‘ Records and Procefles determined and put in Execu-‘ tion, to the Exchequer at Michaelmas, every Year ‘ once to be delivered there; (2) and the Treafurer ‘ and Chamberlains, which for the Time fhall bej ‘ having the Sight of the Commiflions of fuch Juftices,

1 fhall receive the fame Records and Procefles of the ‘ faid Juftices under their Seals, and keep them in the

*	Treafury, as the Manner is ; (3) fo that the Juftices ‘ always do firft take out the'Ellreats of the faid Re-

c cords and Procefles againft them, to fend to the Ex- n h. 4. c. 3.

‘ chequer, as they were wont before.’	Records}hdllnot

be impaired-cr

REX majoli Sc ballivis ville Suthampton falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos in parliamento noftro apud	af,tr	,

Eborum in craftino Afcenfionis Domini proximo preterito convocato de aflenfu prelatorum comitum baronum Sc totius comunitatis regni noftri ibidem exiftentium ad communem utilitatem populi ejufdem regni edita vobis mittimus figillo noftro confignata mandantes quod ftatuta ilia Sc omnes articulos in eis contentos in villa predidta legi & publice proclamari & quantum ad vos pertinet firmiter obfervari faciatis. T. R. apud Novum Caftrem fuper Tynam xxx. die Junii.

Eodcm mock mandatum ejl fubfcriptis (mutatis mutandis) videlicet Majori &' vicecomitibus London\	Majori	& ballivis ville Suthampton.

Mcjori & ballivis ville BriftoV. Ballivis ville Magne Jernemuth, Ballivis civitatis Lincoln’. Ballivis ville de Sandwico. Ballivis ville de Lenne Epifcopi,

Jujliciariis ad placita coram regc ter.enda.ajjignatis. Ticiariis de Banco.

befaurario & baronibus de Scaccario. Singulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

The

*The Statute of Money, made at York craftino Aflcnlionis, Anno 9EDW. III. Stat. 2. W Anno Dom. 1335.

W ITT' DWARD by the Grace of God, King of “ IN England, &c. to the Sheriff of N. Greeting. <u M,—J Becanfe we have perceived that divers People “ beyond the Sea do endeavour themfelves tocounter-4C feit our Sterling Money of England, and to fend cc into England their weak Money, in Deceit of us, “ and Damage and Oppreffion of our People, if Re-14 medy be not provided ; we, willing to prevent and “ let all fuch Deceits, Damages, and Oppreffions, <c and that our good Money be increafed in our Realm, “ and other Countries within our Power, to the Profit “ of us and our Subjects, by the Afl'ent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men of our Realm, “ at our Parliament holden at York, the Morrow of the “ Afcenfion laft paft, there afl’embled, have ordained 16 and elfablifhed thefe Things enfuing in the Manner under-written.”

Cotton A1S. Nero, C. r.

EDWARD per la grace de Dieu Roy Dengl’ &c. as toutz; gentz &c. falutz Pur ceo qe nous avoms entenduz qe plufours gentz par dela le mear fafforcent a countrefaire noftre bon monoie denvoircr en noftre Roialm en defceit de nous damage &' oppreffion de noftre poeple ft re-medie ne y foit mys Nous voillantz as tieux damages & oppreffions areftier & fur ceo qe noftre dit bone monoie foit multiplie deinz noftre Roi-alme & lez terrez de noftre pouer au profit de nous & de noz fubmys purveier remedie covenable per afient des Prelatz Countz Barouns de noftre dit Roialme a noftre parlement tenuz a Everwik len-dcmayn del aflumption profcheyn paffe afi'emblez avoms ordeigne & cfhblie lez chofez qenfuent etv le maner fouthefcripte.

CAP. I.

None fhall convey Gold or Silver forth of the Realm without the King’s Licence.'

Aheniby 3s Ed ' TTLIS T it is provided, That from henceforth no Z-Jlat. 1. c. 2. ' c C? Religious Man, nor other, fhall cariy any Sterling out of the Realm of England, nor Silver in Plate,

5 R, 2. Eat. i. c. 2. 2 H, 4.

yj^Rimerement purvieu eft qe null hornme defor-X mez de religion nautre ne porte lefterling hors ,!u Roialme Dengl’ nargent en plate ne veffel dor nor Veffel of Gold, nor of Silver, upon Pain of For- . ue dr.gent fur forfaiture de la monoie plate ou vef-

‘ feiture of the Money, Plate, or Veil'd that he fhall J	1:c S- « fo carry, without our efpecial Licence.’

See farther

cerning the Exportation of Gold and Silver, 4 H, 4. c. 15	16.	5	H. 4. c, 9.

15 Car. 2. c. j.fec. la. 9	10 W, 3. c. 28.	10 Amu c. 26.	6	Geo. 1. c. 11

! fed dor r.e d. gie de nous.

0.7 H. ('. c. 3.	17	Ed. 4. c. 1.

. and 12 Geo. 2. c. 26.

ent qii portera faunz efpecial coun-3ff. 7. c. 8.	19	H.	7.	c.	5.	jEd.6.c,6.

CAP. II.

No falfe Money or counterfeit Sterling fhall be brought into the Realm.

Enforced by 1 Sc z Fh. & M. c. 11.

14 El. c. 3.

33 & 14 Car. 2,

c. 31. and fee tie References to the foregoing Chapter,

ITEM, That no falfe Money or counterfeit Sterling be brought into the Realm, nor elfewhere within our Power, upon Forfeiture of fuch Money; (z) fo always that all People, of what Realm or Dominion they be, may fafeiy bring to the Exchanges, and to no Place elfe, Bullion Silver in Plate, Veffel of Silver, and 'all Manner of Money of Silver, of what Value foever it be (faving falfe Money, and Sterling counterfeit) and there receive good and convenient Exchange.’

y TEM qe null’ faux monoie ne counterfet de-f, fteriing ne foit porte el Roialme ne aillours en noftre pouer fur forfaiture de la monoie Iffint toutz viez qe toutz gentz de qeconqe Roialme ou pouer qils foient puiffent fauvement porter as lez efehaun-gez ou bullion & ne mye aillours argent en plate veffel dargent & toutz maners des monoiez dargent de qeconqe value qils foient fauve faux monoie Sc lefterling counterfait & illoeqs refeeivent bone Sc covenable efehaunge.

CAP. III.

No Sterling Farthing or Halfpeny fhall be molten to make Veffel.

*	TTEM, That no Sterling Halfpeny nor Farthing’

*7 Ed’.*’, c.V, 1 A be molten for to make Velfel, or any otherThing 19 H, 7! c/j,' ‘ by Gbldfiniths, nor other, upon Forfeiture of the •3* 14Car. z. ‘ Money fo molten; (z) and that the Goldfmith, or c' 3*.	‘	other, which hath fo molten fuch Money, fhall be

‘ committed to Prifon, there to remain till he hath ‘ yielded unto us the one half of that that he hath fo ‘ molten, notvvithftanding any Charter or Franchife

*	granted or ufed to the contrary.’

ET qe null’ efterling mall ne ferling ne foit foundue pur vcflell’ ne autre chofe faire per orpheours natures fur forfaiture de la monoie foun-du & qe lorpheour ou autre qe lavera iffint foundii foit mys a la prifon’ Si illoeques deinurge tanqz il avera rendue a nous la moitc oil avera iffint foundu nient contrifteant Chartre ou Fraunchife ou ufee a contrarie,

CAP.

A. 15. 13*35a

Anno nono Edyvardi III.

Stat. 2.

217

CAP. IV.

Black Money fhall not be current in this Realm.

Cotton MS.

ET qe tout manere de noir monoie qe current ja communement en noz Roialme Sc pouer foient tout 0 B.

ounrement ouftez iffint qe null’ courge apres le mois profchein apres la crie fait fur forfaiture de mefmc la monoie.

CAP. V.

t	.	.	„

The Reward of thofe that will fue againfl the Offenders of this Statute.

ET qe chefcune homme qe voudra fuer pur nous countre cell ordeignaunce foil a ceo refceu Sc de ceo qe o B. ferra iffint dereine a-fa fuite a profit de nous eit la quart denier.

C A P. VI.

There fhall be no defrauding of this Statute.

ET qe Mair ou Baillifs-en chefcune port ou Marchauntz ou neifs fount priegnent ferement dez Mar- o B, chauntz Sc meftrez dez niefs aillantz Sc retournantz qils ne ferrount null’ Fraude countre cefl ordeignaunce en null’ point.

CAP. VII.

Exchanges fhall be where it fhall pleafe the King and his Council.

ET qe tablez dez efchaungez foit a Dovorr’ et aillours ou Sc quaunt il femblera a nous Sc a noflre coun- o E, feill pur faire efchaunges et qe lez Gardeinz dez ditz tablez facent efchaungez per tefmoignance de Countrollours queux nous y mettroms.

C A P. VIII.

Pilgrims fhall pafs at Dover only.

ET qc null pilrine paflc hors de noflre Roialme vers lez partiez de la forfqe a Dovorr’ fur peyne dempri- Repealed b? fonement dun an.	2tJac.1_c.2S.

4 Ed.4. c. 10.

C A P. IX.	13 R. z.flat, li

C. 20.

Search fhall be made for Money carried out, and falfe Money brought in.

ET qe bon garde eflroite & ferche fe face en touz lieux fur la coflier de la mear es portz & aillours ou.

null manere darrival eft per bon Sc loialx Jurrez qe en noun de nous facent diligcalment fercher qe null de quele condition ou eftate qil foit ne porte monoie defterlinge argent en plate ou en vefTell dor ne dargent hors de noflre Roialme faunz coungie de nous ne ne port es ditz Roialme ou pouer monoie faux ne countre-fait lefterling come avaunt eft ditz fur les peynez Sc forfaiturez fuis ditz Et la monoie veffiel ou plate enfy forfait foit livere a noz efchaungez per endenture dont lune partie demura vers les fercheours Si foit liverce al efchequer Sc per icell foit le Gardcin dez efchaungez charge de ceo qil avera refceu.

CAP. X.

The Searchers fhall have the Fourth Part of the Forfeiture.

ET qe lezSercheours eient de noflre don’le iiij denier pur lour travaille de quaunt qils troeflent iffint forfait Sc ft lez fercheours facent reles ou defport a nulluy Sc de ceo foient atteintz foient a Ja forfaiture de quaunt ils averount en biens.

cap. xr.

Hoftlers fhall be fworn to fearch their Guefl3.

ET qe lez Hoftillers en chefcune Port ou pafiage eft foient fermentez de faire le ferche fur lour Hoftez < en la manere qe lez Sercheours ferront & eient le quart denier de ceo qils trovent forfait iffint a nous come averount lez ditz Sercheours Sc eft noflre entention qe lez ditz Sercheours aient poiar de fercher lez hojflez Sc de foy enfourmer dez faitz des Hoftillers Sc qe lez Hoftillers en cas qils foient trovez en fraude countre lez ditz chofez qils foient punitz Sc encourgent la forfaiture fuifefcript purquoy nous vous man-Vol. I,	F	f	dom3

Cotton MS.

dims fcrmement enjoignauntz qc maintenaunt vewez ceftz letrez toutz lez articlez & pointz fuifditz facez crier & publier en iceftz Citeez & Burghs Villez Marchantz Portz & toutz autres lieux permye voftre baillie auxibien dedeinz fraunchifez come dehors lou vous vorrez qe foit affaire & en toutz lez lieux dedeinz voftre baillie ou meftier ferra forfpris lez lieux ou tielz Gardeinz & Sercheours ferrount deputez per nous facez tieux Sercheours Sc Gardeinz eftafclier Sc jurrer de ceft noftre ordeignaunce tenir & garder en la fourme fuifdit fur lez peynez en ceft fourme contenuz & de nouns de ceux qe ifiint ferrount aflignez Sercheours & Gardeinz de par nous faunz delay ccrtifiez iez Treforer et Barons de noftre Elchequer Don’

Statutes made at WePcminfter Anno 10 Ed vv. Ill, St at. i„ and Anno

Dom. 1336.

* T^ECAUSE our Lord the King, Edward the “	Third after the Conqueft (which fovereignly

“	defireth the Maintenance of his Peace, and

“ Safeguard of his People) hath perceived at the Com-“ plaint of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and alfo at the “ thewing of the Knights of the Shires and his Com-“ mens, by their Petition put in his Parliament holden “ at IVe/iminJicr the Monday next after Midlent, in the t£ Tenth Year of his Reign, divers Oppreflions and “ Grievances done to his faid People, and namely by Murderers, Robbers, Thieves, Ravifhers of Women, tc and other Felons; coveting to ob'vent the Malice of “ fuch Felons, and to fee a conveniable Remedy, hath tc ordained and eftablifhed, by the Affent of the faid “ Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of this “ Realm, and at the R.equeft of the faid Knights and “ Commons, for the Quietnefs and Peace of his Peo-11 pie, that the Articles underneath written be kept and “ maintained in all Points.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. H-

PUR ce qe noftre Seignur le Roi Edwaeb tierce apres le conqueft qe defire fovereine-ment la meintenance de fa pees Sc falvation de fon poeple ad entendu a la pleinte des Prelatz Countez & Barouns & auxint a la demonftrance des chivalers des countez & gentz de commune par lor petition mife en fon parlement tenu aWett-monftier le Lundy procheine apres my Quarefme. Ian de fon regne difme diverfes oppreflions & gre-vances faites a fon dit poeple & nomement par murdrours robeours larouns ravifours des femmes Sc autres felons coveitant pur refreindre la malice des tielx felons & purveer de remede covenable ft ad ordine Sc eftabli del affent des ditz Prelatz Coun-tes Barouns & autres Nobles de fon Roialme & a la requefte des ditz chivalers & gentz de commune.' pur quiete Sc pees de fon dit poeple qe les articles foutheferitz foient gardez & meintenuz en touz, pointz.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of former Statutes.

FIrft it is accorded and eftablifhed, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft, and alfo * the Statutes made in the Time of the King’s Proge-* nitors, and alfo in his own Time, be kept, holden, ‘ and firmly maintained, as well by the great Men as * by the fmall, and the rich Men as the poor.’

EN primes fi eft acorde & eftabli qe la Grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte et auxint les eftatutz faitz en temps des progenitours noftre Seignur le Roi et en fon temps demeigne foient tenuz gardez et fermement meintenuz auxibien de-vers les grantz come devers les petitz et les riches come les povres.

CAP. II.

Pardons fhall not be granted contrary to the Statute of 2 Edw. 3. cap. 2.

u TT TEM, Whereas Murderers, Robbers, and other k Felons, be greatly encouraged to offend, by rea-“ fon that Charters of Pardon of Man-daughter, Rob-“ bery. Felonies, and other Trefpaffes againft the “ Peace, have been fo lightly granted before this “ Time;” ‘ (2) it is accorded and eflnblifbed by our ‘ Lord the King, by the Affent of his Prelates, Earls, 1 Barons, and at the Requeft of the faid Knights and a EJ. 3. c. 2.	‘	Commons, That no fuch Charters, from henceforth

chart, dc Par- ‘ fhall be granted by our Lord the King, againft the ion, Br. 10.	‘	Form of a Statute late made at Northampton the Se-

‘ cond Year of his Rti2n-’

*. ®s>

ENfement pur ce qe murdrours robeours larons et autres felons font grandement efbaudiz de meffaire de ce qe chartres de pardoun des homicides roberies felonies et autres trefpas contre la pees ont efte fi legerment grantezavant ces heures fi eft acorde et eftabli par noftre Seignur le Roi del affent des Prelatz Contes et Barons et a la requefte des ditz chivalers et gentz de commune qe nulles tieles chartres defore foient grantez par noftre Seignur le Roi contre la forme del eftatut fait nadgaires, a Northampton lan du regne le Roi qore eft fecond.

CAP.

A. D. 1336,

Anno decimo Edwardi III,

Stat. 1

2 (9

CAP. III.

He that hath a Pardon of Felony fhall find Sureties for his good abearing.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ET quant as chartres gran-ez en temps pafle ft eft acorde Sc eftabli par noftre Seignur le Roi de meifme Repealed by laftent & a la dite requeft qe touz ceux qi tieles chartres ont vignent devant les vifcontes Sc coroners des 5W. & M.t.13. countez ou les felonies font faites entre cy Sc la Natitive de Seint Johan prochein avenir Sc chefcun de eux f.2-troefle devant les ditz vifcontes Sc coroners des countez ou les felonies font faites fys bons Sc fuffifantz mein-pernours pur queux les ditz vifcontes Sc coroners voudrent refpoundre qe bien Sc loialment fe portent defore.

Et foient les meinprifes enfeales de lor feals Sc returnes en Chauncellerie a la quinzeine de la dite fefte de Seint Johan. Et ceux qi fe voillent eider par tieles chartres Sc neient trove meinprife come fus eft dit ou apres la meinprife trove fe portent autrement contre la pees qe faire deveront foient les chartres tenues pur nulles. Et en cas qe noftre Seignur le Roi grante nulles tieles chartres en temps avenir qe deinz le treis mois apres les confeftiones dicelles vignent ceux qi averont les dites chartres Sc troeflent devant les ditz vifcontes Sc coroners des countez ou les felonies font faites autiele meinprife Sc en manere come devant de lor bon port Sc foient les meinprifes enfealez Sc returnes en Chancellerie deinz les tres femcignes apres la fin des ditz treis mors Et ft ceux qi tieles chartres averont pur temps avenir fe voillent eider par icelles Sc neient trove tiele meinprife ou apres la meinprife trove fe portent autrement contre la pees qe faire deveront foient les chartres tenues pur nulles come fus eft dit.

Statutes of Purveyors, made at Weftminfter, Anno ioEdw. III. Stat. 2.

Dom. 1336.

“ f | 1HESE be the Articles accorded in the Par-“	S liament of our Lord King Edward the

“	Third after the Conqueft, holden at Wejl-

“ minfter, the Monday next after the half of Lent, in “ the Tenth Year of his Reign, by ourfaid Lord the “ King, with the Aflent of the Prelates, Earls, Ba-“ rons, and alfo at the Requeft of the Knights of the “ Shires, and the Commons, by their Petitions put in “ the faid Parliament.”

CAP, I.

Things purveyed for the King’s Houfe fhall be praifed, and Tallies made thereof.

I' N primes eft acorde pur la malice refreindre des purveiours des Hoftels le Roi la Reyne & de lor en- ,2 c:lr. *, c. 54.

L faniz Sc dautres des durefees par eux faitz au dit poeple par lour outrajoufes prifes pur meifmes les ho- take * aivuj Fir-ftielx Sc en autre manere qe larticle contenu en un eftatut fait a Weftm’ lan du regne le Roi qore eft quint en •’■•yancc. B„< 13 la forme qe fenfuit foit derechief publie garde Sc tenu en touz point. [Then follows the Statute 5 Edw. 3. CarQ- z- Pf '■

CaP‘ 2'J	_	14 cJr. 2.'c. 20.

fufpend the ll Car. 2. in favour of the King's royal ProgreJJes, and of his Navy and Ordnance. See likezoife the yearly Mutiny Acls%

CAP. II.

The Sheriff fhall make Purveyance for the King’s Horfes;

ITEM eft acorde pur les grandes grevances qe les gardeins des grantz cbivals noftre Seignur le Roi unt ob.

, fait au poeple come noftre Seignur le Roi ad entendu a la dite demonftrance qe purveiances defore affaire pur les ditz chivals tant come ils fojournent nule part fe facent defore par vifcontes des countez ou les ditz chivals deveront iffint fojourncr Sc nemie par autres ct qe les commiffions avant ces heures faites as tieux gardeins foient defore de nulle value et del tout rcpelez. Et qe les purveiances affaire par les ditz vifcontes en ce cas foient liverez as ditz gardeins par endenture.

CAP. III.

Certain Perfons fhall be appointed to hear the Offences of the Keepers of the King’s Horfes.

ET eft auxint acorde qe certeines gentz foient aflignez doier et terminer touz les trefpas faitz par les d itz o B. gardeips auxibicn ala feute noftre Seignur le Roi come a la feute de partie.

and Anno

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 24.

CES font les chofes acordes en parlement noftre Seignur le Roi Edward tierce apres le conqueft tenu a Weftmor.ftier le Lundi prochein apres my Qyarefme lan de fon regne difme

f>ar le dit noftre Seignur le Roi del alfent des Pre-atz Countes et Barons et auxint a la reqefte des chivalers des countez et gentz de commune par lor petition mifeen dit parlement.

F f 2.

22q Stat. 2,	Anno	decimo	Edwarpi	III,	A.	D.	1336;

Articles fent to the fever al Sheriffs for preferving the Peace of the Kingdom till the Meeting of the next Parliament; annexed to the preceding Statute.

ART. I.

Ex 'Rot. in Purr. Lond.

"STEM eft acorde par noftre Seignur le Roi Prelatz Countes Barons & autres du confeil le Roi & auxint J. par la commune pur les grantz mefchiefs qe font avenuz en Roialme par larons felons & autres malveis qe touz ceux des queux noftre Seignur le Roi a ore poet eftre enfourme par bones gentz as queux il devera foi doner qi font notoirs mefFefours ou meinteinours des meftefours foit maunde de cy par briefs as vifeontes des pais ou les ditz meftefours h meintenours font converfantz ou purront eftre trovez ou as autres as queux noftre Seignur le Roi acordera de les prendre auxibien deinz fraunchifes come dehors & demprifoner & fauve-ment garder. Et a cc en chefcun pais foient affignez bones gentz & fiables & de poer denquere oier & terminer fur les faitz des ditz meftefours & meintenours folonc lei de terre & jatardeis denquere des autres & doier & terminer. Et eftre ce qils eient poer de prendere & comander a prendre touz ceux queux notoire-ment font defamez des tiels malveiftez auxibien deinz franchifes come dehors & demprifoner & nient meins denquere & doier & terminer de lor faitz. Et qe de cc cours fe tiegne faunz eftre chaunge tanque al prochein. parlement deinz queu temps liomme purra affaier le bien & quiete qe purra avenir per la bone garde de la pees par ceft acord.

ART. II.

ITEM eft acorde qe les eftatutz einz ces heures faitz contenantz qe vifeontes hundreders et baillifs foient des gentz eantz terres en meifmes les countez ou baillies et auxint qe les hundredz & wapentaks baillez a ferme qe auncienement furunt annex as fermes des countez & feverez des vifeountez foient rejointez as countez foient gardez en touz pointz.

ART. III.	.	•	.	•

ET eft auxint acorde qe les gaoles qe font appendantz as vifeountez qeles foient gardez come aunciene-t ment foleient eftre en temps des aunceftres noftre Seignur le Roi. Et ft les gardes des dites gaoles foi-1-ent aillours liverez qeles foient reprifes par briefs & baillez a ceux qi les deivent avoir de refon.

ART. IV.

ITEM eft acorde qe nul brief de neif ce defore foitgrante en Chauricellerie fil ne foit a la feute de ceux' en qi nouns les briefs lerront purchacez ou qe le Chaunceller ou lesclercsde la Chauncellerie foient apris. qe les ditz briefs foient demaundez de la volunte de meifmes ceux pur queux les briefs ferront iffint affaire.'

ART. V.

ITEM come afeunes dEngleterre nadgairs affignez pur arraier hobelours Sc archers a certein noumbre pur la guerre dEfcoce eient levez diverfes fummes des deners pur armures chivaux & auxint defpenfes & autres cuftages des ditz hobelours Sc archers des queux deners iffint levez grande partie uncore demoert es_ meyns des ditz arraiours come monftre eft par les ditz chivalers Sc gentz de commune par la dite petition ci eft acorde qe touz les deners iffint levez qe uncore font es meyns des arraiours foient reftituz a ceux des-queux ils furunt iffint levez.

Et memorandum quod in parliamento predidto concordatum fuit quod articuli predidti non tenerentur pro Statute.

REX vicecoiniti Ebor’ Sc coronatoribus fuis in eodem comitatu falutem. Quedam ftatuta pro conferva-tione pacis noftre et quiete et tranquillitate populi regni noftri in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ die Lune proximo poll: diem Dominican) in medio Quadragefime proximo preterito convocato de affenfu prela-torum comitum baronum et totius communitatis regni noftri- ibidem exiftentium ,edita vobis mittimus in forma patenti ftgillo noftro confignata necnon quendam articulum per nos et concilium noftrum in parliamento noftro apud locum predidtum in craftino fandti Michaelis anno regni noftri. quinto fummonito fuper providentiis pro hofpitio noftro et hofpitiis confortis noftre ac liberorum noftrorum per provilores eorundem fub certa forma faciendis fadlum prefentibus interclufum mandantes tibi prefato vicecomiti quod tarn ftatuta predidla quam dictum articulum in pleno comitatu tuo ac in fingulis Iocis in balliva tua tarn infra libertates quam extra ubi expedire videris legi et publice proclamari ac quantum ad te pertinet firmiter facias obfervari. Precipimus eliam tarn tibi prediifto vicecomiti quam vobis prefatis coronatoribus quod manucaptiones de quibus fit mentio in ftatutis illis fub forma in eis contenta recipiatis et eas nobis in cancellariam noftram mit-tatis juxta tenorem ftatutorum eorundem cthoc nullatenus omittatis. T. R. apudEltham primo die Aprilis..

Per ipfum Regem..

, Eodem modo mandatum ejl fmgulh vicccomitibus per-Angliam,.

Statutuni

Statutum de Cibartis utendis, editum apud Nottingham, Amio 10 Edw,

III. Stat. 3. & Anno 1336. See Appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, 27 Septembris, Anno it Edw. III. and

Anno Dom. 1337.

CAP. I.

It fhall be Felony to carry any Wooll out of the Realm, until it be otherwife ordained.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. m. 24. D.

ACORDE eft par noftre Seignur le Roi Prelatz Countes Barons del aftent dez gentz de commune en parlementfomons a Weftmonftre le Lundi prochein apres la fefte de, Seint Mathy lapoftle lan dtf regne noftre Seignur Ie Roi urizifme qe nul marchant .forein ne denzein nautre de quel eftat ou condition qil foit fur peine de forfaiture de vie et de membre et de quant que il purra forfaire devers noftre Sei-•gnur le Roi ne-mefne ne face mefner par lui ne par autre en prive nen apert defore leines nule part hors dll roialme taunque par noftre Seignur le Roi et fon confeil ent autrement foit ordcine.

E X P..

C A P. II.

t	,

None fliall wear any Cloth, but fuch as is made in England'.

EST auxint acorde qe nul homraene femme grant ne petit dEngleterre Irlaund Gales ne du poair noftre, Repealed in Part Seignur le Roi en Efcoce de quel eftat ou condition qil foit Rois Royne & lor enfantz tantfoulement bys+H.8.c. 13. fbrfpris ne ufe drap tie ferra achate apres la fefte de Seint Michel prochein avenir autre qe ne foit fait en an<i by 1 Jac' Engleterre Irlaunde Gales ou Efcoce dcinz le poer noftre Seignur leRoi fur la forfaiture du ditdrap & outre	sener*

deftre ptiny a la volunte noftre Seignur le Roi et qe es dites terres dEngleterre Irlaund Gales & Efcoce deina le poer noftre Seignur le Roi homme peuffe faire les draps aiixi longs & auxi courtz come homme voudra.

CAP. III.

No Clothes made beyond the Seas fhall be brought into the King’s Dominions.

AUxint eft: acorde qe nul marchant foreign ne denzein ne autre apres la fefte de Seint Michel mefne ne face mefner en prive nen apert par lui ne par autre es dites terres dEngleterre Irlaund Gales ou Efcoce deinz le poair noftre Seignur le Roi draps aijlors faitz qe en yceles fur la forfaiture des ditz draps et outre deftre puny a la volunte'noftre Seignur le Roi come defus eft dit.

c T TEM it is accorded and eftablifhed, That no-c JL Merchant, Foreign nor Denizen, nor none other,-c after the faid Feaft of St. Michael, fhall bring or caufe ‘ to be brought privily nor apertly, by himfelf nor by ‘ other, into the faid Lands of England, Ireland, Wales,

‘ arid Scotland, within the King’s Power, any Clothes-‘ made in any other Places than in the fame, upon the--‘ Forfeiture of the faid Clothes, and further to be pu- Confirmed lj-‘ nilhed at the King’s Will.’	4Ed,4.	c,	1,

. cap. iv.

Who only may wear Furs;

17 T auxint eft acorde qe nul homme ne femme des dites terres dEngleterre Irlaund Gales & Efcoce deinz Repeal<:(j JtL le poair noftre Seignur le Roi de quel eftat ou condition qil foit Rois Roynes & lor enfantz Prelatz , jac,c,^a Countes Barons Chivalers dames & gentz de feinte eglife qi poent defpendre par an cent livres au meins a la verroie value de lor benefices tantfoulement forpris- ne ufe peleure en fes draps"qe ferra achate apres la dite fefte de Seint Michel fur la forfaiture du pite-peleure & outre deftre puny a la volunte noftre Seignur le Roi.	.

C A P. V.

Cloth-workers may come into the King’s Dominions, and have fufficient Liberties:

ET auxint eft acorde qe touz les oevrours des 1 draps deftraunges terres de queles terres qils foient qi voudrent venir en Engleterre Irlaund Gales k Efcoce deinz le poair noftre- Seignur le Roi vie-

<, ■	3.

‘ | TEM it is accorded, That all the Cloth-workers ‘"-I offtrange Lands, ofwhatfoeverCountry they be,. ‘ which will come into England, Ireland, Wales, and ‘ Scotland, within the King’s Power, fhall come fafely

4 and

222 C; $1

Anno undecimo Edwardi HI,

A.D. 1337.

4 and furely, 3nd fhall be in the King’s Protection and

*	fafe ConduCt, to dwell in the fame -Lands, chuling “ where they will, (z) And to the Intent the faid

*	Cloth-workers fhall have the greater Will to come

*	and dwell here, our Sovereign Lord the King will

*	grant them Franchifes as many and fuch as may fuf-

*	nee them.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. gnont falvement & feurement en la protection & fauf conduyt de noftre Seignur le Roi a demorer en icelles terres es lieux ou ils vodront. Et qe les ditz oevrours eient plus grante volunte de y venir & demorer noftre Seignur le Roi lor voet granter franchifes tantes & tieles qe les fufhront.

RE X vicecomi'ti Ebor’ falutem. Quendam articulum per nos de aflenfu prelatorum comitum baronum ac totius communitatis regni noftri in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ die Lune proximo poft feftum fancli Mathie apoftoli proximo preterito tento exiftentium fuper lanis extra regnum noftrum ducendis & pannis ac pelura in regno noftro Anglie & terris noftris Hibernie & Wallie ac infra dominium noftrum in terra Scotie poft: feftum fanCti Michaelis proximo futurum utendis fub certa forma nec non de modo faCture ■pannorum in eifdem regno & terris ac etiam de pannis tranfmarinis infra regnum terras & dominium noftrum lupradiCta poft idem feftum quoquo modo non ducendis ordinatum tibi mittimus in forma patenti figillo noftro confignatum mandantes quod articulum prediCtum in pleno comitatu tuo ac in fingulis locis in bal-liva tua tarn infra libertates quam extra ubi expedire videris legi & ex parte noftra publice proclamari & quantum ad de pertinet firmiter facias obfervari & hoc nullatenus omittas. T. R. apud Wyndefor xxviii, die Martin	Per	ipfum	Regem.

Eadem modo mandatum eji fingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

.Statutes made at Weftminner, Anno 14. Edw. III. Stat. it and Anno •primo of his Reign of France, and Anno Dom. 1340.

44 A g’ “lO the Honour of God and of holy Church, “	| .by.the Affent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons,

44	and	other	affembled	at	the	Parliament holden

14 at Wefminfer the Wednefday next after Midlent, in K the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Lord King “ Edward the Third of England, and the Firft Year “ of his Reign of France ; the King, for the Peace and “ 'Quietnefs of his People, as well great as fmall, doth “ grant and eftablifh the Things .under-wr.itten, which <l he will to be holden and kept in all Points perpe-tually to endure.”

C A I

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. m. 22 & 23.

AL honeur de Dieu h de feinte eglife par aft-fent dez Prelatz Contes Barons & autres af-femblez au parlement tenuz au Weymon-ftier le Mefkerdy procheine apres my Quarrefine lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi Edward dEngleterre quatorzifme & de France primer ft ad le Roi pur eefe & quiete de fon poeple aufibien de grantz come de petitz grante & eftabli les chofes defoutz eferiptes les queux il voet qe foient tenuz & gardez en tutz poyntz perpetuelment adurer.

I.

A Confirmation of Liberties.

*	TTlrft, That holy Church have her Liberties in I ‘ i? Quietnefs, without Interruption or Difturbance ;

*	(2) and that the Great Charter, and the Charter of ‘ the Foreft, be holden in all Points ; (3) and that the

*	City of London, and all other Cities and Boroughs of c the Realm of England, have all their Franchifes and

*	Cuftoms, which they have reafonably had and ufed

*	in Time paft.’

PRimerement qe feinte eglife eitfes franchifes en quiete faunz empechement ou diftourbance & qe la Grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte foient tenuz en touz pointz & qe la Citee de Lon-dres & touz les autres citees & burghs du roialme dEngleterre eient toutes lour franchifes & ufages queles ils ont refonablement cu & ufez cea en arere.

CAP. II.

The King in refpetfl of his Wars in Scotland, France, and Gafcoin, £fV. doth pardon feveral

Offences.

ITEM purceo qe Ie Roi ad grant compaflion de ce qe le poeple de fon Roialme par caufe de maveis anns de guerres dEfcoce de France & de Gafcoigne A des grantz mifes & eides qe ils ont fait a lui ei divers manere par les caufes fufdites & autres & voillant a fon dit poeple faire grace par quoi ils fe p~uf-ft nt Ie meutz aider & le plus toft de lour mefehiefs eilre relevez & recomfortez a la requefte de fon poeple dEngleterre ft ad reJefie & pardone a fon dit poeple aufibien as grantz come as peiitz de quel eftat ou condition qii foient toutes manercs des chateux des felons & des futifs efehaps des larons fins amerciementz iftu.s forfaitz & amerciementz des murdres toutes maners des trefpas le la forefte aufibien de embloioure come de vert & de venifon waft & quecunqes autres trefpas faites dedeinz les foreftes ajuggez ou ajwgger reliefs & efcu?gcs tanqe a temps qe le Roi qore eft pafia devers Brabant.

A.D. 1340.

Anno deciino quarto Edvvardi III.

Stat. r

223.

CAP. III.

The King’s Pardon to his People of divers Debt?, Accompts, Arrearages, £sV. untill the' e x p.

Tenth Year of his Reisin.

O

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ceft aflentu acorde & eftabli qe totes maneres des dettes acomptes & arerages des fermes Sc dacomptes dues au Roi en quecunqe manere auffibicn des temps de fes progenitours come de fon temps demefne tanqe au comencement dc Ian de fon rtgne dEngleterre difme foient pardonez & releflez a touts grantz Sc petitz du Roialme dEngleterre Sc a chefcun de eux & de tut anientitz. Et qe les dettes atterminez a Lefcheqer avant le temps le Roi qore eft & auxi les dettes atte.minez a mefine Lefcheqer en fon temps des aunciens dettes dues avant fon temps foient anientiz & pardonez Sc releflez pur touz jours enfl totes foith qe les atterminementz faitz des dettes dues au Roi or fourdantz de fon temps demefne efloifent en lour force. Et qe les vifeontes efehetours fermers des manoirs taxours cuftumers vittaillers & autres receyvours des biens ou des deniers le Roi en temps le Roi qore eft & unqore iont en vie refpoignent des biens Sc deniers queux ils ont levez & reccuz al oeps le Roi fanz ceo qils foient en autre manere char-gez fors foulment de ceo qils ont receu mais les heirs executors Sc terres tenantz des tieux manere des mi-niftres Sc receyvours qe font mortz foient quitement difchargez de tote manere des acountes Sc des dettes les queux le Roi poet demander par. caufe des levees & refeeites avant dites tanqe au comencement de lan difme fufdit. Et eft lentention le Roi qe ceux qe lui deivent dettes de preft Sc voillent acounter ove le Rot: qe mefme la fomme de preft feit allowe au Roi en lour acounte & fur eux charge come chofe receu par la' main le Roi nient countrefteant ceft.eftabliflcmcnt.

C A P. IV.

Prefentment of Englefchrie (hall be clearly extirpate.

ITEM pur ce qe moultz des mefehefs font ave-nuz en divers pays dEngleterre qils navoient mye conifance de prefentement dEnglefcherie par quoi les communes des countes eftoient fovent de-vant les juftices errantz amerceez a grant mefehief du poeple ft eft aflentu qe defore en avant nul Juf-tice errant ne mette en article nen oppofition prefentement dEnglefcherie devers les communes des countces ne devers nul de eux mes de tut foit lEn-glefcherie Sc lc prefentement dycel pur touz jours oufte Sc qe nul par celle caufe foit defore empeche.

44 ^TEM, Beeaufe many Mifchiefs have happened' 44 in divers Counties of England, which had no 44 Knowledge of Prefentment of Englefchrie, whereby 44 the Commons of the Counties were often amersed “ before the Juftices in Eyre, to the great Mifchief of 44 the People ‘ it is aflented, That from henceforth 4 no Juftice Errant fhall put in any Article, Oppofi-4 tion, Prefentment of Englefchrie againft the Com- ■ 4 mons of the Counties, nor againfl: any of them, but 4 that Englefchrie and Prefentment of the fame, be'

4 wholly out and void for ever, fo that no Perfon by'. 4 this Caul’c may.be from henceforth impeached.’

CAP. V.

Delays of Judgments in other Courts fhall be redrefied in Parliament.

ITEM pur ce qe moultz des mefehiefs font ave-nuz de ceo qe en diverfes places auffibicn en la Chauncellerie en le Bank le Roi le commune Bank k Lefcheqer les Juftices affignez Sc autres Juftices a oyer & terminer deputez les jugementz ft ount Ae delaiez a la foitz par diificulte & afeune foitz par divers oppinions des Jugges & a la foitz par autre caufe ft eft aflentuz eftabliz Si acordcz qe de-fore en avant a chefcun parlement foient efiuz un ?relat deux Countes & deux Barons qe eient com-miffion Sc poair du Roi aoier par petitions eux li-reree les pleintes de touz ceux qe pleindre fe Vermont de tieux delaies ou grevances faites a eux & dent poair a faire venir devant eux a Weftm’ ou iillours ou le? places ferront ou afeun des places rerra les tenon rs des recoidz Sr prores de tieux ugementz enh delaiez & facent venir devant eux ■neifmes les juftices qe ferront adonqes prelentz pur oyer lour caufe Sc lour refons des tieux delaies queux caufe & refon enfi oiez par bon avis de eux meifmes les Chancellier Treforer juftices del un Bank & lei autre Sc autres de counfeil le Roi taunz Sc tieux

4

44 "yTEM, Bccaufe divers Mifchiefs have bappenedJ 44 JL for that in divers Places, as well in the Chancery,

44 as in the King’s Bench, the Common Bench, and 44 in the Exciiequer before the Juftices affigned, and 44 other Juftices to hear and determine deputed, the 44 Judgements have been delayed, fometime by Diffi-44 culty, and fometime by divers Opinions of the Judges,

44 and fometime for fome other Caufe 4 (2) ,it is cf- c0. Lit.71. b. 4 Anted, eftablifhed, and accorded. That from hence- z% Ed. 3! f. 3! 4 forth at every Parliament fhall be chofen a P. late,

4 two Earls, and two Barons, which fhall have Com-4 million and Power of the King to hear by Petition '

4 delivered to them, the Complaints of all thofe t >at 4 will complain them of fuch Debys or Grievances -4 done to them; (3) and they fnall have Power to -4 caufe to come before them at JVejhmnjler, or elfe 4 where the Places of any of them fhall be, the Tenor’

4 of Records and Procefl'es of fuch Judgements fo de- 1 4 layed, and to caufe the fame Juftices. to come before 4 them, which fhall be then prefeat, to h-ar their >

4 Caufe and Rcalons of fuch Delays ; (4) which Caufe 4 and Reafon fo heard, by good Advice of themfelvcs,

4 the Chancellor, Treafwrer, the Juftices of the one •

4 Bench and of the other,, and other of the King’s <

‘ Council,

Anno decimo quarto Edwardi III. A. D. 1340.

The Officers Oath to ierve the King and his PeopIec

£7e1-/.S. for

Redrefs of crro-veous Judgments in tt. ft. . 17.

Raft.

302,

5 Cr- 4>-

fCc.

: 57-.

Council, as many and fuch as they fhall think con-, venient, fhall proceed to take a good Accord, and make a good Judgement; (5.) and according to the fame Accord To taken, the Tenor of the faid. Record, together with the Judgement which fhall be accorded, fhall be remanded before the Juftices, before whom the Plea did depend, and that they haftily go to give Judgement according to the fame Record ;

(6) and in cafe it feemeth to them, that the Difficulty be fo great, that it may not well be determined,without Affent of the Parliament, that the faid Tenor or Tenors fhall be brought by the faid Prelate, Earls, and Barons, unto the next Parliament, and there fhall be a final Accord taken what Judgement ought to be given in this Cafe ; (7) and according to this Accord it fhall be commanded to the Judges, before whom the Plea did depend, that they fhall proceed to give Judgement without Delay. (8) And to begin to do Remedy upon this Ordinance, it is afTented, that a Commiffion and a Power fhall be granted to the Archbifhop of Canterbury, the Earls, of Arm-del and Huntington, the Lord of IVake, and the Lord Ralfc BaJJet, to endure till the next Parliament.

(9) And.though the Minifters have made an Oath before this Time, yet neverthelefs to remember them of the fame Oath, it is-aflented, that'as; well the Chancellor, Treafurer, Keeper of the Privy Seal, the Juftices of the one Bench and of the other, the Chancellor, Barons of the Exchequer, as the Juftices affigned, and all they that do meddle in the faid Places under them, by the Advice of the fame Arch-bifnop, Earls, and Barons, (hall make an Oath well and lawfully to ferve the King and his People. (10)

And by the Advice of the faid Prelate, Earls and Barons, be it ordained to increafe the Number of the5 Minifters when need fhall be, and them to diminifh in the fame Manner; (11) and fo from Time to Time, when Officers fhall be newly put in the faid Offices, they fhall be fworn in the fame Manner.’

CAP. VI.

A Record which is defedlive by Mifprifion of a Clerk, lhall be amended.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. come ils verront qe bufoignables ferront aillent a-van.t a prendre bon acorde h bon juggemenf: faire & felonc meifme laccord -enfi pris foit- remahde as Juftices devant queux le plee pent le tenur du dit record enfemblement ove tieu juggement qe ferra acorde & qe eux aillent haftivement a juggement rendre folonc meifme laccord. Et en cas qe lour femble qe la difficulte foit ft grande qele ne poet pas bonement eftre termine fanz affent du parle-ment foit la dit tenour ou tenours portez par les ditz Prelat Contes & Barons a profehein parlement & illoeqes foit pris final acord queu juggement fe. devera faire en tiel cas & felonc cel acord foit-mande a Juftices devant quieux le plee. pent qils aillent a juggement rendre fanz delay. Et pur comencier a faire remedie fur ceft eftabliffement fi eft afl'entuz qe commiffion & poair foit fait a Lercevefqe de Canterbirs les Contes dArundell & de Huntingdon le Seignur Wake & monfieur Rauf Baffet adurer tanqe a prochein parlement.- Et comerit qedes miniftres eient fait ferement avant ces-heures ne pur.quant.pur eux rementiner de mefme' le ferement fi aflentuz qe auffi bien Chancellier Treforer Gardein du Privee Seal Juftices del un Bank h del autre Chancellier & Barons del Efche-qer come Juftices affinez & touz ceux qe fe med-dlent es dites places defoutz eux felonc lavifement des ditz Ercevefque Contes £z Barons facen.t ferment de bien & loialment fervir au Roi &,au poe-ple. Et par avifementdes avantditz Prelat Contes & Barons foit ordene dencreftre le nombre des miniftres par la ou il bufoigne.K de le amenufer en mefme la manere & iffint de temps en temps quant officers ferront novelement.mys en les.ditz offices, foient en la manere avantdite ferementez,

Ero. Attend, g.

I", 18, 20, 24, *7, 32,‘,,3. Explained tv

ITEM it is afTented, That by the Mifprifion of a Clerk in any Place wherefoever it be, no Procefs fhall be adnulled, or difeontinued, by miftaking in Writing one Syllable, or one Letter too much or too little; (2) but as foon as the Thing is perceived, by Challenge of the Party, or in other Manner, it fhall be haftily amended in due Form, without giving Advantage to the Party that challengeth the fame be-caufe of fuch ATifprifion.’

I TEAT.eft affentu & eftabli qe par mefprifioh du clerc en quecunque place qe ce foit ne ne foit proces anientiz. ne difeontinues par mefprendre en eferivant un letre.ou un filable tropp ou trop poi mes fi tot qe la chofe foit aparceu par chalenge du partic ou en autre manere foit haftivement amende en due forme fanz doner, avantage a partie qe ce chalange par caufe de tieu mefpriiion.

9 U- S-Jtai. I. c- 4. Seefarther 8 R. z. c. 4.	7	H.	5.	c.	5.	4H,	6,	c.	3.	8	H.	6.	c.	12,	15.	10//. 6. c. 4.	iSi/.6.r.g,	27	El,	c.	j.	and

4 Ar.n, c, 16, 2u-at Dcfefls may be amended, and nvbat not,

CAP. VII.

Plow long a Sheriff fhall tarry in his Office.

“ YTEAT, Becaufe that feme Sheriffs have their Bai-cc X liwicks for Term of Years of the King’s Grant, “ and fome do fd much truft to tarry in their Office by “ Procurement, that they be encouraged to do many “ Oppreffions to the People, and evil Service to the “ King and his People ‘ (2) it is afTented and efta-‘ blifhed. That no Sheriff fhall tarry in his Bailiwick { over one Year, and then another convenient fhall be

T TEM pur ce qe afeuns vifeontes ont lour bnil-£ lies a terme des ans du grant le Roi & afeuns fe fient tant de lour long demoere en lour baillie par procurement qils font efbaudiz dc faire moultz des oppreffions au poeple & de mal fervire au Roi & a fon poeple fi eft aflentuz & eftabli qe nul vifeount demoerge en fa baillie outre un an h adonqes foit autre covenable ordene en fon lieu bad terre fuf-

fifante

Stat. i.

225

A. D. 1340. Anno decimo quarto Edward i III*

E.y Rot. in Turr. Lend, fifante en fa baillie par les Cbaunceliier Trcforer (c chief Baron de Lefcheqer pris a eux les chiefs Juftices del un Bank Sc del autre fils foient prefentz Sc ce foit fait chefcun an lendemein des Alines a Lefcheqer.



ordained in his Place, that hath Land fufficient in'his Bailiwick, by the Chancellor, Treafurer, and chief Baron of the Exchequer, taking to them the chief Juftices of the one Bench and of the other, if they be prefent; (3) and that fhall be done yearly in the 28aEt1, *• flat'3* Morrow of All Souls, at the Exchequer.’

c.8.

Enforced by

4.8 Ed. 3. c. 7. 42 Ed. 3. c, 9. 23 H. 6. c. 8. * Sec I R. 2. c. 11. declaring that none who bane been Sheriffs Jhall feme again within three Tears, Aid fee farther iz E4* 4- <• I. and 17 Ed. 4. c, 7. empowering Sheriffs to occupy their Offices during Michaelmas and Hillary Terms3 unlcfs difcharged before that Time,

* Read c. 7.

CAP. VIII.

How many Efcheators may be in the Realm, and how long they (hall continue in Office.

ET come en afeuns temps avant ces heures il navoit forfque deux efehetours en Engletcrre c*ft afiavoir un efehetour de cea Trente & un autre de dela pur quoi le Roi et le poeple furent meins bien ferviz qe avant ces houres neftoient quant il y aveit plus des efehetours Sc de meindre eftat fi eft affentuz Sc acorde qe defore en avant foient tauntz des efehetours aftignez come eftoient en le temps quant le Roi qe ore eft: prift le governement de fon Roialme dEngleterre Sc qe mefmes les efehetours foient efluz par les Chauncellier Treforer Sc chief Baron de LEfcheqer pris a eux les chiefs Juftices del Un Bank Sc del autre fils foient prefentz en ma-nere come eft fufdit des vifeountes Sc qe nul efehetour demoerge en fon office outre un an & qe nul coroner foit efluz ftl neit terre en fee fuffifauntment en mefme le con tee dont il purra refpondre a tote nranere dcs gentz.

44 f TEM, Whereas fometime there were no more 44 JL but two Efcheators in England, that is to fay, one 44 Efcheator on this Side Trent, and another beyond,

“ whereby the King and the People were worfe ferved 44 than in the Time when there were divers Efcheators,

44 and of lefs Eftate;” ‘ (z) it is aflented and accord-4 ed. That from henceforth there fhall be as many ‘ Efcheators affigned, as were in the Time when the 4 King that now is did take the Governance of this ‘ Realm upon him ; (x) and that the fame Efcheators 4 be chofen by the Chancellor, Treafurer, and the ‘ chief Baron of the Exchequer, taking to them the 4 chief Juftices of the one Bench and the other, if they ‘ be prefent, in Manner as is aforefaid of Sheriffs ; 42 Ed- 3- c- S-4 (4) and that no Efcheator tarry in his Office above a '2, ' 4;c- 9-4 Year; (5) and that no Coroner be chofen unlefs he JLJ jy an 4 have Land in Fee fufficient in the fame County, 1H.8. c.8.

4 whereof he may anfwer to all Manner of People.’ which dirca_

what EJlate in

CAP. IX.

Land Efcheators Jhall have*

Sheriffs fhall keep Hundreds in their own Hands, or let them upon the old Rent. There fhall

be but one Bailiff errant in one County.

ET pur ce qe moultz de mefehiefs font avenuz par my le Roialme de ce qeles vilcountes ount leffez les hundreds & les wapentaks a plus haut ferme qils ne rendent au Roi & mefmes les fermors les leffentas autres plus elder des grandes fomes en tieu manere par ft haute lees h enhanfier des fermes & plus grant nombre des haillifs errantz outriders Sc autres qe les vifconteS haillifs et hundreders y mettent ft eft le poeple en diverfe manere charge et greve ft eft affentuz et acorde qe defore en avant touz les wapentaks et hundreds qe font feveriz des countees loient rejointz a mefmes les countees auffi come avant ces hures eftoit acorde par autre eftabliffement et qe les vifeountes les tiegnent en lour main demcigne et y mettent tieux haillifs et hundreders eiantz terresdeinz mefmes les baillies et hundredz pur queux ils voillent refpoun-dre. Et fils voiller.t afeuns hundredz baillies ou wapentaks leffer a ferme ft les leffent al auncien ferme fanz rien encreftre. Et qe par tieux haillifs et hundreders et lour foutzbaillifs le Roi et le poc-ple foient ferviz en ouftant pur touz jours touz les outriders et autres qe en divers countees avant ces heures notoriement ont deftruit le poeple. Et qe nul baillif errant ne ne foit forfque en les countees ou baillif errant ad efte avant ces hures en temps le Roi' lael et en nulle manere ne foient plus des haillifs errantz forfque un foule en un contee. Et en mefme la manere eft affentuz qe touz autres de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qe ont baillies Voi.I.

44 1 TEM, Whereas many Mifchiefs be happened

44 A through the Realm, for that the Sheriffs have let

44 the Hundreds and Wapentakes to an higher Ferm

44 than they yield to the King, and the Fermors do

44 let the fame to other at more higher and greater

44 Sums, in fuch Manner that by the high letting an.d

44 enhanfing of the Ferms, and by the great Number

44 of Bailiffs Errants, Out-riders, and other whom the

44 Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Hundreders do put in, the

44 People be in divers Manners charged and grieved

4 (2) it is aflented and accorded, That from henceforth Hundreds and

4 all the Wapentakes and Hundreds which be fevered Wapcntakes

4 from the Counties, fhall be rejoyned to the fame

4 Counties, as before this Time hath been eftablifhed 1

4 by another Statute; (3) and that the Sheriffs hold 4 Ed. 3. c. 15,

4 the fame in their own Hands, and put in fuch Bailiffs

4 and Hundreders, having Lands within the Baili-Skinner 41.

4 wicks and Hundreds, for whom they will anfwer.

4 (4) And if they will let any Hundreds, Bailiwicks,

4 or Wapentakes to Ferm, they fhall let the fame at 4 the ancient Ferm without any thing increafing. (5)

4 And that the King and his People be ferved by fuch 4 Bailiffs and Hundreders, and their Under-Bailiffs, in 4 avoiding for ever the Out-riders and other, which in 4 divers Counties beforetime have notorioufly grieved 4 the People. (6) And that no Bailiff Errant be hut 4 in the Counties where -Bailiffs Errants have been in 4 Times paft, in the Time of the King’s Grandfather fta]] fce 4 that now is ; (7) and that there be no more but one but one Bailiff 4 Bailiff Errant in one County. (8) And in the fame errant in one G g	* Manner Couni*,

Anno cicclmo quarto Edwardi III. A. D. 1340.

Who- flnll Have Au^ oritv to pui'i.n the Offenders*

ThePun'flttrent el' the Offender*

4.TJ.4. c, ?.

a;H 6- c fnfrb.t She- iffS' from lettin/ iktir Hundreds,

* Read c. 9.

Manner it is affented, That all other, of what Eftate or Condition they be, which have Bailiwicks or Hundreds in Fee, if they the fame will hold in their own Hands, then they fhall put in fuch Bailiffs for whom they will anfwer; (9) and if they will let the fame in Ferm to other, then they fhall let the fame at the ancient Ferm without any Thing increafing, as afore is faid. (to) And the Juftices of the one ; Bench and the other, the Barons of the Exchequer, and the Juftices afiigned, fhaH have Power to inquire of all thofe that offend againfl: this Ordinance, at all Times that they come into the Country, and to execute fuch Punishment as to them fhali feem convenient to be done according to the Law and Reafon. (j 1) And if the Sheriffs or their Fermors be found in Default in any Point againfl: this Ordinance, and thereof be attainted, the Hundreds and Wapentakes where fuch Default fhall be found, fhall be taken into the King’s Hands, and let to other by the fame Juftices, and to commit them to Prifon, there to remain till they have made Fine and P,anfom to the King according to the Quantity of the Trefpafs ; and neverthelefs they fhall anfwer to the King of the whole Ferm. (12) And that the Lords which hold Hundreds or Wapentakes in Fee, fhall fet fuch Bailiffs which be fumcient to anfwer the King and his People ; (1 1) and if their Bailiffs do againfl this Ordinance, they fhall be called to anfwer ; (14) and if they he attainted, they fhall have fuch Punifhment as the Law of the Land requireth in fuch Cafe, and they fliall be out of their Bailiwicks for ever, and other fufficicnt pul in their Places by the fame Lords.’

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. ou hundredz en fee fils les voillent tenir en lour main demeigne adonqes y mettent teux baillifs pur queux ils voillent refpoundre Sc fils les voillent lef-fer a ferme as autres qils les leffent al auncien ferme far.z riens encreftre come eft fufdit. Et denquere fur touz ceux qe veignent al encountre de ceft efta-bliffement ft eient les Juftices del un Bank et del autre Barons deLefcheqer et Juftices affignez poair a toutes les foitz qils veignent en pays et affaire tieu puniffement felonc ceo qe lour femble qe foit affaire felonc lei et refon. Et ft vifeountes ou lour formers foient trovez en defaute en nulle point countre ceft eftabliffement et de ceo foient atteintz foient les hundredz et les wapentaks dedeinz queux tides defautes ferront trovez pris en la main le Roi et leffez as autres par les ditz Juftices et eux com-mandez a la prifone a y demorer tantqe ils eient fait fin et raunceon au Roi felonc la quantite du trefpas et nient meins refpoignent au Roi de lender de la ferme. Et qe les Seignurs qe tienent hundredz ou wapentaks en fee mettent tieux baillifs qe foient fuflifantz a refpondre au Roi et au poeple et fi lour baillifs facent countre ceft efta-bliflement foient appellez en refpouns et fils foient atteintz foient puniz et eient tieu juggement come la ley de la terre le demande en tieu cas et foient ouftez de lour baillies pur touz jours et autres fuflifantz mys en lour lieus par mefmes les Seignurs.

4. Co. 34.

3 Inft. Enforced ly 19 H. 7. c. 10.

It fhall be Felony for a Gaoler to caufe a PriToner to become an Approver.

1 Ed. 3. flat. 1.

c. 7.

CAP. X.

Sheriffs -fhall have the keeping of Gaols. A Prifoner by Durefs becometh an Approver.

ITEM, in the Right of the Gaols, which were wont to be in ward of the Sheriffs, and annexed to their Bailiwicks;” ‘ (z) it is affented and accorded, That they fhall be rejoined to the Sheriffs, and the Sheriffs fhall have the Cuftody of the fame Gaols, as before this Time they were wont to have;

(;) and that they fhall put in fuch Keepers for whom they will anfwer. (4) And if it happen that the Keeper of thePrifon, or Under-Keeper, by too great Durefs of Imprifonment, and by Pain, make any Prifoner that he hath in his Ward to become an Appellor againfl his Will, and thereof be attainted, he fhall have Judgement of Life and of Member. (5)

And that the King’s Juftices, before whom fuch Cafes fhall happen, fhall enquire the Truth thereof;

(6) and if_ they find by Inqueft thereupon taken that any Keeper or Under Keeper hath done the fame, he fhall be thereof arraigned ; and if he be found guilty, he fhall have Judgement of Life and Member as afore is faid.’

XTEM en droit des gaoles qe foleient eftre en garde des vifeontes Sc annexez a lour baillies affentuz eft Sc acordez qils foient rejointz a les vifeontes cc eient les vifeountes la garde des dites gaoles come avant ces houres foleient avoir & y mettent tieux gardeins pur queux ils voillent refpondre. Et fil aveigne qe gardeyn du prifone ou foutz gardein par trop grande durete de prifone Sc par peine face nul prifon qil eit en fa garde devenir appellour countre fon gree Sc de ceo foit at-teint cit mife de vie & de membre. Et qe Juftices le Roi devant queux_ tieu cas avendra enquergent fur ce la verite Sc fiis troeffent par enquefte fur ce prife qe nul gardein ou fouthgardein leit fait foit de ceo arefne Sc fil foit trove coupnble eit mife de vie Si de membre come defus eft dit.

73 “Ed. 1. Hat. I.

r.45*

A cion 3arac!>

li Ed. 1.

CAP. XI.

A Clerk of the Statutes (hall have diffident, and be reffdent upon his Office.'

ITEM it is aflented and eftabliflied. That every Clerk which fhall be deputed to receive Rccogni-

T E M eft affentuz Sc eftabli qe chefcun clerc qe t I ferra depute a receivre les reconifances en citees zances in Cities and Boroughs, according to theSta- 1 Sc cn burghs felonc leftatut marchant demoerge en tute Merchant, fhall abide in proper Perfon to do his prepre perfone pur faire loffice felonc ce qe eft con-OfFice, according as is contained in the Statute of tenu cn leftatut de AAon Burnel & qe ii eit terres AP.on Eurr.dj and that he have Lands fuflicient in fuffifantes en meifme le contee dont il> purra re-4	,	fpoundre

Staf.

1.

227

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. fpoundre a touz HI mefpreigne. Et fi nul autre foit en tiel office foitremue & autre covenable mys en fon lieu.

£ the fame County, whereof he may anfwer to all Per-* fons if he offend. And if any other be in the fame £ Office, he fhall be removed, and another convenient ‘ fet in his Place.5

CAP. XII.

Bufhels and Weights fhall be made and fent into every County..

ITEM come il foit contenuz en la Grande Char-tre qe une mefure & un poys foit par my toute Engleterre & auxint contenuz foit en un eftatut fait el temps le Roi Edward aiel le Roi qoreft qe nul ne vende par buffel fil ne foit merche du feal le Roi & qil foit acordant a leftandard le Roi et auxint y eft contenuz qe celui qe ferra atteint qil eit double mefure ceft affaver un plus grande pur achater & un autre meindre pur vendre foit em-prifone come faufour & grevement puny queles chofes nent my efte tenuz ne ufez puis les ditz efta-bliffementz a grant grevance du poeple ft eft affen-tuz & acorde qe defore en avant un mefure & un pois foit parmy toute Engleterre Sz qe leTreforer face faire certaines eftandardz de buflel de galon de poys darreifne & les face mander en chefcune coun-tee par la ou tielx eftandardz ne font pas avant ces hures mandez & fur cei foient affignez deux bons & fuffifantz en chefcun counte & plus folonc ceo qe la countee eft graunt de furveer auffibien deinz franchife come dehors qe les mefures & les poys foient acordantz a les eftandardz Sz qils eient poair denquere oyer & terminer & de punir touz ceux qe ferront trovez en coupe et qe les vifeountes a lour mandement les receivent & les reteinent en prifone tanqc ils cint fait fin au Roi. Et foit oy chefcun qc plcindrc fe voudra de tieux qe mefparnent en vendant ou cn achatant auffibien pur le Roi come pur lui mefmes.

Et qc les ditz affignez liverent lour eftretes chefcun an a lendcmeyn Seint Michel a Lefcheqer Sz priegnent pur lour defpens la quarte partie de ce qils pount lever & refpoignent au Roi de les trois parties & de ce qe ne poet eftre leve avant lour pro-fre foit la quart partie allowe a cux a Lefcheqer & les trois parties levez al oeps le Roi. Et neft pas lentention le Roi qe le clerc du marchee ne face fon office par la ou il vendra felonc ce qil folcit faire avant ces hures ne qe'les Seignurs dcs fraun-chifes ne foient ouftiez de lour franchifes par caufe de ceft eftabliffement.

fat.i.c.i. 34^1/. 3. c. 5 & 6.	13	R.	l.	c.	9.	15	R,	2.04.	8

fiat. 1. c. 15, fee. X.

££ T TEM, Where it is contained in the Great Char- 9 h. 3. fi.u. t,

“ JL ter, that one Aleafure and one Weight bee. 2?.

“ throughout England-, (2) and alfo it is contained in 51 i-fiat. 1. “ a Statute made in the Time of King Edwar,d, 31 £ ' 1‘

££ Grandfather to the King that now is, that none “ (hall fell by the Bufhel, if it be not marked with the ££ King’s Seal, and that it be according to the King’s “ Standard; (3) and alfo it is contained, that he “ which {hall be attainted for hating double Aleafure,

“ that is to fay, one greater to buy, and another lefs jyEd. 3, flat. 2, ££ to fell, fhall be imnrifoned as falfe, and grievoufly c. 10. injUfis ££ punifhed ; which Things have not been hold.en nor 0,1 Of-“ ufed after the faid Eftablifhment, to the great Griefax'

“ of the People;” ‘ (4] it is affented and accorded, pifi0'"

‘ That from henceforth one Meafure and one Weight ante 187.

‘ fhall be throughout the Realm of England-, (5) and £ that the Treasurer caufe to be made certain Stan-‘ dards of Bufhels, Gallons, of Weights of* Aunce], * Erafs,

£ and fend the fame into every County where fucb ‘ Standards be not fent before this Time; (6) and ‘ thereupon fhall be affigned two good and fufficient ‘ Perfons in every County, and more, according as the ‘ County in Greatnefs requireth, to furvey as well £ within Franchife as without, that the AFeafures and £ the Weights be according to the Standard, and that £ they have Power to inquire, hear, and determine, i and to punifh all thofe that fhall be found thereof £ guilty; (7) and that the Sheriffs at their Command-£ ments receive and detain them in Prifon till they have £ made Fine to the King. (8) And every Perfon that £ will complain of fuch as do offend in Buying or Se!-£ ling fhall be heard, as well for the King, as for him-£ felf.’

£ II. And that the faid Affignes fhall deliver their £ Eftreates every Year in the Morrow of Saint Michael.,

£ at the Exchequer, and take for their Expenc.es the £ fourth Part of that which they may levy, and anfwer £ to the King the three Parts; (2) and of that which £ may not be levied before their Profer, the fourth Part £ fhall be allowed to them at the Exchequer, and, the . ,

£ three Parts levied to the King’s Ufe. (3) And it is £ not the Fling’s Mind, but that the Clerk of the the Market.

£ Market fhall do his Office where he will, according See fartUr ctm-£ as he was wont to do in Times paft; (4) nor the cerah^i’/rgit £ Lords of Franchifes fhall not be ouiled of their Fran- ani £ chifes by the Occafion of this Ordinance.5	r.Vo! 31

H. 6. c. 3. nH. 7. c. 4.	12 11. 7. c. 5.	16	Car. 1. c. 19,	22	Car.	2,	c.	8. and ijint,

CAP. XIII.

Efcheators fhall make no Wafte in the Lands of the King’s Wards. A Ward fhall have an

Aft ion of

Wafte againft

his Guardian.

ITEM come en la Grande Chartre foit contenuz qe apres la mort des aunceflres qe tiegnent du Roi en 9H. 3 Pat. x.

chief & des queux les heirs font deinz age qe le Roi face gardcr les terres fanz waft & deftruftion Jc r'4. ;• 6 E ’• «■ les rend entierement a les heirs quant ils vendront a la plein age & etlcountre Dieu & droit Sz les ditz efta-	^	„

bliffementz les efehetours & aetres as queux les terres de tieux heirs ount efle commis ont fait waft cede- T. ftruftiona grant mefehief auffibien des heirs des Countes Barons St autres grantz come dautres qe tiegnent c. ,-i.

.	.	-	G	g	2	UU

228 Stat. r.	Anno	decimo	quarto Edwardi III. A. D. 1340.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

du Roi en chief & nient miens les efchetours nount en confciencie de faire tieux deftruflions Sc cheytive-Tl e next of Kin ont refponduz au Roi par quei eft aflentuz Sc ertabli qe defore enavant apres la mort de chefcun <je to the^ing’stient du Roi en chief qe efehetour facefeifir en la mein le Roi les terres come appent fanz waft faire en mei-Ward may take fons boys pares viveres ou autres extorftons qe peuflbnt efeheer au damage del heir & haftivement apres le in Form his	Diem claufit extremum a lui liveree le face retournir par bone & veritable extente en Chancellerie apres

Llndi	queu retourn ft trove feit qe leir foit deinz age 5c les profeheines amys lc dit heir as queux leritage n: poet

Fhz Wafl'e^6i defeendre viegnent & fe offrent a prendre les 'dites terres rendant la value au Roi tantqe al age leir fi avant 75, So, 97/93/come autres voillcnt rendre fanz fraude par acorde entre les'Chanceller Sc Treforer eient commiflion a gar-’	dcr les dites terres par bone Sc fuffifant feurte tanqe al age les ditz heirs S: a refpoundre au Roi de la value.

Et neft pas lentention le Roy qe par ceft eftatut il foit forclos daver fa aftion de waft devers tieux gardeins Sc formers fi come lui Sc fes aunceftres ont eu avant ces houres & qe les heirs quant ils vendront a lour, age aient lour action par brief de Waft devers tieux gardeins & fermers.

Kail. 693. Regift. 72. Ohf. by 12 Car, 2. c. 24. which fakes away W'arJjhip by Reafon of 'Tenure,

117, i?6, 136, J37>

The Heir may have an Atflion cf Waft?.

CAP. XIV.

There (hall be but four Writs of.Search for the King.

Juftice.

Nothing (hall hinder the Execution of

Raft. 462.

9 Ed. 4. f. 51.

Kel.

Fitz. Petit, 9.

Tlie Great or Privy Seal ftiall not hinder the Execution of Juftice. a Ed. 3. c. 3,

5 Ed. 3. c. 9. Regiil. 186.

9 H, 3, flat. I. C.

FEM, Whereas before this Time, in cafe that a Man hath demanded by Petition in the Parliament certain Lands and Tenements which be in the King’s Hands, and to the fame Petitions hath been anfwcred in the fame Parliament, Chancery, or the King’s Bench, that the King will that a Writ be fued to the Treafurer and Chamberlains of the Exchequer, to fearch Charters, Miniments, and other Remembrances, which may him avail, whereby he may be advifed to make Anfwer; (z) to which Writs commonly the Treafurer and Chamberlains have anfwered, that they have fearched but not by-fearched, and would not anfwer that they have fully fearched, and nothing found, nor that they can no more find, but that which they have fent, whereby according to the Law afore this Time ufed, a Man hath not had caufe to put them which he for the King to anfwer, and in fuch Manner the Demandants have been greatly delayed to their Mifchief;”

(3) Wherefore it is aflented, That after that the four Writs be returned, whether the Miniment or Remembrance he found for the King, or not, that then in the Parliament, Chancery, or in the King’s Bench, or in the Common Bench, they which fhall fue for the King fhall be put to anfwer, and to defend the Lands and Tenements fo demanded againft the King, to the heft that they can or may according to the Law, fo always that every of the four Writs be delivered to the Treafurer and to the Chamberlains forty Days before the Day of the Return; (qj and that by Commandment of the Great Seal, or Privy Seal, no Point of this Statute fhall be put in Delay; nor that the Juftices of whatfoever Place it be, fhall let to Jo the Common Law by Commandment, which fhall come to them under the Great Seal or Privy Seal.’

29. Enforced by I r Rich. 2. c. 10. and 16 Car. 1. c. 10. <ivbicb regulates the Privy Council) and takes atvr.y the Star Chamber.

CAP. XV.

No Pardon for Felony, but where the King may do it faving his; Oath.

ITEM come avant ces houres en cas homme ad demaunde par petition du parlement certeines terres Sc tenementz qe font en la mein le Roi & a les dites petitions eit efte refpondu en dit parlement Chancellerie ou en Bank le Roi qe. le Roi voet qe brief foit fwy as Treforer Sc Chaumbreleins pur ferchier chartres monumentz Sc autres remembrances qe lui pount valer par quoi il puifle eftre avife a faire refpouns as queux briefs comunement le Treforer & Chaumbreleins ont refpondu qils ount ferche mes nemy parferche & nount pas volu refpoundre qils ount pleinement ferche & riens ne troevent ne qils poent plus trover fors- cc qils ont mande par quoi per la ley avant cefte hure ufee homme nad my eu caufe a mettre ceux qe font pur le Roi a refpouns Seen tieu manereles demandantz ont efte grantement delaiez a mefehief de eux par quoi eft aiTentuz qe apres qe lesquatre briefs foient retournez le quel qe monyment ou remembrance foit trove pur le Roi ou nemy qe adonqes en parlement Chancellerie ou en Bank le Roi ou en commune Bank foient ceux qe font pur le Roi mys. a refpouns 5c a defendre les terres Sc tenementz enfi. demandez devers le Roi a meutz qils faveront ou purront felonc la lei enfi totes foitz qe chefcun des' quatre briefs foit liveree as Treforer & Chaumbreleins quarante jours devant le jour de retourn. & qe par mandement de grant feal ne de priv.e feal nul point de ccft eftatut ne ne foit mys en delay, ne qe Juftices de quecumque place qe fe foit lefient a faire commune lei pur maundement qe les vendra defoutz le grant fehbou privee feal..

6 Etf. 1. c. 9. 2 Ed. 3, c. 2*

“ |TEM, Becaufc by divers Statutes made before “ 1 this Time in divers Parliaments it was aflented, “ That no Charter of Pardon of the Death of a Man “ fhould he granted by the King, but in cafe where he “ may do it keeping the Oath of his Crown ; which “ Statutes have not been liolden, but Charters have “• been granted without Number to divers Felons and

3

ITEM puree qe par divers eftatutz avant ccs houres faites en divers parlcmentz fi fut alfentuz qc nul chartre dc pardoun de mort de homme ne ferroit fait par le Roi. mes en cas qil le poet faire gardant le ferement de fa Coroune les queux eftatutz ne ount pas efte tenuz einz ount efte chartres fanz nombre grantez as divers larons & homicides

a mal

Stat. i

229

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. a mal enfample & aftrai des bones gentz Sc loialx par quoi les larons & meftefours font comfortez affaire lour roberies & homicides & les fount de jour en autre Sc plus font efbaudiz 3 le faire par caufe de elpoir davoir lour chartres de pardoun legere-mcnt fi eft aflentuz acorde Sc eftabli qe mil chartre de pardon demort de hotnme ne dautre felonie ne ne foit defore enavant grante a nul forfqe en cas ou le Roi poet faire fauvant le ferement de fa corone fi come eft contenuz en les eftatutz avant ces houres faitz et ft nulle chartre foit defore grante contre les ditz eftatutz qele foit tenu pin' nulle.

44 Manflayers, to the evil Example and Fear of good 44 People and lawful, whereby Thieves, Felons, and 6 Co. 13.

44 Offenders be comforted to do their Robberies and ioEd. 3. flat. *; 44 Man-flaughter, and the fame do from Day to Day, c' z‘

“ and the more be encouraged to do the fame, becaufe “ of Hope eaftly to have their Charters of Pardon;”

4 (z) it is afiented, eftablilhed, and accorded, That ‘ no Charter of Pardon of the Death of a Man, nor 4 of other Felony, fhall be from henceforth granted to 4 any Man, but in cafe where the King may the fame ‘ do faying the Oath of his Crown, as it is contained 4 in the Statutes made before this Time; (3} and if 4 any Charter be from henceforth granted againft the 4 'faid Statutes, the fame ftiall be holden for none.’

CAP. XVI.

BTore what Perlons Nifi Prius may be granted.

ITEM come avant ces houres foit eftabli qe les enquefees & jurrez qe. font aprendre auffibien de Bank le Roi come de commune Bank fuiflent pris devant un ou deux Juftices de meifmes les places* ft come eft contenuz en meifme les eftabliffementz Sc ja ft eft notoriement veu Sc conu qe diverfes en-queftes & jurrees ont efte aprendre & encore font en divers contees Engleterre ou nul Juftice neft venu a grant mefc'hier" des parties qe fuent & auffi des bones, gentz du pays qe iont mys en panel par quoi eft aflentuz Sc eftabli qe qi qe ce foit qe de-mande-le.Nift prius en Bank le Roi auffibien ala feute le defendant come de pleintiff come avant ces hures ad efte fait par forme deftatut qe lui foit le Nifi prius grante devant afeun Juftice de la place ou le plee pent ft afeun de la place peufle bone-ment aler en celles parties & ft nemy adonqes foit grante le Nifi prius devant afeun Juftice du commune Bank au certein jour qe poet eftre acorde & tenor du record a lui liveree ou mande defoutz le feal de chief de la Place a queu jour il preigne len-quefte Sc retourne le verdit defoutz fon feal ovefqe le brief la tenour Sc le panel! Sequel foit receu en. Bank le Roi Sc illoeqes enroule & fur ce juggement rendu folonc le verdit de mefme lenquefte Et eit-!e dit Juftice du commune Bank poair de recorder defautes Sc nounfeutes auxi avant come le Nifi prius euft efte grante devant afeun Juftice du Bank le Roi apres queux defautes iffint recordez & retournez en Bank le Roi aillent les Juftices a juggement rendre de mefme le Record. En mefme la manere foit fait de toutz les plees qe font ou ferront en commune Bank dont les enqueftes Sc jureez font ou ferront aprendre en pays par le Nifi prius. Si nul des Ju-ftices de meifme la place ne y aille foit le Nifi prius grante devant afeun Juftice du Bank le Roi affaire come devant eft dit des Juftices de commune Bank Sc la tenour du record a meifme celui Juftice maun-de qi eit autiel poair come devar.t eft dit de Juftice du commune Bank qeft affigne aprendre les enqueftes & jurrees du Bank le Roi. Et (il aveigne qe nul des Juftices del un Bank ne del autre ne puifie venir en pais la ou enqueftes & jurrees font aprendre adonqes foit le Nifi prius grante devant

“ TTE.M, Whereas before this Time it was efta- x-=ej. ,. flat. j. 44 blifhed, That the Inquefts and Juries which be c. 30.

44 to be taken, as well of the King’s Bench as of the 12EJ.2. flat. 1. “ Common Bench, fhould be taken before one or more c'f^' 2„

44 Juftices of the fame Place, as it is contained in the n - 4 -•

44 faid Eftabliftiment; and now it is notorioufly feen

44 and known, that divers Inquefts and Juries have

“ been * taken, and yet be in divers Counties of Eng- * To be takes,-

“ land, where no Juftice did come, to the great Mif-

44 chief of the Parties that do fue, and alfo of the

44 good People of the Country which be impanelled:” 33 H. 6. f. 14.

‘ (2) Wherefore it is afiented and ftablifhed, That 16 H. 7. f. i*.

‘ whofo demandeth the Nifi prius in the King’s Bench,

‘ as well at the Suit of the Defendant, as of the Plain-4 tiff (as before this Time hath been done by the Form ‘ of the Statute) the Nifi prius fhall be granted before 4 any Juftice of the Place where the Plea dependeth,

4 if any of the fame Place may well go into thofe ‘ Parts; (3) and if not, then the Nifi prius fhall be Dyer 163;

‘ granted before any Juftice of the Common Bench, * Ed- 3- c-a6>-4 at a certain Day, which may be accorded, and to de-4 liver or fend the Tenor of the Record to him under c the Seal of the chief Juftice of the Place, at which 4 Day he ftiall take the lnqueft, and return the Verdidl:

4 under his Seal with the Writ, the Tenor, and the 4 Panel, which fhall be received in the King’s Bench, c and there enrolled, and thereupon Judgement given 4 according to the Verdict of the lame inqueft. (4)

‘ And the faid Juftice of the Common Bench ftiall Nifi prius may 4 have Power to record Defaults and Nonfuits, as far be granted be-‘ forth as if the Nifi prius had been granted before any fore * Ju*ice of ‘ Juftice of the King’s Bench; after which Defaults "heredie 4 fo recorded and returned in the King’s Bench, the-Suitdependetb.

4 Juftices ftiall go to give Judgement upon the fame 27Ed. 1. flat. ii-‘ Record. . (5) And in the fame Manner be it done ofc,4-4 all the Pleas which be or fhall be in the Common ‘ Bench, whereof the Inquefts and Juries be or fhall £ be taken in the Country by Nifi prius. f) And if 4 none of the Juftices of the fame Place go, the Nifi 4 prius ftiall be granted before any Juftice of the King’s 4 Bench, to do as afore is faid of the Juftices of the 4' Common Bench ; (7) and the Tenor of the Record.

4 fhall be fent to the fame Juftice, that he may have'

4 like Power as afore is faid of the Juftices of the Com-4 men Bench, which he affigned to take Inquefts and 4 Juries of the King’s Bench. (8) And if it happen 4 that none of the Juftices of the one Bench nor the 4 other may come into the Country where Inquefts or'

4 Juries be to be taken, then the Nifi prius fhall be

4 granted-’

Anno decimo quarto Edward 1 III. A. D. 1340.

4 granted before the chief Baron of the Exchequer, if 4 he be a Man of the Law, and he fhall have fuch 4 Power as the Juflices of the one Bench and the other ‘ have by this Statute, (g) And in cafe that none of ‘ the Jultices of the one Bench nor the other, nor the ‘ chief Baron of the Exchequer, being a Man of the 4 Law, do not come into the Country where the In-‘ quells and Juries be or fhall be taken by the Niji 4 prius, then the Nifi prius fhall be granted before the 4 Juflices affigncd to take Ailifes in thofe Parts; (10)

4 lb always that one of the faid Juflices affigncd be 4 Juflice of the one Bench or the other, or the King’s 4 Serjeant fworn: And the fame Juflices fhall have 4 fuch Power as afore is faid of the J uftices of the one 4 Bench and of the other. (11) And if the one Party 4 demand the Tenor of the Record to have with him,

4 to deliver to the Juflices before whom the Nift prius 4 is granted, for to efchue that no Fraud or Damage 4 be done to the other Party, nor to the People of the 4 Inquefts, another Tenor of the fame Record fhall 4 be delivered to the other Party, if he the fame re-4 quire. (12) And whereas it hath been another Time 4 eflablifhcd, that the Juflices before whom the Niji 4 prius hath been granted in Pleas of Ailifes, of Dar-4 rain prefentment, and fhtare impedit, fhould have 4 Power to give the Judgements in the Country upon 4 the Verditls of Affife, and of Inquefts, and upon 4 Nonfuits and Defaults; (13) it is affented, That 4 the Juflices of the one Bench and of the other, the 4 chief Baron of the Exchequer, and the Juflices af-4 figned, before whom the Nji prius is granted by this 4 Statute, fhall have Power to give Judgements in the 4 Country, and return the fame according as it is con-4 tained in the Statute of York thereupon made.’

And fee 1411. 6. c. I. 35 H.

13 Ed. 2. flat, i, c-4:

Judices of Ai-fife may give Judgement upon Aflife, Qua re impedit and Darrain prefentment.

6 R. z. flat. r. c. 5. Juflices of .

Afflflfcall bold their Seflions in principal Towns,

11 R. z. c. xi.

Chancellor and

Juflices 'fhall have .Power to appoint where Ajjtfes Jhall be held, containing various Regulations concerning Trials at Niji pr ius,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. le chief Baron del Efchequer fil foit homme de ley & eit autieu poair come les Juflices del un Bank ou del autre ont par cell eflatut. Et en cas qe nul des Juflices del un Bank ne del autre ne le chief Baron del Efcheqer qi foit homme de lei ne viegne en pais ou les enquefles Sc jurrees font ou ferront aprendre par le Nifi prius adonqes foit le Nifi prius grante devant Juflices affignez a les affifes prendre en celles parties iffint toutes foitz qe un des ditz Juflices affignez foit Juflice del un Bank ou del autre ou Serjant le Roi jurree Sc eient mefmes ces Juflices autieu poair come devant eft dit des Ju-ftices del un Bank Sc del autre. Et fi lune partie demaunde la tenour du record devers lui avoir pur liverer a le Juflice devant qi le Nifi prius eft grante pur efehure qe fraude ne damage ne foit fait al autre partie ne as gentz del enquefte foit un autre tenour de mefme le record bailie a lautre partie fil le demande. Et come foit autre foitz eftabli qe les Juflices devant queux le Nifi prius ad efte grante es plees dalfifes de darrein prefentment et quare impedit eient poair de rendre les juggementz en pais fur verditz daffife Sc denquefle & fur nonfeutes Sc defautes ft eft affentuz qe les Juflices del un Bank & del autre chief Baron del Efcheqer & Ju-ftices affignez devant queux le Nifi prius eft grante par ccft eflatut eient poairde rendre les juggementz en pais Sc ce retournir felonc ce qeft contenuz en. leftatut dEverwyk fur ce fait.

8.c. 6. lZElix. c. iz. izGa. 1. c. 31. 24 Geo. 2. c.'lZ.fea 5}

CAP. XVII.

A Juris ulrum maintainable for a Parfon or Vicar.

19 H. 8. f. 7. c S Ed. 3. f. 5.	<

40Ed. 3. f. aS. c Fitz. Juris utr. c 1,4. Fu-z. Diiof, 785. Bro. Dean c andChapt.&c.z. c z Roll £S. c 13 Ed. 1. Eat. 1. c c. 24. Co. 399. Regift. 3Z.

.Rift. 419.

ITEM it is affented and ftablifhed, That Parfons, Vicars, Wardens of Chapels* and Provofts, Wardens and Priefls of perpetual Chaunteries, fhall have their Writs of Juris utrum of Lands and Tenements, Rents, and Poneflions annexed, or given perpetually in Alms to Vicarages, Chapels, or Chaunteries, and recover by other Writs in .their Cafe as far forth as Parfons of Churches or Prebends.’

ITEM ceft affentuz & eftabli qe vikeres parfones & gardeins de chapeies Sc provofts gardeins Sc chapelleins des chaunteries perpetueles eient lour brief de Utrum des terres tenementz rentes Sc pof-feffiones annexes ou donez perpetuelement en al-rnoigne as vikeries chapeies ou chaunteries &reco-verir par autres briefs en lour cas auxi avant come parfones des eglifes ou provendres. ,

CAP. XVIII.

If the Tenant will vouch to Warranty a dead Man, the Demandant may aver that he is dead.

44 ¥ TEM, Becaufe the Demandants in Plea of Land 44 I have been often delayed, for that the Tenants 44 have vouched to Warranty a dead Man, aaainft which 44 Voucher the Demandants before this Time might 44 not be received to aver that the Vouchee is dead, to 44 their great Delay and Mifchief;” 4 (2) it is accord-4 cd an 1 eftablifhed, That from henceforth if .the Te-4 nr.nt vouch to Warranty a dead Man, and the De-4 mandnnts will aver that the Vouchee is dead, or that 4 there is none, fuch, their Averment fhall be received c without Delay.’

ITEM pur ceo qe les demandantz en plee de terre ount efte fovent delaiez de ce qe les te-nantz ount vouche a garrant un homme mort en-contre queu vouchier les demandantz ne poaient my avant ces heures aver efte receux daverir qe le vouchier eft mort a grant delay Sc mefehief de eux acorde eft et eftabli qe defore en avant fi le tenant vouche a garrant un homme mort Sc le demandant voille averer qe le vouche eft mort ou qil neit nul tiel foit laverement de lui receu fanz plus delay.

CAP.

Stat. i

23

CAP.' XIX.

How Purveyors for the King’s.Houfe and Wars fhall make their Purveyance.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM eft aflentuz qe les purveanccs qe fe ferront pur les Hoftiels Ie Rioi & la Roigne par la ou ils de- obs, by murront & patient par pays foicnt faites par garrant & poair donez as ceux qe ferront hs purveances 12 Car. 2. c. 2 en quele foit expreftement contenuz qils nc purvoient ne achatent riens fi ce ne foit par foer fait entrs les aeatours & les vendours & par le bone gree des vendours. Et fi afcun voille riens prendre par colour de fa commiffion contre cell eftabliflement ne ne foit nul tenuz de obeier a lui plus avant qe fil neuft nulle commiffion et de ce qe ferra enfi achate & purveu foit paiement fait au vendour avant> ce qe le Roi pafie hors de la verge. £t des grantz purveances a faire come des chars pefshons & autres vittailles pur les guerres le Roi & pur fes chaftielx & vilies vittailler en Efcoce Engleterre & aillours foicnt certeins merchants ou bones .gentz deputez par le Treforer a faire les dites purveances fanz commiffion & fans poair du Roi ou dautre enfi qe le poeple ou afcun de eux ne ne foit mys a vendre riens contre lour gree & volente. Et qe nul commiffion foit faite au garde in des chivals le Roi par le Roi ne par le vifeount ne par autres de faire purveance-pur les chivals le Roi mes foulement foit mande au vifeount qil face les purveances par lui & par les feons des iflues- de fa bailie et qe le nombre des chivals pur queux il ferra tieu purveance foit contenu en fon dit mandement et qe nulle' purveance foit faite outre cel nombre fauve qe !e chief gardein eit un hakeney et qil preigne garde qe le pais ne foit my charge des plus qe gardent les chivals forfqe pur chefcun chival un garceon fanz menir femmes pages ou chic ns ovefqe eux et fi plus foient trovez demorantz en charge du pays foient menez a la prifone a demorir illoeqes tanqe le Roi mande fa volente. En mefme la manere foit mande a vifeounte qil face les purveances pur les chiens le Roi des iffues de fa baillie par la ou ils demurront et qe tieles purveances fe facent par null autre forfqe par vif-cont et foit contenu en fon mandement le nombre des chiens pur queux il ferra purveance outre queu nombre null purveance foit fait iflint qils vivent de lour certein fanz chargier.le pais. Et fi nul fe fent greve contre cell eftabliflement qil eit fon recoverir devers le vifeount de tieu grevance a luy faite.

CAP. XX.

A Subfidy granted to the King of the Ninth Lamb, the Ninth Fleece, &c. in Regard of Grants, &c. made to the Lords and Commons, and for the King’s Wars.

ET pur les grantz relees et pardons des dettes chateux des felons et de futifs et moultz des autres E X P. -chofes et bons eftabliflementz defus efcriptz qe le Roi ad grante as Prelatz Contes Barons et a toutz les communes de fon Roialme pur leefe de eux perpetuelement adurer les ditz Prelatz Contes Barons et touz les communes du Roialme unement et de un aflent et de un bone volente eiantz regard a la bone volonte qe le Roi lour Seignur lige ad devers eux et a les grantz travalx qil ad fait et fuftenu auffibien en fes guerres dEfcoce come devers les parties de France et aillours et a la bone volente qil ad a travailler pur_ fon Roialme garder fes guerres meintenir et fes droitures purchacer fi ont ils grantez a lui le noefifme aignel le noefifme toyfon et la noefifme garbe a prendre par deux ans profehein avenir. Et des citees et burghs le verrai noefifme de toutz lour biens et chatelx aprendre et lever par loial et refonable tax par mefme les deux ans en-eide de la bone garde de fon Roialme auffibien par terre come par meer et de fes guerres auffibien devers les parties dEfcoce come devers les parties de. France Gafcoigne et aillours. Et en droit des marchantz foreins qe ne demoerent poynt en citees nen burghes et auxint des autres gentz qe demoerent qn foreftes gaftines et touz autres qe poynt ne vivent de lour gaynerie ou de lour eftor des berbiz par bon avis de ceux qe font deputez taxours foient mys loiahnent a la value au quinzifme fanz eftre defreionable-inent plus avant chargez. Et neft pas lentent le Roi ne des autres grantz et communes qe par my cele grant fait au Roi du quinzifme les poures cotiers ne autres qe vivent de travail! de lour corps foient compris dedeinz le tax de dite quinzifme einz foint defehargez par lavis de ceux qe font deputez taxours et des grantz qe font deputez furveours.

CAP. XXL

A Subfidy granted to the King of Wool!, Wooll-fells, and other Merchandife exported from' Eaficr next until the Feaft of Pentecoft Twelvemonth following..

ET comentqe les communes de Roialme prierent au Roi qil voufift par aflent de parlement gra'nfer et.E X P.

eftablir qe james nc feuft pris plus de cuftume dun fak de leine qe un demy mark ne de plum efteyin quirs ne pealx lanutz forfqe launciene cuftume ne pur quant le Roi pria as Prelatz Contes Barons et as touz les communes qe pur grofles bufoignes qil avoit ore entre meins come ils bien favci'ent qils lui vou-fiffent grander afcun eide iur les leines quirs pealx lanutz et autres marchandifes adurer un piece fur quoi eu deliberation les ditz Prelatz Contes Barons et communes de fon Roialme lui ont grante quarante fouldz. aprendre tie chefcun fak de leine et quarante fouldz de chefcun trois centz pealx lanutz et de chefcun laft de quirs quarant foldz et dautres marchandifes a la ferant qe pafleront outre meer et a comenciera la fefte du Pafch’ en lan du regne le Roi qoreft quatorifme et adurer tanqe a la fefte de Pentecoft profehein feuant et decel feft tanqe al feft de Pentecoft profehein feuant en un an. Et pur cel grant le Roi par aflent des Prelatz Contes Barons et touz autres aflemblez a fon parlement li ad grante qe de la fefte de Pentecoft qc vient en un an lui nc fes heirs ne demanderont ne afferonfc ne prendront ne ne foeffront eftre pris

plus

232

Stat. i

A. D. 134.0.

12 Car. 2. c. 24, How the Sub-fidy granted to the King (hall be /pent*

Anno decimo quarto Edwardi III.

Ex Rot. in Furr. I .nd

plus de cuftume de un fak de leine de null Engleys forfqe un demy marc de cuflume tantfoulement et fur pealx et quits launcien cuftume et dcit le fak contenir vynt et fys pieres ct chefcun piere quatorze livres. Et qe chefcun qe paflera leynes as parties de dela Engleys ou autre refeant habitant ou repeirant en Engle-terre troelTe bone et fuffifant feurte ascuftumers devant fon pafler de reporter de cheicune fak de leine plate dargent a la value de deux marcs a fon primer retournir ou repeiriret mefme la plate porter a lefehange le Roi et ilioeqes receive fes deniers. Et qe nul ne cokette leines forfqe en le noun de ce'iui a qi celles leines ferront et fi nulles leines foient trovez autrement cokettez foient pris en la main le Roi come forfaitz. Et a cell eftablifiement lealment tenir et gardcr fi ad le Roi promys en la prefence des ditz Prelatz Contes’Barons et autres en fon plein parlement fanz plus de charge mettre ou affeer fur la couftume forfqe en manere come eft fufdit. Et en mefme la manere les Prelatz Contes Barons ont lealment promys tant come en eux eft qils pro-cureront le Roi tant come ils pount a le tenir et qe en null manere ils ne aftenteront au contraire fi ce ne foit par alTent des Prelatz Contes Barons et communes de fon Roialme et ce en plein parlement. Et pur plus grande feurte et a doner caufe a touz de efehuire a Confeiller au contrarie de ce point deftabliffement ft ount les Prelatz promys a doner fentence fur touz ceux qe viegnent al encountre en nul poynt.

Other Statutes made Anno 14 Edward III. Stat. 2. and Anno Dorn.

1340.

The King’s Grant, that the forefaid Subfidy of the Ninth Lamb, &c. fhall be no Example, nor prejudicial to his Subjeds: All fhall be fpent in his Wars.

DWARD by the Grace of God, he. to all “ jp them, &c. Greeting. Know ye, that whereas a £l-J pre]ate55 Earls, Barons, and Commons “ of our Realm of England, in our prefent Parliament “ holden at TVcJhninfter the Wcdnefday next after the “ Sunday of middle Lent, the Fourteenth Year of our “ Reign of England, and the P it ft of France, have “ granted to us of their good Gree and good Will, in *c Aid of the Speed of our great Bufinefs which we sc have to do, as well on this Side the Sea as beyond, “ the Ninth Sheaf, the Ninth Fleece, and the Ninth “ Lamb, to be taken by two Years next coming after <c the making of the fame, and the Cities and the Bur-"c geffes of Boroughs the very Ninth Part of all their ,e Goods ; and the foreign Merchants, and other, “ which live not of Gain, nor of Store of Sheep, the “ Fifteenth of their Goods lawfully to the Value

*	(2) We willing to provide for the Indemnity of the

*	laid Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other of the Com-

*	munalty, and alfo of Citizens, Burgefles, and Mer-‘ chants aforefaid, will and grant for us and our Heirs, ‘ to the fame Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commons, ‘ Citizens, Burgcftes and Merchants, that the fame ‘ Grant which is fo chargeable, fhal) not another Time ‘ be had in example, nor fall to theirPrejudice in Time c to come, nor that they be from henceforth charged 1 nor grieved to make any Aid, or to fuftain Charge, ‘ if it be not by the common Aflent of the Prelates, 1 Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and Commons ‘ of our faid Realm of England, and that in the Parlia-

*	ment; (3) and that all the Profits rifing of the faid ‘ Aid, and of Wards and Marriages, Cuftoms and Ef-e cheats, and other Profits rifing of the faid Realm of ‘ England, fhall be put and fpent upon the Maintenance

*	and the Safeguard of our faid Realm of England, and ‘ of our Wars in Scotland, France, and Gafcoin, and in ‘ no Places elfewhere during the faid Wars.’

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. m. 21.

EDWARD par la grace de Dieu Roi dEngle-terre h de France h Seignur dlrlaunde a touz ceux as queux ceftes lettres vendront falutz. Sachiez qe come Prelatz Contes Barons h communes de noftre Roialme dEngleterre en noftre prefent parlement fomons a Weftmonftier le Mef-kerdy profehein apres le demenge en my Quaref-me lan de noftre regne dEngleterre quatorzifme h de France primer nous aient grantez de lour bone gree h de bone volonte en eide del exploit de noz groffes bufoignes queles nous avons afaire auxi bien de cea la meer come par dela la noefifme garhe le noefifme tuyfon h le noefifme aignel aprendre pur deux ans profeheins avenir apres la feifance de ceftes h les citeyns des citees h burgeys de burghs la verrei noefifme de toutz lour biens & les mar-chantz foreyns & autres qe nevivent poynt de gay-nerie ne deftore des berhiz le quinzifme de lour hiens loialment a la value Nous voillantz purvoier al endemnite des ditz Prelatz Contes Barons & autres de la dite commnnalte & auxint des citeyns burgeys & marchantz fufditz voilloms & grantoms pur nous & pur noz heirs as meifmes les Prelatz Contes Barons & communes citeyns burgeys h marchantz qe ce grant qe eft fi chargeant ne foit autre foitz trefte en enfample ne ne trete a eux en prejudice en temps avenir ne qe eux foient defore chargiez ne grevez de commune eide faire ou charge fuftenir ft ce ne foit par commune affent des Prelatz Contes Barons et autres grantz et communes de noftre dit Roialme dEngleterre et ce en parle-ment et qe touz 1 s profitz fourdantz du dit eide et des gardes manages cuftumes elchetes et autres profitz fourdantz du Roialme dEngleterre foient mys et defpenduz fur la meintenance de la fauve garde de noftre dit Roialme dEngleterre et de noz guerres dEfcoce France et Gafcoigne et null part aillours durantz les dites guerres,

CAL

A. D. 1340.

Anno decimo quarto Ed ward i Ilf.

Stat. 3.	233

cap. ir.

All Merchants, being no Enemies, (hall come into the Realm, and depart quietly.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ET come y foit contenuz en la Grande Chartre „ qe toutz marchantz eicnt fauve ct fcure con-duyt daler liors do noftre Roialme dEngleterre et de y venir et demorer et aler par my le Roialme dEngleterre auxibien par terre come par ewe a achater etvendrc paiantz lour dreits cuftumes forfpris en temps de guerre Nous a la requeft'des ditz Prelatz Countes Barons St communes voloms St grantoms pur nous St p.uT noz heirs St fucceflures qe touz marchantz denzeins & foreins forfpris ceux qe font de noftre enemite puiflent fanz eftre deftourbe fau-vement venir en le dit Roialme dEngleterre od lour biens St marchandilcs & fauvement demorer & fau-vement retourner paiantz les cuftumes fubfidz & autres profitz refonablement ent dues iffint toutes Foitz qe les fraunchifes St franches cuftumes refon-ablement grantez par nous St par noz aunceftres a la Citeede Loundres St autres citees burghs St bones villes de noftre dit Roialme dEngleterre lour foient fauveez.

“ T TEM, Where it is contained in the Great Char- Raft. 5.

“ if ter, That all Merchants {hall have fafe and fure 9H *•

“ Conduct to go out of our Realm of England, and to C'J°' 9 E<t' 3-“ come and abide, and go through the Realm of Eng- E„fJrctdby *5 “ land, as well by Water as by Land, arid to buy and Ed. yjUt 4A. “ fell, paying their Rights and Cuftoms, but in the 16 R. 1. r. 1. “ Time of War;” ‘ (2) we at the Requeft of the c- 9*

‘ Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commons, will and ® ‘4- f4-,

1 grant for us and for our Heirs and SuccefTors, That s“rdien ‘Siler

*	all Merchants, Denizens and Foreigners (except fime Rejir aiont.

‘ thole which be of our Enmity) may without Let See lihcviifc n

‘ (afely come into the faid Realm of England with their H.t.c.6. concern--c Goods and Merchandifes, and fafelytarry, and fafely '''JjAtunrsl c return, paying the Cuftoms, Subfidies, and other ‘ Profits reafonably thereof due ; (3) fo always, that Franchifes ‘ Franchifes and free Cuftoms reafonably granted by us synced to cities

*	and our Anceftors to the City of London, and other J"v^orousI,a ‘ Cities, Boroughs, and good Towns of our Realm of av '

‘ England-, be to them faved.’

. . - . r

A Statute made at Weftminfter April 16 th. Anno 14EDW. III. Stat. 3.

and Anno Dorn. 1340, reciting fome former Grants, and limiting

the Cuftom on IVooll, Plate, &c. See Appendix.

A Statute for the Clergy, made at Weft min fax April 16, Anno 14 Edw. III. Stat. 4. a?td Anno Dom. 1340.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 20.

EDWARD par le grace de Dieu Roi dEngleterre & de France St Seignur dlrlaunde as toutz ceux as queux ceftes lettres ven-dront faluz. Sachiez qe come en le primer article de la Grante Chartre foit contenu qe Lelglife dEngleterre (oit fraunke & eit totes fes droitures en-tiers & fes franchifes nient blemis et aulli en tut plein des eftablifiemenlz faitz auxibien en temps de noz progenitours com en noftre temps ft eft mefme larticle lovent ratifie St afferme ne pur quant en noftre parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le Mefkerdy en ■ny Quarefme ft nous eft monftre parLonurable Piere en Dieu J. Ercevefqe de Canterbirs Primat de tote Engleterre les autres Prelatz et le Clerge de noftre roialme coment afeuns oppreffions et grevan-i:es font faites en divers maneres par afeuns noz mi-niftres as gentz de feinte Eglife countre lour fran-rhifes la Grant Chartre et les eftabliffementz avant-litz les quelles oppreffions ils miftrent en petition n priant fur ceo remedie. Pur quoi nous veue et egarde lour dite petition et fur ceo eu deliberation ivefqe les pieres de noftre roialme et autres de loftre confeil et du roialme fomons a noftre dit larlement et eant regarde a la Grant Chartre et mtres eftabliflementz fufditz et a la requefte des litz Prelatz et Clerge qi molt nous ount eide et de Vol. I.

“ ~|~p DWARD by the Grace of God, &c. Grdef-“ gl ing. Know ye. That whereas in the firft Ar-“	'	tide of the Great Charter it is contained, that

“ the Church of England be free, and have all her “ Rights entirely, and Franchifes not blemifihed ; (2) ana alfo in all the whole Eftablifhments made as well “ in Times of our Progenitors, as in our own Time, “ the fame Article is often ratified and confirmed : “ (3) Neverthelefs in our Parliament holden at TVeJl~ “ minjler the IVcdncfday next after the Sunday of middle “ Lent, it is {hewed unto us by the Reverend Father in, “ God, John Archbilhop of Canterbury, Frimate of “ England, and the other Prelates and Clergy of our “ Realm, how fome Oppreftions and Grievances be <! done in divers Manners by fome of our Servants to “ People of holy Church, againft the Franchife of the “ Great Charter and the Eftablifhments aforefaid, “ which Oppreffions they fhew in Petition, praying “ upon the fame Remedy. (•)) Wherefore we, their' “ Petition feen and regarded, and thereupon Delibera-“ tion had with the Peers of our Realm, and other of “ our Council and of the Realm, fummoned to our faid “ Parliament, and havingRegard to the Great Charter, “ and to other Statutes aforefaid, and at the Requeft “ of the (aid Prelates and Clergy, which have much “ aided us, and da ly do, by the Affent and Accord of

Hh .	“	the

9h.

C. I.

3". ftar. s(j'

234

St.it, 4*

Anno decimo quarto

“ the faid Peers, and of all other fummoned and beinjj “ in our faid Parliament, have granted and do grant “ for us and our Heirs and Succeffors, to the faid Pre-“ lates and Clergy, the Things underwritten perpe-“ tually to endure.”

IjU U ft KU 1 ill!	X	i	• x-r • x ^ if— •

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. jour 'en autre le fount par acord et aflent des ditz peres et de toutz autres fomons et efteantz en noftre dit parleitient fi "aVoms grante "et grantons pur nous et pur noz heirs et fuccelTours as ditz Prelatz et Clerge ies chofes defouth efcriptes perpetuelement adurer.

2	Ed . 1 C. I.

jS' nfc n id bv jS Ei. 3. c. 4, i.R. 2. c. 3

3	c, 20. IVh,

CAP. I.

i

Spiritual Perfons Goods fhall not be taken by Purveyances without the Owners Confent.

CES.T pflavoir qe nul depar nous ne depar autre par commiflion de grant feal ne du petit ne fanz commifiion ire prendre riens des bledz feyns beftcs cariages nautres biens des Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbees Priours Abbefles Prioureffes parfons vikers ou dautres gentz de Seinte Eglife dedeins lour manfi-ons manoii-s granges ou dautres lieUX dedeinz le fee de feinte Eglife ne dehors contre le gree et la volente de ceux as queux les biens ferront. Et defendons qe defore nulle tiele commiflion defouthe le grant feal ne ie petit cn nulle maivere ne ifle a nulle tiele prife Faire qar nous parnons les ditz Prelatz et Clerge lour ' pOfTefSons biens et chatelx-en efpeciale protcdbion :et dcfenfe de nous et de noz heirs. Et aufli grantons par nous et pur noz heirs qc nous nc chargerans defore en avant n'ull des ditz Prelatz ne du Clerge ne lour maifons' de rctenir oftag'es ne fojdinantz ciEi’coce ne daiitre pais ne noz chivhlx ne chiens faucons ne autres oyfealx dcnoz ne daiitri'contre lour gree et volente fauvant'a nous totes foitz les fervices qe nous font dues dc droit de ceux qe nous deivent le fervice de fuftenir et retenir chiens chivalx et oyfealx.

gives an Ann or. of ‘Trifpbfs hgctltfi Purveyors ojpistling. 12 Car. 2. c. 24. takes aauay Purveyance. But fee 13 Car. i.Jiat. 1. c. 8. and 13 & 14 Car, ub Jeff end she 12 Car. 2. in favour of the rojal Progreffes, assd of she Navy and Ordnance. See itkewife the yearly' Mutiny APIs.

C A P. II.

As

Prefentment to Churches made by the King in another’s Right.

r T7 T pur ceo qe par caufe des -temporal tez efteantz en noftre main ou en le main de noz aunceftres par "•3* jrp, relon des Ercevefchees’Evefchees -Ou autres Prelacies voides et auffi par Caufe des autres terres tCne-

Repealed by 25 Ed. 3. ftat.

1 Co. 2c6 mentz fees et avoefons efteantz en noftre main ou en le main de noz aunceftres par nonnage des heirs ft ad efte ufe avant cefte houre qe exception de Plenertee ne rie tient pas lieu devers nous ne’devers aufcun de noz aunceftres nient plus en cas la ou tieux prefentementz nous furent devolutz en autri droit qe fils neuffent efte eh noft're droit deTTieThe ou~eii le ""droit'3e noftfe c'brbune'par qiioi molt des parfouns et provendres fi furent .ouftez de lour eglifes provendes et ben flees les queux ils- avoient tenuz de grarn temps a grant rrref-eftief et empoveriffenient 'de. eux 'fi voloms etigrantoms pur'nous et'pur noz heirs pur tieux mefehiefs oufter qe deforenavant nous ne noz heirs ne ne ferroms collation tcu prefenterrrent a eglife provendre chapelle ou autre benefice par caufe dc tieux vdidances des-Prelacies bu'des terres des enfauntz deinz age ou autres ve-nuz ou a venir en noftre m in ou en la main de noz heires ft nous ou noz heirs ne faceoms noz collations cu prefentementz dedeinz 1 s trois annz apres qe tieux benefices enfi fe voideront de fait St qe des tieux eglifes’ et autres benefices "des queux clercs fortt en pofleffion ’ et o"nt eu pofleffion par un an avant la fei-fance de ccft eftatut nous ne noz, heirs ne eioms adtion ne refon a prefenter as tielx benefices enfi pleins. Et ne volons qe .nul hqrne foit tenuz a refpoundre a brief-de Quare impedit pris en noftre noun en tieu cas ft la collation ou prefentement ne ne foit fait deinz les trois anns apres la voidance come eft fufdit. Et des ceux voidauces avenuz en temps de noz aunceftres ne ne foit defore nulle collation ou prefentement fait par nous ne par noz heirs einz de Action prendre de tieux voidances ft en foioms de tut quitement forclos.

C A P. III.

No Bifhop’s Terriporalties fhall be feifed without good Caufe.

‘ ¥ TEM, We will and grant for us and for our ‘it Heirs, That from henceforth we nor our Heirs ‘ fhall not take, nor caufe to be taken into our Hands, ‘ the Temporalties of Archbilliops, Bifhops, Abbots, ‘.Priors, or other People of holy Church, of what E-/ a. 3. ftat. 2. ‘ ftate or Condition they be, without a true and , juft Rcgi/t. 32.	‘	Caufe, according to the Law of the Land, and Judge-

Bnf.rcJt'y	‘ ‘merit thereupon given.’

25 £d. 3 .fiat.

4. * c. 6.	,	‘

T volOns et grantons pur nous et pur noz heirs qe deforenavant nous ne noz heirs ne pren-drons ne ne ferroms .prendre en noftre main les temporaltez des Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbees Priours ou dautres de quel eftat ou condition qils foient fanz verroie et joufte caufe felonc ley de terre et jugge-ment fur ceo la done.

CAP. IV.

* Read fiat. 3.

How the Temporalties of Bifhops fhall be ufed in Time of Vacation.

“ TTEM, Becaufef that in the Petition of the faid “ A Prelates and Clergy it is contained, ThatEfchea-“ tors-and other Keepers, - iri the Time of Vacation of 4

T7 T pur ceo qe en la petition des ditz Prclatz'et KIj Clerge fi elt contenu qe efehetours et autres gardeins en temps des voidances des Ercevefchees

Evefchee*

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

Evefehees et autres Prelacies fi ont fait grant waft et deftrubtio’n cea en arere ft volons qt grantons pur nous et pur noz heirs qe a totes les foith qe tieux voidances deforenavant avendront qe noz efche-tours et les efehetours de noz heirs qe pur temps ferront entrent et facent bien garder les dites voidances fanz faire waft ou deftrudlipn en. manoirs. parks vivers ou boys et qils ne vendont futhbois nenchacent en parks nen warennes nen pefehent vivers ne franches pefeheries ne ne gerfonent ne parnount fins des tenauntz fraunks ne bondes einz facent garder et falver quantqe appent a les dites voidances faunz y faire damage ou aufcun manere des oppreffions. Et fi dean et chapitre des eglifes cathedrales priours fuppriours prioreffes fupprio-reffes et coventz des prelacies abbeies ou priouries des queux la voidance atient a nous et a noz heirs voillent rend re a nous et a noz heirs la value des dites Voidances auffi come autres nous voillient ren-dre refonablement adonqes eient Chanceller et Tre-forer poair de lefl'er as ditz dean et chapitre priour ou fuppriour prioreffes fupprioreffes et covent les dites voidances par bone et fuffifaunt feurtie enfi qils les eient devant toutz autres rendant a nous la value felonc ceoqe ferra trove par remcmbraunce de Lefcheqer ou par enqueft fur ceo a prendre ft meftier foit faunz fin faire. Et en cas qils ne voillent acorder a rendre la value ne a trover tide feurtie adonqes Chanceller et Treforer facent ordiner la bone garde de tieux voidances par efehetours ou autres gardeins fuffifantz pur refpondre au Roi de ceo qe a lui attient refonablement faunz faire waft ou deftrubtion ou autre chofe qe purra tourner a deiheritance des eglifes dont tieux voidances aven-4ront.

44 Archbifhopricks, Bifliopricks, arid other Prelacies,.

44 have done great Wafte and Deftrudiion.in the fame 44 in Time paft ;’s ‘ (z) we will and grant for.us and ‘ for our Heirs, That at all Times from henceforth,

4 when fuch Voidances {hall happen, that our Efchea-4 tors and the Efcheators of our Heirs, which for the ‘ Time fhall be, {hall .enter, and caufe to be well kept ‘ the faid Voidances, without doing Wafte or Deftruc-4 tio.n in the Manors, Warrens, Parks, Ponds, or 4 Woods ; (r) and that they fell no Under-wood, nor 4 hunt in the Parks or Warrens, nor fifti in Ponds, nor 4 free Fifhings, nor {hall rack nor take Fines of the 4 Tenants, free nor bond; but fhall keep and fave as 4 much as pertaincth to the faid Voidances,"without 4 doing Harm, or any Manner of Oppreflion. (4)

4 And if the Dean and Chapter of Churches Cathedral,

4 Priors, Subpriors, Priorefles, Subprioreffes, and Co-4 vents of Prelacies, Abbies, or Priories, whofe Void-4 ance pertaineth to us and our Heirs, will render to 4 us and our Heirs the Value of the faid Voidance, as 4 other, will re.afpnahly yield, then the Chancellor and 4 Tr.eafurer fhall have Power to let the faid Bean and The Dean and 4 Chapter, Prior or Subprior, Priorefs or Subpriorefs, cl?aptfr ma.y 4 and Covent, the faid Voidahces by good and fufficient 4 Surety, fo that they {hall have the fame before all will/ *	*

4 other, yielding to us the Value of them, according 4 as fhall be found by Remembrances of the Exchequer,

4 or by'Inqueft.to be taken upon the fame, if need be,

4 without making Fine. (5) And in cafe they wifi not 4 accord to yield to the Value, nor find fuch Surety,

4 then the Chancellor and Treafurer fhall caufe to be 4 ordained the good Prefervation of fuch Voidances by 4 Efcheators, or other fufficient Keepers, to anfwer 4 the King of that to him pertaineth reasonably, with-4 but doing Wafte or’ Dellruction, or other Thing 4 which may turn in Difherifcn of the Churches where -4 of fuch Voidances {hall happen.’

CAP. V.

Who fhall demife Bifhops Temporalties during the Time of Vacation,

ET pur entierement monftrer laffeblion et vo-lente qe nous avons qe ceo qe appartient a Dieu et a feinte eglife foit fauvement garde fanz waft deftrubtion ou empechement de nous ou de noz miniftres fi voloms et par ceftes noz prefentes lettres grantoms plein poair a noftre Chanceller et Trefoter qe pris a eux autres de noftre confeil tieux corne’ils verront qe fount aprendre par bone information des remembrances del Efcheqer et autres informations tieux come mieultz lour fcmblera fi lef-fent les vacations des Ercevefchees Evefchees Abbeies Priories et autres maifons dont la voidance a nous appartient as dean et chapitres priours ou fuppriours prioureffes ou fupprioureffes et covcntz a certein a rendre de chefcun voidance par lan quartre ou moys durantes les vacations felonc ceo qe mieultz lour femblera fanz fin faire fi qe nul efehetour ou autre miniftre en temps de vacation neit caufe ne matire dentrer ou de fe meddler a faire rien qe foit en prejudice des eglifes dont tieux voidances avendront Sauvez a nous et a noz heirs fees des chivalers avoefons des efglifes efehetes wardcs manages et relefes et fervices des ditz fedz. En tef-moignance de qucle chofe a ceftes prefentes lettres avons mys noftre feal. Don’ a Weftm’ le xvi jour

4 1 TEM, Wholly to {Few the Affeblion and good 4 1 Will which he have, that that pertaineth to God 4 and holy Church be fafely kept without Wafte or 4 Deftrubtion, or Impeachment to be made thereof by 4 us or our Minifters, (z) we will, and by thefe.pre-4 fent Letters do grant full Power to our faid Chancel-4 lor and Treafurer, which .taking to them other of our 4 Council, fuch as to them fhall leem belt to be taken, 4 by good Information of Remembrances of the Ex-' 4 chequer, and other Informations, as to them fhall 4 Xeem beft, fliall let the Vacations of Archbilhopricks, 4 Bifhopricks, Abbacies, Priories, and other Houles, 4 whofe Voidances 'pel'taineth unto us, to the Dean 4 and Chapter, Prior or Subprior, Priorefs or £ub-4 priorefs, and Covent, to yield a certain of every 4 Voidance by the Year, Quarter, or Month, during 4 the Vacations, according as to them ihall feim beft, 4 without making any Fine ; (3) fo'that no kfeheator 4 nor other Minifter, in the Time of Vacations fhall 4 have Caufe to enter, or meddle to do any thing which 4 fliall be in Prejudice of the Churches whereof fuch 4 Voidances fliall happen ; (4) faving to us and to our 4 Heirs the Knights Fees, Advowfons of Churches, 4 Efcheats, Wards, Matriages, Reliefs, and Services 4 of the faid Fees. In Witnefs whereof we have nude Khz	4	thefe

4 thefe our Letters Patents, dated at JVeJlminJier the 4 Sixteenth of April, the Fourteenth Year of our Reign ‘ of England, and the Firft of France

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. dAveril lan de noftre regne dEngleterre quatorzifme et de noftre regne dc France primer.

* Tncdom*

Anno 14EDWARD1 III. Stat. 5. « Anno Dom, 1340.

The Realm and People of England fhall not be fubjeCt to the King or Kingdom of Frame. ■

44 DWARD, by the Grace of God, King of 44 EH j England and France, and Lord of Ireland, to “	all	tliofe	which	thefe	Letters fhall hear or fee

“ Greeting. Know ye, That whereas fome People do 44 think, that by reafon that the Realm of France is 44 devolved to us as right Heir of the fame, and for-44 afmuch as we be King of France, our Realm of Eng-“ land fhould be put in Subjection of the King and of “ the Realm of France in Time to come; (z) we ha-<c ving regard to the Eftate of our Realm of England, “ and namely, that it never was nor ought to be in 44 Subjection, nor in the Obeifance of the Kings of “ France, which for the Time have been, nor of the 44 Realm of France, (;) and willing to provide for the “ Surety and Defence * of the Realm of England, and 44 of our liege People of the fame 4 will and grant 4 and ftablifli for us and for our Heirs and Succeflors, 4 by Affent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Com-‘ mons of our Realm of England, in this our prefent 4 Parliament funimoned at JVeJlminJier the JVednefday 4 next after the Sunday in Middle Lent, the Fourteenth 4 Year of our faid Reign of our Realm of England, and ‘ the Firft of France, that by the Caufe or Colour of

*	that, that we be King of France, and that the faid ‘ Realm to us pertaineth, as afore is faid, or that we ‘ caufe us to be named King of France in our Style, or ‘ that we have changed our Seal or our Arms, nor for

*	the Commandments which we have made, or from 1 henceforth fhall make as King of France, our faid 4 Realm of England, nor the People of the fame, of 4 what Eftate or Condition they be, fhall not in any 4 Time to come be put in SubjeCtion nor in Obeifance 4 of us, nor of our Heirs nor Succeflors as Kings of 4 France, as afore is faid, nor be fubjeCt nor obedient, 4 but fhall be free and quit of all Manner of SubjeCtion 4 and Obeifance aforefaid, as they were wont to be in 4 the Time’of our Progenitors Kings of England, for 4 ever. In Witnefs of which Things, &c. Dated at 4 JVeJlminJier, fsV. the Fourteenth Year of our Reign 4 of England, and the Firft of France.'

* Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. m. zi.

TT E Roi a toutz ceux as queux ceftes prefentez 1 lettres vendront faluz. Sachietz 'qe come ^J afeuns gentz entendont qe par refon qe le Roialme de France eft devolut a nous come droit heriter dycell et par tant qe nous fumes Roi de France noftre Roialme dEngleterre ferroit mys en fubjeCtion du Roi et du Roialme de France en temps avenir nous eiantz regard a leftat de noftre dit Roialme dEngleterre et meement a ce qele neftoit unqes ne deveroit eftre en fubjeCtion nen obeiflance des Roys de France qi pur temps ont efte ne du Roialme de France et voillantz purveer a la feurte et immunite du dit Roialme dEngleterre et de noz liges gentz dycell voloms et grantoms et eftablif-foms pur nous et pur noz heirs et fucceflburs par affent des Prelatz Countes Barouns et communes de noftre dit Roialme dEngleterre en ceft noftre prefent parlement fomons a Weftmonfter le Mefkerdy profehein apres le Dymeinge en my Quarcfme lan de noftre regne dEngleterre quatorzifme etdeFrance primer qe par caufe ou colour de ceo qe nous foi-oms Roi de France & qe le dit Roialme nous ap-pardent come defus eft dit ou qe nous nous fefoms nomer Roi de France en noftre eftile ou qe’nous avoms change noz fealx ou noz armes ne pur man-: dementz qe nous avoms fait ou ferroms defore ena-vant come Roi de France noftre dit Roialme dEngleterre ne les gentz dycell de quel eftat ou condition qils foient ne foient en nul temps avenir mys en la fubjeCtion ne obeiflance de nous noz heirs ne fucceffours come Roys de France ne a nous noz-heirs ne fucceffours come Roys de France come defus eft dit foient fuggitz ne obeifantz einz foient fraunches et quites des totes maners de fubjeCtion et obeiflance defus dites come ils foleint eftre en temps de nos progenitours Rois dEngleterre a toutz jours. En tefmoignance de quele chofe a ceftes pre-fentes lettres avoms mys noftre feal. Don’a Weftm’ le xvijour dAverillles auns de noftre regne dEngleterre et de France fufditz.

Statutes made at Weftminfter Anno 15 Edw. III. and Anno Dom. 1341. Ihefe are repealed by the fubjequent AEl^ and may be found in the Appendix.

By

A. D. 1341.

Annodecimo quinto Edwardi HI.

2 37

By another Statute made alfo Anno 15 Edw. III. the laft mentioned Statute of Anno 15 Edw. III. was repealed> becaufe it was made without the Ki?w s ConCent.

O	J

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. ig. dorfo.

REX vicecomiti Lincoln’ falutem. Cum in parliament noftro apud Weftra’ in quindena Pafche proximo preterita convocato quidam articuli legibus Si confuetudinibus regni noftri Anglic Si juribus Si prerogative noftre regiis expreffe contrarii pretendantur per inodum ftatutorum per nos fuifl'e conceffi Nos confiderantes qualiter ad ob-fervationem Si defenfionem legum confuetudinum juriumfc prerogativarum hujufmodi aftritfti fumus vinculo juramenti et proinde volentes ea que fic fi-unt improvide ad ftatum debitum revocare fuper hoc cum Comitibus et Baronibus ac peritis aliis diifti regni noftri conftlium habuimus et traftatum Et quia editioni di£ti ftatuti pretend nunquam con-fenfimus fet premiffis proteftationibus de revocando diiftum ftatutum fi de fafto procederet ad evitan-dum pericula que ex ipfius denegatione tunc time-bantur provenire cum dictum parliamentum alias fuiftet fine expeditione aliqua in difcordia diffolu-tum et fic ardua noftra negotia fuiffent quod abfit verifimiliter in ruina diffimulavimus ficut oportuit et didtum pretenfum ftatutum ftgillari permifimus ilia vice videbatur didtis Comitibus Baronibus et peritis quod ex quo didtum ftatutum de voluntate nodra gratuita non proceffit nullum erat et quod nomen vel vim datuti habere non deberet. Et ideo dictum datutum de ipforum condlio et aflenfu decre-vimus effe nullum et illud quatenus-de fadto pro-ceflit duximus adnullandum volentes tamen quod, articuli in didto datuto pretenfo contenti qui per alia datuta nodra vel progenitorum nodrorum Regum. Anglie funt prius approbati juxta formam didtorum datutorum in omnibus prout convenit ob-ferventur. Et hoc folum ad confervationem et redintegrationcm jurium corone nodre facimus ut tenemur non autem ut fubditos nodros quos in manfuetudine regere cupimus opprimamus aliqua-liter vel gravemus. Et ideo tibi precipimus quod hec omnia in locis infra ballivam tuam ubi expedite videris publice facias proclamari. T. R. apud Weftrn’ primo die Odtobris anno quintodecimo.

Per ipfurn Regem et conftlium.

ED W ARD by the Grace of God, &c. to the She- 11 Go. 75. riff of Lincoln, Greeting. Whereas at our Parliament fummoned at U'ejlminjier in the ffuinxime of Eajler lad pad, certain Articles exprefly contrary to the Laws and Cudoms of our Realm of England, and to our Prerogatives and Rights Royal, were pretended to be granted by us by the Manner of a Statute; (2) we, conftdering how that by the Bond of our Oath we be tied to the Obfervarce and Defence of fuch Laws, Cudoms, Rights, and Prerogatives, and providently wil.ing to revoke fuch Things to their own State, which be fo improvi-dently done, upon Conference and Treatife thereupon had with the Earls, Barons, and other wife Men of our faid Realm, and becaufe we never con-fented to the making of the faid Statute, but as then it behoved us, we diflimuled in the Premiftes by Pro-tedations of Revocation of the faid Statute, if indeed it fhould proceed, to efehew the Dangers which by the denying of the fame we feared to come, for-afrnuch as the faid Parliament otherwife had been without difpatching any Thing in Difcord diffolved, and fo cur earned Bufinefs had likely been ruinated (which God prohibit) and the faid pretenfed Statute we permitted then to be fealed : (3) It feetned’to the faid Earls, Barons, and other wife Men, that II-thence the faid Statute did not of our free Will proceed, the. fame be void, and ought not to have the Name nor Strength of a Statute;” ‘ and therefore by their Counfel and Affent we have decreed the faid Statute to be void, and the fame in as much as it proceeded of * Dread, we have agreed to be adnulled; * Read faff.-(4) willing nevertheless, That the Articles contained' in the faid pretenfed Statute, which by other of our'

Statutes, or of our Progenitors Kings of England have been approved, fhall, according to the Form of the faid Statute in every Point, as convenient is, be obferved. (5) And the fame we do only to the Con-fervation and Reintegration of the Rights of our Crown, as we be bound, and not that we fhould in any wife grieve or opprefs our Subjefts, whom we defire to rule by Lenity and Gentlenefs. And therefore we do command thee, That all rhefe Things thou caufe to be openly proclaimed in fuch Places Note, ThU Aff within thy Bailiwick where thou fhalt fee expedient. ufiMn laye Witnefs myfelf at Weftminfter the Firft Day of Oc- ffff ‘ $.e tober, the Fifteenth Year of our Reign.’ '	clh fbj!- ■

P. 52.

A 'Third Statute made Anno 15 Edw. III. exprejfng certain Conditions or Covenants whereupon the Subfdy granted Anno 14. was given him..

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 19. D.

FAIT a remembrer de les conditions qe les grantz & la communalte demandent pur le grante qils ferront a noftre Seignur le Roi pur la noefifme aignel toifon & garbe del an feconde.

C A P-;

23 8

Anno decimo quinto EdWardi III.

A. D. 1341

CAP. I.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

PRIMES ceo qe eft quilli & levee de les.xx. mill’ facs de leine autrefoitz grantez a noftre Seignur le Roi en manere davoire recompenfation de ycele de la noefifme del an feconde foie recoupe & allowe es coun-tees ou les leines font leveez & les perfons paiez & Ies commiilions de vynt mill’ facs repellez.

C A P. II.

ITEM qe les toyfons & aignels de ceft fecond an leveez foient acomptez devant ceux qe ferront deputez a les dites leines quiller qe foient bones, gentz & loiaux du pais. Et qe la value des dites agnels & toifons levees foie recoupe & allowe en le noumbre des facs ore grantez. Et qe le remenant de trois chofes a quiller de ceft fecond an ne foit rienz leveez einz de toutreleftez & fur ceo loient lettres patentes fouz le grant feal liverez as chivalers des counteez fanz rien paier.

CAP. III.

ITEM qe les leines en chefcun countee foient quilliez par bones gentz du pais et foient liverez as re-feeivours le Roi par facs des countess ou ils ferront quilliez folonc le pois ordeinie par eftatut ceft afla-voir xiv. livres pur la picre et xxvi. pieres pur la fac fans autre encres. Et qe nul ne foit chargee de rendre fur ceo acompte al Roi mes fouiement les refeeivours le Roi. Et qen chefcun pais foient aflignez deux grants et bones gentz doier et terminer les pleintes de ceux qe fe voudront pleindre des dites quillours et refeeivours et ce as jours et lieux des countees.

CAP. IV.

ITEM qe les Prelatz Countes et Barons chivalers et autres grantz de chefcun pais queux ferront tenuz de paier la noefifme folonc le grante fur ce faite foient apportionez folonc lour afferant a la charge grante des dites leines. Et en cas qe alcun des Prelatz ou grantz avantditz ou autre ne voille paier folonc ce qil ferra apportionc foient les nouns des tieux et lour portionz liverez as dites refeeivours et par eux a la Chaun-ccllerie et tant foit allowe al countees et celui qe ferra trove defobeifant foit deftreint de paier la treble dc la portion a quele il full mys.

C A P. V.

ITEM qe nul qi qil foitmarchant ne autre achate ne aviegne leines hors de la terre entre cy et la Seint Michel profehein avenir en eide qe le Roi foit fend de ce qe luy eft graunte et qe apres la dite fell de Seint Michel chefcun du roialme marchant et autre fraunchement puifte vendre et achater et pafler la mier ovefqe lour marchandifes des leines & de toutes autres chofes paianz les cullumes auncienernent ufees folonc les eftztuz eintz ces houres faites al darrain parlement tenuz a Weftm’ a my Quarefme. Et ceux qe ont leines foient tenuz de les vendre folonc le fort & pris du pais pur acomplir les leines grantez ou Roi. Et ccux qe ferrount quillours des dites leines foient gentz fufhfaunz de meifme les counteez ellutz ore en parlement & qils ne foient chaungez par nul maundement.

C A P. VI.

IT EM qe le oor la Rcine ne courge en demande par refon de cel grant. Et qe citees & burghs & touz les rcligioufes qc tienent par baronie &■ font tenuz de venir al parlement & ceux qe ount chateux fanz gaineric foient chargees od la commune & qe religious & autres gentz de feint efglile pur terres & pof-feftions purchacez & appropriez nient taxes ove le tax ufee des diftnes foient chargeez en ceft contribution ove la commune. Et celui qe ferra trove coupable de paffage foit a la forfeture de la double value des leines. Et qe les .parnours poeflent prendre les leines quel part qe eles ferront trovez hors de faintuarie folonc le fort 611c pris de Notingham quant a ce qeft arere de la noefifme del an pafie Le Roi fra afligner afeunes des foens ove bones gentz des counteez de prendre informations par totes les voies qils faveront ou purront de la verrei value des noefifmes cn chefcun paroche & folonc ceftes informations foient les noefifmes leveez.

CAP. VII.

T T EM qe Jes petitions par les grantz & la commune monftreez foient affermez felonc ce qils ont grantee JL par le Roi ceft afiavoir les pointz adurer par eftatut & les autres par chartre ou patente & liveres as chivalers des counteez faunz rienz payer & qe pleife a noftre Seignur le Roi de performir la grante qel il ad promys as grantz en droit des attachez et emprifonez ore en ce parlement et ceux qe ount fait fines eftoifent a lour fines ou a la commune ley a lour cheys.

Lt

A. D. 1343.

Anno decinio feptmio Edwardi Ilf,

2J9

Le Parliament tenus a Wejlm. a la Qmnzeme de Pafch. du raign nojlre Seignior k Roi Edward Tiers apres le Conquejl Dys &'feptifmz.

ITEM accorde eft de faire une Monoie des bones Efterlings en Engleterre du pois et del Alay del auncient Efterling, que avera fon cours en En-gleterre entre les Grandz et la Comune de la terre, et la quele ne fevra portes hors du royalme d’ En-glcterrt- en nulle manere ; ne pur quecunque caufe que ceo foit. Et en cafe que les Flemings voillent faire bone monoie dargent groffes ou autres accordant en alay cs bones Efterlings; que tiel monoie eit cours en Engleterre entre Merchant! et Mer-chand et autres qui la vodroient refcevire de lour bone gree; ifllnt que nul argent foit portes hors du Roialine.

Item eft accordes et aftentus, que bones gents et loialx foient affignes es Ports de micre, et ailours, ou misfter ferra, de faire la fcrchc, que nul argent foit portes hors du Roialme en monie n’autrement, forspris que les Grandz quant ils vont per dela qils peufent averveffeals dargent pur fervir lour hoftels: Et que nul foit cy hardy de porter fauffe et malvois monoie en Roialme, fur paine de forfeiture de vie et de membre: Et a faire exchanges a ceux qi paf-feront la miere d’or pur lour bones Efterlings a la value.

Item aftentus eft et accordes, que les dits Ser-cheours, per caufe qils ferront lour offices plus di-liagcmentet plus loialment, ils eient la tierce partie de tote la fauxe monoie, qils purront trover portee deins le Roialm a lour profit demeen : Et en mefme la manere dent la tierce partie de la bone monoie quele ilz troveront en la miere paflant hors de la terre: Et en cafe qils foient troves negligents ou rebealx a tieux ferches faire, que lour terres et tenements, biens et chateux foient feifes en la main le Roy, et lour corps pris, et detenus tanque ils eient fait fine au Roy pur lour difobeifance : Et en cafe quils foient aftentants de porter tiels fauxe monoie, et de fuffrire fachantement 1 argent ou monoie autrement (forfpris que les Grandz quant ilz vont per dela qils peufent aver vefleals dargent pur fervir lour hoftels come de fuis eft dit) eftre mefnes hors du Roialm, eient judgement de vie & de membre.

ITEM, It is accorded to make Money of good 3 in®. 93-Sterling in England of the Weight and Allay of the ancient Sterling ; which fhall be current in England between the Great Men and Commons of the Land; and the which fhall not be carried out of the Realm of England in any Manner, nor for any Caufe whatfoeveV. And in cafe that the Flemmings will makegood Money of Silver grofs or other, according in Allay of good Sterling, that fuch Money fhall be current in England between Merchant and Merchant, and others; who of their own Accord will receive the fame; fo that no Silver be car-" ried out of the Realm.

“ Item, It is accorded and aflented, That good-and lawful Men be affigned in the Ports of the Sea, and elfewhere, where Need fhall be, to make Search, that no Silver be carried out of the Realm in Money or otherwife (except that the Great Men may, when they go out of the Realm, have Silver Vefllls to ferve their Houfes.) And that none be fo hardy to bring falfe and ill Money into the Realm, upon rain of Forfeiture of Life and Member: And to make Exchanges with them that fhall pafs the Sea, of Gold ' for their good Sterling to the Value.

“ Item, It is aftented and accorded, That the faid Searchers, becaufe they may do their Offices more diligently and more lawfully, fhall have the third Part of all the falfe Money that they can find to be brought into the Realm for their own Benefit: And in the fame Manner they fnall have the third Part of the good Money which they fhall find upon the Sea palling out of the Realm : A»nd in cafe they fhall be found negligent or difobedient in making fuch Searches, that their Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chatties fhall be feifed into the King’s Hands, and their Bodies taken and detained until they have made Fine to the King for their Difobedience: And in cafe they fhall be alien ting to the bringing in of fuch falfe Money, or wittingly fhall fufFer Silver or Money (except Veffels of Silver for the Great Men when they go out of the Kingdom to ferve in their Houfes, as before is faid) to be tranfported out of the Realm, they fhall have Judgement of Life and Member.”

Statute made Anno 18 Edw. III. Stat. i. Anno Dom. 1344. declaring in what Cafes and for what Offences Exigents fhall be awarded..

Cotton MS. Nero, C. r.

A CCORDE eft et eftabli qe defore de ceux qe ferrount ou ount eftee Refceivours dez deniers le Roy ou de fez leyns queux ils pement du poepie e lez alloignent et deteignent iffint qe noftre Seignur le -*■ Roi ne poet ent eftre fuy De ceux ce ameignent lez leynz per dela faunz eftre cokettez ou faunz paier cuftume et l’ubfidie as queux ils fount affis et dez cuftumers et tronours queux lez fuftrent as damage le Roy Et de lez Miniftrez qe refeeivent lez deniers le Roy et lez reteignent confpiratours confl-deratours et maintenours dez faux querelz et de ceux qe mefnent routez en prefence dez juftices ou dautres Miniftrez le Roy ou aillours es Counteez en affray de poepie iffint qe la ley ne fe poet pas ent faire et auxibien de ceux qe portent ou veignent en lourcompafgniez come de ceux qe portent le faux mcnee en defeeit de poepie toutz ceux cn cas qe ils ns ■purrount eftre trovez ou mefnez en refponce per attachement ou diftrefs pur le profit le Roi qe texigend foit don et fuy et nemye dez autres.

Ordtnationes

240

Stat. 2.

Anno decimo odlavo Edvvardi II!.

A. D. 1344.

Ordinationes in Parliamento apitcl We dm’ Anno Regni Domini E. Regis Angl’ & Franc’ videlicet Anglie decimo oSlavo & Francie quinto ten to facie.

Another Statute made Anno iS Edw. III. Stat. 2. and Anno Dom. 1344.

t x p. Two Quinzimes granted to the King by the Commonalty, and two Difrnes by Cities and Boroughs, to be paid in two Years, towards his Wars in France and Scotland.

Ex Rot. inTurr. Lond. m. 19. D.

AIT a remembrer qe au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le Lundy profehein apres les outaves de la Tri-jH nite lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi dEngleterrc difoitifme et de France quint furunt monftrez entre autres chofes en plein parlement plufours chofes qe furont attemptez par la partie adverfaire noftre Seignur le Roi de Fraunce encontre la trewe prife nadgairs en Bretaigne entre noftre dit Seignur le Roi et Ton dit adverfaire et coment fon dit adverfaire faftbree tant come il poet a deftruir noftre dit Seignur le Roi fes alliez et fubgitz terres et lieux et la lange dEngleterre et fur ceo fu priez depar noftre dit Seignur le Roi as Prelatz grauntz et communez qils lui donaflent tieu confeil et eide come befoigneroit en ft grande neceffite et les ditz Prelatz grantz et communes eu ent bon deliberation et avys et vyantz aperte-ment la fubverfton de la terre dEngleterre et des grofies bufoignes le Roi qe Dieu defendc ft haftive remedie ne y foit mys ft confeillerent jointement et feveralment et fupplierent ove grande inftance a noftre dit Seignur le Roi qil fe feift ft fort come il plus purroit pur pafler la mieer en afieurance del eide de Dieu et de (a bone querele nfforcement pur faire fyn a cefte foitz de fa guerre ou par vye de pees ou par force et qe pur lettres ne paroles ne beaux premefl'es il ne leflat fon paffage fil ne veit effedl de la bufoigne et pur cefte caufe les ditz grauntz graunterunt de pafler et lour aventurer ovefqes lui. Et la dites communes lui granta pur mefme la caufe fur certeine fourme deux quinzifmesde lacommunalte et deux difrnes des citees et burghs de lever en la manere come la derreine quinzilme a luy graunte full leve et nemye en autre mancre et a paier par deux anz cell aflaver a les feftz des touz Seintz et dc la Pafche profehein fuantz pur le primer an et en cas qe noftre Seignur 1c Roi paffe la meer de paier a mefmes les termes les quinzifme et difme del fe-cond an et nemye en autre manere iffint qe les deniers dece levez foient defpenduz en les bufoignes a eux monftrez a celt parlement par avis des grauntz a ceo aflignez et qe les eides de la Trente foient mys en defens de North. Et noftre dit Seignur le Roi par cell caufe et en eefe de la dice communalte et de touz fes foialx dEngleterre par aflent des Prelatz grauntz et des communes fi granta de fa bone grace les chofes foutheferiptz cell afi'avoir.

CAP. I.

Commiffions of new Inquiries lhall ceafe, faving Indidlments of Felonies, and Trelpafles of Woods carried out without Subfidies, Cultoms, &c.

£ X P.	jsE	les commiffions des novelles enquerrez ceflent et de tout foient anientiz et fur ceo briefs foient faitz

a les ditz Jullices de furfeer fauvez qe les enditementz des felonies et trefpas faites contre la pees des leines mefnez hors du Roialme fanz paier cuftume ou fubfide et dautres biens le Roi ou deniers refeeuz ou detenuz par ceux qont eu commiffions fouz le Seal le Roi et anffint de faufe monoye porte dedeinz le Roialme inchoatz devant mefmes les Jullices nomez es dites commiffions foient terminez en Bank le Roi ou devant autres Jullices a ceo aflignez. Et qe les exigendes iffues et utlagaries pronuncies pur autre caufe qe pur les caufes fauvez ceflent et foient anientiz de tout. Et fur ceo foient faitz briefs tantz et tieux come il bufoignera.

CAP. II.

Jullices of Peace lhall be appointed, and their Authority.

1 TEM, That Two or Three of the bell of Repu-i ration in the Counties lhall be affigned Keepers of the Petce by the King’s Commiffion, (z) and at what Time Need lhall be, the fame, with other wife and learned in the Law, lhall be affigned by the King’s Commiffion to hear and determine Felonies and Trelpafles done againft the Peace in the fame Counties, and to inflict Punilhment reafonably according to Law and Reafon, and the Manner of the Deed.’

1 Ed. 3. flat. 2. c. 16.

4 Ed. 3. r. z.

34 Ed. 3. c. l. th<■ Peace 3 W 7,

6? 19.	16	Geo,	2.	c,	18.	23	Geo,	2.	<,	26.	fee,	i

X?T. auffint qe deux ou trois des mieultz vauetz JA d es countees foient aflignez gardeins de la pees par commiffions le Roi 5c quele heure qe meftier ferra mefmes ceux ovefqes autres fages 5c apris de la leye foient aflignez par commiffion le Roi doier 5c terminer felonies 5c trefpas faites contre la pees eti mefmes les countees 5c puniflement faire refonable-ment lolonc la manere du fait.

12 R, 2 e. jo. 13 R. 2. fiat, 1. c. 7. iS H. 6. c, 11, i Ed, 4. c, 2. I R. 3. c, 3, See farther for the HZpalificatiom and Duty of JufticA of e. \. 1 M.fiat. 2. c. 8.	1	2 P, & M, c, 13. 2 & 1 P. & M. c, 10. 7 Jac, 1. e, 5. 21 Jac, 1. c. 12. 9 Geo. 1 c. 7.	5	Geo. 2. c. 18

24 Geo. 2. c, 44S? 55.	26	Geo,	2.	c,	14	& 27.	27 Geo, 2, c. 16	20. and 30 Geo, 2. c. 24.

A. D. 1344.

Anno decimo oftavo Edwardi III

Stat. 2.	241

CAP. III.

All Perfons may buy Woolls. The Sea fhall be open.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud.

ITEM qe les ordcnancesdevant cesheures faites fur leprisdes fortz des leines en chefcunecoun-tee foient de tout anicntiz & defaitz & qe chefcun homme auffibien eftrange come prive puifle deformes achater leines folonc ceo qil purra acorder ove le vendour aufli come ils foleient faire devant les ordinances avanldites. Et qe nul homme ne foit empeche ne greve pur caufe de nul acate faite en temps pafle encontre les ordinances avantdites et qe la mieer foit overte a tout manere des marchantz depafler ove lour marchandifes.

. contrary to the

ITEM, That the Ordinances made before this

Time, * upon taking of Sorts of Woolls in every * °( the Price County, be wholly annulled and defeated; (2) and Soits> &c’ that every Man, as well Stranger as Privy, from henceforth may buy Woolls, according as they may agree with the Seller, as they were wont to do before the laid Ordinances; f (3) and that the Sea be a Hard'hat open to all Manner of Merchants to pal's with their no Man Jkaiibn Merchandize where itfhall pleafethem.’	hindered or	grim-

cd on Account of ary Pur chafe heretofore made

aferefaid Ordinances, 3 Mod. 126.	5	&	6	E. 6. c. 7. which is repealed by 21 Jac, J, c. z%.

CAP. IV.

Commifllons to affay Weights and Meafures fhall be repealed, and none fuch granted.

ITEM qe les commiflions daflaier mefures aunes & pois foient 'repellez & anientiz de tout & qe defore nul tiel commiffion ifTe et qe mande foit a Treforer & as Barons de Lefcheker de faire ve-nir devant euxtieux commiflioners derendre acompt au Roi nient contrefteant qils alleggent qils font Juftices et ne deivent nul acompte rendre et fi nul fe voudra pleindre fur eux foit oy et fur ceo foient faites briers as vifeontes de faire proclamation qe ceux qe fe voudront pleindre fur tieux commiflion-ers veignent a Lefcheqer et illoeqes fe pleinent et amendes lour ferront faites.

ITEM, That the Commifllons to aflaie Meafures EXP.

and Weights be repealed and wholly adnulled.

And that from henceforth no fuch Commiflion fhall go out. And that it be demanded to theTreafurer and Barons of the Efchequer, to do come before them fuch Commiflioners, to yield account to the King, notwithftanding that they allege, that they be Juftices, and ought not to yield account. And if any will upon them complain, he fhall be heard. And thereupon Writs fhall be made to the Sheriff, to make Proclamation, that they which w-ill complain upon fuch Commiflioners, fhall come to the Efchequer, and there to complain, and amends fhall be to them made.’

CAP. V.

NoEx’gent fhall be granted in Trefpals, but where it is againft the Peace.

ITEM qe nul exigende ifle deformes en cas ou homme eft enditez de trefpas qe ne foit encontre la pees ne des chofes qe ne font contenues en la declaration fait de ce cas en derrein parlement te-nuz a Weftm’.

T TEM, That no Exigent fhall from henceforth go Jl out, in cafe where a Man is indi£h?d of Trefpals, unlefs it be againft the Peace, or of Things which be contained in the Declaration made in this Cafe at the stat. rS Ed. 3. laft Parliament holden at Wejhninjlcr.'	ftat-	*•

CAP. VI.

Money fhall be made and Exchanges ordained where the King fhall pleaft.

ITEM qe nul homme foit ar£te a prendre la novelle monoie dor qe noftre Seignur le Roi ad ordeignez E x P.

daler en paiement a certein pris dedeinz la fomme dexxs. Et auflint qe monoies dor & dargent foient faites en la cittee dEverwyk & aillours ou le Roi voudra ordeigner en la manere qe homme fait a la Tourde Loundres & qe efehaunges foient ordeignez en les hones vilies folonc ce qil femblera a noftre Seignur le Roi mieultz pur le profit & eefe de lui & de fon poeple. Et qe ordeignez ioit en certein quele chofe fen a done pur efehaunge de chefcune piece dor.

CAP. VII.

When the King’s Wages to Soldiers fhall begin and end.

ITEM qe les eftatuz faitz fur les purveances affaire fur loftel le Roi la Roigne et lour enfantz en les queux eft contenuz qils ne achatent ne preignent riens fil ne foif par le bone gree des ven-dours et par feer faitentre les achatours et les ven-

Vol. I.

TEM, That the Statutes for the Purveyances, to Mirror 15.

__ he made for the Houfes of the King, the Queen, 5 Erf. 3 c.*.

and their Children, wherein it is contained. That j. ftic.2. £ they fhall not buy nor take any Thing, unlels it he c‘*•

- by Agreement of the Sellers, and by Promife made I i	‘	betwixt

242

Staf. 2.

Anno decimo otfavo Edwardi III

‘ betwixt the Buyers and the Sellers, fz) and that the ‘ Statutes made of the Steward and Marfhal of the

*	King’s Houfe, and what Pleas they {hall hold and ‘ determine before them in the Marfhalfey, {hall be ‘ holden and kept in all their Points ; (3) which Sta-4 tutes our Lord the King hath caufed to be tranfcribed,

*	and fent to the Steward and Mar{hal of his Houfe, ‘ and to the Treafurer of the Wardrobe, and Writs ‘ with them, to keep and maintain the fame in all ‘ Points. (4) And that Men of Arms, Hoblers, and 4 Archers, chofen to go in the King’s Service out of

1 Efl. 3. fiat. z. < England, {hall be at the King’s Wages from the Day 4 that they depart out of the Counties where they were 4H. 4. c. 13.	4	chofen, till their Return.’

A. D. r 344.

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. dours et aufiint les eftatutz faitz del eftat le Senef-chal & Marefchal del hoftel le Roi & queux pleedz ils tendront & determineront devant eux en la Ma-refchalcie foient tenuz &gardez en touz lour pointz les queux eftatutz noftre Seignur le Roi ad fait tranfefcrivre & mander as Senefchal & Marefchal de fon hoftel & aTreforer de la garderobe & briefs ovefque eux de les garder & meintenir en touz pointz. Et qe gentz darmes hobelers & archers efluz pur aler en le fervice le Roi hors dEngleterre foient as gages le Roi du jour qils departiront hors des countees ou ils ferront eflutz.

Exemplificatur de aflenfu parliamenti.

A Statute of the Clergy, ?nade Anno 18 Edw. III. St at. 3. and Anno

Dom. 1344.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 19.

EDWARD par la grace de Dieu Roi dEngleterre & de Fraunce et Seignur dlrland as tous ceux qe ceftes lettres verrount ou or-rount falutz. Sachez qe a noftre parlement tenus a Weftm’ le Lundy profchein apres les oytaves de la Trinite profchein paflez entre autres chofes monftrez aflentuz et accordez en le dit parlement ft furent monftrez aflentuz et accordez les chofes fouthelcritz.

44 TT^ DWARD by the Grace of God, &c. Greet-44 In ing. Know ye that at our Parliament holden 44 -*—/ at TVeftminJler the Monday next after the Utas 44 of the Holy Trinity, the Year of our Reign of Eng-44 land the Eighteenth, and of France the Fifth, a-44 mongft other Things {hewed, aflented, and accorded 44 in the faid Parliament, there were {hewed, aflented, 44 and accorded thefe Things under-written.”

EXP.

CAP. I.

A Triennial Difme granted to the King by the Clergy towards the Maintenance of his War it*

France.

PRimerement coment plufours chofes furent attemptez par la partie noftre adverfarie de France countre la true prife nadgairs en Bretaigne entre nous & lui & coment il fafforce tant come il poet a deftruire nous noz allies & fuggiftez terres & lieux & la lange dEngleterre & fur ceo fuft priez de par nous as Prelatz Grantz & Communes qils nous donaflent tieu confeil & eide come bufoigneroit en ft grant neceflite & les ditz Prelatz grantz & Communes eu ent bone deliberatioun & avis & veiantz apertement la fubver-fion de la terre dEngleterre & de noz grofles bufoignes qe Dieu defende ft haftive remedie ne foit mys ft confeillerent jointement & feveralment & fuppliefent ove grant inftance a nous qe en afi’urance del eide de Dieu & de noftre bone querele nous nous afForceons par totes les bones voies qe nous purroms de faire fyrt a ceft foitz de noftre guerre & qe pur lettres ne paroles ne beaux promefles nous ne leflons noftre paflage ft nous ne veons effeft de la hufoigne. Et pur cefte caufe les ditz grantz granteront de pafler & lour aven-turer ovefqe nous et les ditz Prelatz et procuratours de la clerge nous granterent pur mefme la caufe une difme triennale a paier as certeins jour ceft aflavoir de la province de Canterbirs as feftes de la Purification de noftre Dame et de Seint Barnabe lApoftoil et de la province dEverwyk as feftes de Seint Luce et de la Nativite de Seint Johan le Baptiftre. Et nous pur cefte caufe en meintenance del eftat de feint eglife et en eefe des ditz Prelatz et de tote la clergie dEngleterre par aflent des grantz et des communes ft gran-tafmes de noftre bone grace les chofes fouzeferites eeft aflavoir qe nul ne Ercevefqe ne Evefqe ne foit em-pefehez devant noz Juftices pur caufe de crime ft nous ne les comandons efpecialment tanqe autre remedie en foit ordeignez.

CAP. II.

Bigamy fhall be tiied by the Ordinary, and not by Inqueft.

4 ITEM, If any Clerk be arraigned before our Juf-4 x tices at our Suit, or at the Suit of the Party, and 4 the Clerk holdeth him to his Clergy, alledging that 4 he ought not before them thereupon to anfwer ; (zj 4 and if any Man for us, or for the fame Party, will 4 fuggeft, that he hath married two Wives, or one * Widow, that upon the fame the Juftices {hall not

3

ITEM qe ft nul clerk foit areinez devant noz Juftices a noftre fuyte ou a la fuite de partie et le clerk fe tiegne a fa clergie allegeant qil ne doit devant eux fur ce refpoundre et ft homme lui fur-mette pur nous ou pur la partie qil eit efpoufe deux femmes ou une veue qe fur ceo les Jufticez neient conifancc nc pocr dc trier par enqueues ou cn autre

manere

A.D. 1344. Anno decimo odavo Edward 1 III.	Stat.	3.

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond. manere la bygamie cinz foit mandez a la Court Chriftiene come adefte fait en cas de baftardie. Et tanqe la certification foit mande par lordinarie de-moerge la perfone en quele bigamie eft alegge par les paroles fufditz ou en autre manere en garde fil ne foit meinparnable.

‘ have the Cognifance or Power to try the Bigamy by ‘ Inqueft, or in other Manner; but it (hall be fent to ‘ the Spiritual Court, as hath been done in Times paft £ in cafe of Baftardy. (3) And till the Certificate be ‘ made by the Ordinary, the Party in whom the Bi-‘ gamy is alledged, by the Words aforefaid, or in ‘ other Manner, fhall abide in Prifon, if he be not ‘ mainpernable.’

243

CAP. III.

Prelates impeached for purchafing Lands in Mortmain.

ITEM qe fi Prelatz clers beneficez ou gentz de religion qount purchacez terres etles ountmys a mort meyn foient empefchez ou arefonez fur ceo devant noz Juftices et ils monftront noz chartres de licence et procefle fur ceo fait par enqucfte Ad quod dampnum ou de noftre grace ou par fin qils foient leflez franchement en pees faunz eftre outre empefchez pur la dite purchace. Et en cas qils nc pur-ront fufficialmcnt monftrer qils ne foient entrez par due procefle apres la licence a eux grante en general ou efpecial qils foient bonement refceuz a faire covenable fyn et qe lenquerrie de ceft article cefle de tout folonc lacordement pris en ceft parle-ment.

JTEM, If Prelates, Clerks beneficed, or Religious People, which have purchafed Lands, and the fame have put to Mortmain, be impeached upon the fame before our Juftices, and they {hew our Charter of Licence, and Procefs thereupon made by an Inqueft of Ad quod damnum, or of our Grace,- or by line, they fhall be freely let in Peace, without being further impeached for the fame Purchafe. (2) And in cafe they cannot fufficiently {hew, that they have entered by due Procefs after Licence to them granted in general or in fpecial, that they fhall be well received to make a convenient Fine for the fame; and that the Enquiry of this Article fhall wholly ceafe accord- 7 Ed. i*• ****• *• ing to the Accord comprifed in this Parliament.’ 1	'	-Pa,‘ *"

e. 3. 1 Ed. 3.

ftat. 2. c. 12» Andfee 15 R, 2. c. 5. 23 H. 8, c, 10. prohibiting Corporations. 1 {sf 2 M. c. 8. permitting Mortmain.	7	8 JV, 3, c, 37. empowering the

King to grant Licences to alien in Mortmain3 and 9 Ceo. 2. c. 36. retraining Gifts in Mortmain by Will*

CAP. IV.

In Commiffions to be made for Purveyance, the Fees of the Church fhall be excepted.

ITEM qe leftatutz touchantz les purviances de nous et de noz fitz en temps paflez pur nous et pur noz 3 Ed.»• e< i.

progenitours pur gentz de feint eglife foient tenuz en touz pointz et qen les commiffions a faire furtieux ’4-^d. 3. flat, purveances foient forfpris les fees de feint eglife et biens des gentz de feint eglife en quecunque lieu qils foient \ trovez.

* Forfat. 3,

CAP. V.	iead/af.4.

No Prohibition fhall be awarded but where the King hath Cognifance.

‘ TTEM, That no Prohibition fhall be awarded out I2h.j. f. 22.

‘ J. of the Chancery, but in cafe where we have the 4Co. 113. 5C0, ‘ Cognifance, and of Right ought to have.’	73’ 6 Co. 23.

b b	9 Ed. 2. flat. 1.

P. VI.

ITEM qe nule prohibition ne ifle dehors de la Chauncellerie ft noun en cas qe nous averoms

la conifaunce et devons avoir de droit.

C A

Temporal Juftices fhall not inquire of Procefs awarded by Spiritual Judges.

ITEM qe par la ou commiffions font faites de novel as diverfes Jufticez qils facent enqueftes fur Juges de feint eglife le quel qils facent jouft procefle ou excefle en caufe du teftament et autres les queux notoriement apartiegnent a la conifaunce de feint eglife les ditz Juftices ount enquis et fount enditer juges de feint eglife en blemiflement de la franchife de feint eglife qe tieles commiffions foient repellezet deforemes defenduz favelarticle de Eyre tiele come il doit eftre.

ITEM, Whereas Commiffions be newly made to divers Juftices, that they fhall make Inquiries ‘ upon Judges of holy Church whether they made ‘ juft Procefs or exceffive in Caufes Teftamentary, c and other, which notorioufiy pertaineth to the Cognifance of holy Church, the faid Juftices have enquired, and caufed to be indidted, Judges of holy Church, in blemifhing of the Franchife of holy Church;” ‘ (2) that fuch Commiffions be repealed, and from henceforth defended, faving the Article in Eyre, fuch as ought to be.’

I i a

CAP.

244

Stat. 3.

Anno decimo o&avo Edwardi III.

A. D. 1344.

3. loft. 639.

Jufticeaof both Benches (hall Icrve the King in their Office. Dale. 13.

To warn the King of any Damage.

To do Juft ice.

To take no Rc. ward of any having a Suit.

To give no Counfel where the King is a Party.

2. E<i. 3. c. 3. Knfcreed by 20 Ed. 3. c. I.

To maintain 00 Suit.

Not to deny Right for Let-Urs,

CAP.

No Scire facias fhall be awarded

“ T TEM, Whereas Writs of Scire facias have been “ 1 granted to warn Prelates, Religious and other “ Clerks, to anfwer Difmes in our Chancery, and to “ fhew if they have any thing, or can any thing fay, “ wherefore fuch Difmes ought not to be reftoied to “ the faid Demandants, and of anfwer as well to us, “ as to the Party of fuch Difmes4 (z) that fuch 4 Writs from henceforth be not granted, and that the 4 Procefs hanging upon fuch Writs be adnulled and re-4 pealed, and that the Parties be difmiffed from the fe-4 cular Judges of fuch Manner of Pleas ; (3) faving to 4 us our Right, fuch as we and our Anceftors have had, 4 and were wont to have of Reafon:	In	Witnefs

4 whereof, at the Requeft of the faid Prelates, to thefe 4 prefent Letters we have fet our Seal. Dated at Lon-4 don the Eighth Day of July, the Year of our Reign 4 of England the Eighteenth, and of France the Fifth.’

VII.

againft a Clerk for Tithes.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM qe par ou briefs de Scire facias oient efte grauntez a garner Prelatz religious et au-tres clers a refpoundre des difmes en noftre Chaun-cellerie Sc a monftrer fils eient riens pur eux ou fachent riens dire pur quoi tieux difmes a les de-mandauntz ne devient eftre reftitutes Sc a refpoundre auxibien a nous come a partie des tieux difmes qe tieux briefs defore enavant ne foient grauntez & qe les proce'fles per.dantz fur tieux briefs foient ani-entiz et repellez & qeles parties foient dimifes de-vant feculers juges de tieux maners de pledz favez a nous noftre droit tiel come nous Sc noz aunceftres avons eu Sc foleions avoir de refoun. En tefmoi-gnaunce de queux chofes a la requeft des ditz Pre-latz a ceftes prefentes lettres avons faitz mettre noz fealx. Don’ a Londres le viii. jour de Juyl lan de noftre regne dEngleterre difoitifme Sc de France quint.

The Oath of the fufices, being made Anno i 8 Edw. III. Stat. 4. and

Anno Dorr

4 ’17E fhall fwear, That well and lawfully ye fhall '	y	Icrve our Lord the King and his People in the

4 — Office of Juftice, and that lawfully ye fhall 4 counfel the King in his Bufinels, and that ye fhall 4 not counfel nor aflent to any thing which may turn 4 him in Damage or Difherifon by any Manner, Way,

4 or Colour, (z) And that ye fhall not know the Da-4 mage or Difherifon of him, whereof ye fhall not caufe 4 him to be warned by yourfelf, or by other ; and that 4 ye fhall do equal Law, and Execution of Right, to 4 all his Subjects, Rich and Poor, without having Re-4 gard to anyPerfon. (3) And that ye take not by 4 yourfelf, or by other, privily nor apertly. Gift nor 4 Reward of Gold nor Silver, nor of any other Thing 4 which may turn to your Profit, unlefs it be Meat or 4 Drink, and that of fmall Value, of any Man that 4 fhall have any Plea or Procefs hanging before you, as 4 long as the fame Procefs fhall be lo hanging, nor af-4 ter for the fame Caufe. (4) And that ye take no 4 Fee, as long as ye fhall be Juftice, nor Rohes of any 4 Man great cr fmall, but of the King himfelf. (5)

4 And that ye give none Advice or Counfel to no Man 4 great nor lmall, in no Cafe where the King is Party.

4 (6) And in cafe that any of what Eftate or Condition 4 they be, corn - before you in your Seffions with Force 4 and Arms, or otherwife againft the Peace, or againft 4 the Form of the Statute thereof made, to difturb 4 Exe ution of the Common Law, or to menace the 4 People that they may not purfue the Law, that ye 4 fhall caufe their Bodies to be arrefted and put in Pri-4 foil ; (7) and in cafe they be fuch that ye cannot ar-4 reft them, that ye certify the King of their Names, 4 and of their Mifprifion haftily, fo that he may thereof 4 ordain a convenable Remedy. (8) And that ye by 4 your felf nor by other, privily nor apertly, maintain 4 any Plea or Quarrel hanging in the King’s Court, or 4 elfewhere in the Country. (9) And that ye deny to * no Man common Right by the King’s Letters, nor 4

• 1344-

VOUS jurez, que bien & loialment fervires a noftre Seignur le Roy et fon poeple en loffice de Juftice, et que loialment confeil-leres noftre Seignur le Roy en fez befoignes. Et que vous ne confeilleres ne affentires a chofe que luy purra tourner en damage ou defheritefon per queconque voye ou colour. Et que vous ne fa-veres le damage ou difheritefon de luy, que vous ne luy ferrez garnir per vous ou per autre. Et que vous ferrez owel ley et execution de droit as toutez fes fubgettez riches & povrez fauns avoir regard a quelconque perfon. Et que vous ne prendrez per vous ne per autre en prive nen apert don ne reward dor ne dargent ne dautre chofe queconque, que a voftre profit pourra tournir, fil ne foit manger ou boire Sc ceo de petit value, de nul home qui avera plee ou proces pendaunt devaunt vous, taunt come cel proces ferra iffint pendant, ne apres pur cel caufe. Et que vous ne prendres fee, tanque come vous ferres Juftice, ne robes de nul home graunde ne petit, ft non de Roy mefmes. Et qe vous ne dirrez counfeil ne avyz a nulle graunde ne petit, en nul cas ou le Roy eft partie. Et en cas que afeuns, de quel eftate ou condition quils foient, veignent devant vous en vos feffions a force Sc armes ou au-trement contre la peas, ou contre la forme del efta-tut ent fait, pur diftourber execution del commune ley, ou pur manafeer lez gentz que ils ne purroient purfuir la ley, qe vous ferrez arrefter lour corps, & mettre en prifon. Et en cas quils foient tielx que vous ne lez poez arrefter, qe vous certifies le Roy de lour nouns Sc de lour mifprifion haftivement, if-fint qe il puifle ent ordeigner renredie covenable. Et que vous ne maintiendres, per vous ne per autre en prive nen apert, nul plee ne nul querele pendant en le court le Roy naillours en paiis. Et qe vous ne declarez a nully come droit per lettres du Roy ne de nully autre ne per autre caufe queconque.

A. D. 1344. Anno decimo odtavo Edwardi III.

que. Et en cas que afcuns lettres vous veignent contrariez a la ley, que vous ne ferres riens per tielx lettres, eyens certifies le Roy deceo, Sc irrez avaunt, pur faire la ley, nient contrefteantz mef-mes les lettres. Et que vous ferres & procures le profit du Roy & de (a Corone ove toutes les cho-fes ou vous le purres faire refonablement Et en cas que vous foies trove en defaute deforenavant en nul ces pointes avantditz, vous ferres en la yolunte du Roi du corpz terres Sc davoir, de faire ent que luy plerra. Si Dieu vous eide Sc toutes feyntes.

Sent. 4

‘ none other Man’s, nor for none other Caufe ; and in c cafe any Letters come to you contrary to the Law, ‘ that ye do nothing by fuch Letters, but certify the ‘ King thereof, and proceed to execute the Law, not-‘ withllanding the fame Letters. (10) And that ye ‘ fhall do and procure the Profit of the King and of his ‘ Crown, with all Things where ye may reafonably do e' the fame. ' (1 l ) And in cafe ye be from henceforth ‘ found in Default in any of the Points aforefaid, ye ! fhall be at the King’s Will of Body, Lands, and ‘ Goods, thereof to be done as (hall pleafe him, as ‘God you help and all Saints.’

’The Oaths of the Clerks of the Chancery, and of the Clerks of Courfe, i?iade Anno 18 Edw. III. St at. 5. and Anno Dom. 1344.

VOUS jurez, que bien & loialment fervirez a noftre Seignur le Roy Sc a foun poeple en le office de la Chauncellarie, a quele vous eftes attitle ; & nafientirez ne procurez defheritance ne perpetual damage du Roy a voftre poair ; ne fraude ferres, ne procurez eftre fait, a tortdaicuns du poeple, nen chafe que touche la garde de feal: Sc loialement counfeilerez les chofes que touchent le Roy, quant ferrez ent requis ; Sc le counfeil que vous faves touchant luy, conceleres. Et fl vous faches defheritance ou perpetuel damage le Roy, ou fraude eftre fait fur chofes queux touchent la garde du dit feale, vous metterez voftre loiale poair de ceo redrefler & amender. Et fi de ceo ne poiez faire, vous aviferez le chanceller, ou auters que le poent faire amender a voftre entention. Et addatur pro clericis de curfu. Et vous ne porterez, ne foeffres eftre porte a voftre efeient, brieves que vous ferrez, hors du court nient enfealez dent faire execution. Me nul attourne ne recorderez, ne per brieves ne fauns brief, fauns efpecial counge, & fi vous neiez loialement examines la partie et lat-tourne en propre perfone, ou a meyns celluy que fra lattourne en propre perfone. Ne nul brieve que foit de commandement ne liverez a les exa-minours ne au feale, avaunt que mefme le brieve foit ccmmaunde a vous per commandour que poair en eit, fil ne foit a Chancellour, ou a un des meifters que vous commandera de faire lez brieves. Et toutz lez brieves queux vous ferrez, liverez a les examinours per voftre mayn demefne, ou par une compaignon qui eft jurez au Roy, fi vous nefine foies hors du court per caufe dc maladie, ou autre caufe neceflarie, ne les poez faire. Et que nul brieve efeript dautri mayn liveres a les examinours foutz voftre noun come le voftre, ne nul noun forfque le voftre mettres fur vos briefs. Si vous eide Dieu et fes Seintes.

‘ \ T E fhall fwear, that well and lawfully ye fhall ‘ I ferve our Lord the King and his People in the ‘	Office	of	Clerk of the Chancery, to which ye

‘ be attitled ; (2) and ye fhall not aflent nor procure ‘ the King’s Difherifon nor perpetual Damage to your ‘ Power ; (3) nor ye fhall do, nor procure to be done,

‘ any Fraud to any Man’s Wrong, nor Thing that ‘ toucheth the Keeping of the Seal. (4) And ye fhall ‘ lawfully give Counfel in the Thing that toucheth the ‘ King, when ye fhall be thereto required j and the ‘ Counfel which you know touching him, ye fhall ‘ conceal. (5) And if you know the King’s Difheri-‘ fon, or perpetual Damage or Fraud to be done upon ‘ the Things which touch the keeping of the Seal, ye ‘ fhall put your lawful Power to reprefs and amend it; ‘ and if ye cannot do it, then ye fhall certify the Chan-‘ cellor, or other, which may do the fame, to be ‘ amended to your Intent. (6) And for the Clerks of ‘ Courfe fhall be added : And ye fhall not bring, nor ‘ to your Knowledge fuller to be brought, any Writs ‘ which ye make out of the Court not fealed, thereof * to do Execution ; (7) nor fhall record any Attorney ‘ by Writs, nor without Writs, without elpecial Li-‘ cence, if ye have not lawfully examined the Party ‘ and the Attorney in proper Perfon, or at the lean: ‘ him that fhall make Attorney in proper Perfon. (8) ‘ Nor ye fhall deliver any Writ which fliall be of Com-‘ mandment to the Examiners, nor to the Seal, before ‘ that the fame Writ be fent to you by the Command-‘ er, which thereof hath Power, unlefs it be to the ‘ Chancellor, or to one of the Mafters, which com-‘ mandeth you to make the Writs, (y) And all the ‘ Writs which ye fhall make, ye fliall deliver to the ‘ Examiners by your own Hand, or by one Compa-‘ nion which is fworn to the King, if ye yourfelf be ‘ out of the Court becaufe of Sicknefs, or other Caufe ‘ neceflary, fo that ye cannot do it. (10) And no ‘ Writ written of another Man’s Hand fhall be deli-‘ vered to the Examiners under your Name, as yours,, ‘ ncr no Name fhall ye put under your Writs, but ‘ your own, as God you help, and all Saints.’

245'

To procure the King's Profit. The Penalty of an Offender.

3 Inft. 224.

Clerks of Courfe*'

Statutes

Anno vicefimo Ed ward i III.

24.6 C, 1.

A. D. 1346.

Statutes made at Weflminfter, 7 Maii, Anno 20 Edw. III. and Anno

Dom. '1346.

EDWARD by the Grace of God, JsY. to the Sheriff of Stafford, Greeting. Becaufe that by divers Complaints made to us we have “ perceived that the Law of the Land, which we by “ our Oath are bound to maintain, is the lefs well “ kept and the Execution of the fame difturbed many 1 imes by Maintenance and Procurement, as well in “ the Court as in the Country ; (2) we greatly moved “ of Confcience in this Matter, and for this Caufe de-“ firing as much for the Pleafure of God, and Eafe “ and Quietnefs of our Subjects, as to fave our Con-“ fcience, and for to fave and keep our faid Oath, by “ the AlTent of the Great Men and other Wife Men of “ our Council, we have ordained thefe Things fol-“ lowing.”

Cotton MS. Nero, C. 1.

EDWARD &c. Salutz pur ceo qe per plu-fours pleintz ent faitz a nous. Nous avoms entenduz qe la ley de noftre terre quelenous fumus tenuz per fcrement de meintenir eft meyns bien garde & lexecution dicelle deftourbe plufours foitz per maintenaunce & procurement ftbien en Court come en pays per plufours maners Nouz moeves graundement de confcience de cefte matiere & per celle caufe defirantz tant pur plefaunce de •Dicu & eafe & quiete de noz fubgitz come pur fauver noftre confcience & pur fauver & garder noftre ferement avauntdit per laflent dez graundz & autres fagez de noftre counfeil.

• ' ■	C	A	P.	I.

The Juftices of both Benches, Aflife, &c. fhall do Right to all Men, take no Fee but of the King, nor give Counfel where the King is Party.

(

3 Inft. 146. Juftices fhall do Right to all 4 Perfons without 4 Regard of Let- 4 ters,	4

4

4

t

<

4

a

c

€

Shall certify all 4 illegal Com- < mandmcnts:	c

Shall take no 4 Fee of any, but < of the King 5	4

nor give Counfel where the King is Party : 4 Their Fees in- « creafcd.	4

Regift. i26. c 2. Ed. 3. c. 2. Enforced by C JiR.a. c. 10.	4

FIrft, We have commanded all our Juftices, That they fhall from henceforth do equal Law and Execution of Right to all our Subjects, Rich and Poor, without having Regard to any Perfon, and without omitting to do Right for any Letters or Commandment which may come to them from us, or from any other, or by any other Caufe. (z) And if that any Letters,. Writs, or Commandments come to the Juftices, or to other deputed to do Law and Right according to the Ufage of the Realm, in Dif-turbance of the Law, or of the Execution of the fame, or of Right to the Parties, the Juftices and other aforefaid fhall proceed and hold their Courts and Proceffes where the Pleas and Matters be depending before them, as if no fuch Letters, Writs, or Commandments were come to them ; and they fhall certify us and our Council of fuch Commandments which be contrary to the Law, as afore is faid. (3) And to the Intent that our Juftices fhould do even Right to all People in the Manner aforefaid, without more Favour fhewing to one than to another, we have ordained and caufcd our faid Juftices to be fworn, That they fhall not from henceforth, as long as they fhall be in the Office of Juftice, take Fee nor Robe of any Man, but of ourfelf, and that they fhall take no Gift nor Reward by themfelves, nor by other, privily nor apertly, of any Man that hath to do before them by any Way, except Meat and Drink, and that of fniall Value ; (4) and that they fhall give no Counfel to great Man or final], in cafe where we be Party, of which do or may touch us in any Point, upon Pain to be at our Will, Body, Lands, and Goods, to do thereof as fhall pleafe us, in cafe they do contrary. (5) And for this Caufe we have in-creafed the Fees of the fame our Juftices in fuch Manner, as it ought reafonably to fuffice them.’

SI avoms ordeigne & commaunde expreflement as toutz nouz Juftices qils facent defore owel ley & execution de droit as toutz noz fubjetz richez & povrez faunz aver regard de null perfon & faunz lefter de faire droit pur null letrez ou maundementz qe lour purrount venir de nous ou de null autre ou pur autre caufe qeconqz Sc en cas qe afeuns letrez briefs ou maundementz viegnent as lez Juftices ou as autres deputeez de faire ley & droit folonqez lez ufagez de noftre Roialme en deftourbaunce de la ley ou de execution dicelle ou de droit faire as partiez lez ditz Juftices & autres fuifditz aillent avaunt & tiegnent lour courts Sc lour precede Sc ou lour plees &bufoignez font pendantz devaunt eux come fi nuls tielx letrez briefs ou maundementz ne fuiffent venus Sc certifient nous e noftre confcil de tielx maundements qe fount con-trariez a la ley come defuis eft dit. Et au fyn qe noz ditz Juftices facent owell droit as toutz gentz en manere defuis dit faunz pluis de favour faire a lune partie qe al autre Si avoms ordeigne Sc faire jurrer noz Juftices qils ne prendront defore tant come ils ferrount en Office de Juftice fee ne robe de nulluy finoun de nous mefmez & qils ne pren-drount aon ne regard per eux ne per autres en prive nen appiert de null ho'mme qe avera affaire devaunt eux per queconqe voie fil ne foit mangierou boier Sc ceo de petit value & qils ne dorront coun-feill a null graund ou petit en cas ou nous fumus partiez ou qe nous touche ou purra toufcheren null manere fur peyn deftre a noftre volunte du corps terrez Si avoir pur faire ent ceo qe nous plerra en cas qils facent la contrarie Et pur cell caufe fi a-voms fait encrefcer lez feez-de noz Juftices per del manere qe lour doit refonablcment fuffire.

CAP.

A. D. 1346,,

Anno vicefimo Edward 1 III.

CAP. II.

C. 2——5*	247

Barons of the Exchequer fhall do Right to all Men without Delay.

Cotton MS.

EN mefme la manere avoms ordeigne en droit dez Barou'n^ de noftre Efchequer et les avoms fait expreflement charger en nolire prefence qils fa-cent droit et reafon as toutz gentz graundz et pe-' titz et qils facentdeliverer le poeple reafonablement et faunz delay dez bufoignez qils averount affaire devaunt eux faunz eftre tariez nounduement ficome ad efte fait en temps paffe.

‘ TN the fame Manner we have ordained in the Right 4 X of the Barons of the Exchequer, and we have 4 exprefly charged them in our Prefence, That they

*	fhall do Right and Reafon to all our Subjects great 4 and final] j (z) and that they fhall deliver the reo-

*	pie reafonably and without delay of the Bufinefs ‘ which they have to do before them, without undue 4 tarrying as hath been done in Times paft.’

115.

CAP. III.

Juftices of Gaol-delivery, and their AfTociates, fhall take an Oath.

ITEM nous avoms ordeigne qe toutz qe fer-rount aflignez Juftices dafiifes prendre en pays St Gaolez deliverer & ceux qe ferrount affociez a :ux facent primerement autiel ferement en noftre Jhauncellerie devaunt qe commiflion lour foit de-

ivere.

ITEM, We have ordained, That all they which Ed. i.c.j, fhall be Juftices afligned by Commiflion to hear and determine, and fuch as fhall be affociated to them, and alfo Juftices of Aflifes to be taken in the	c	z

Country, and of Gaol-delivery, and fuch as fhall be-a„</33.H.8.c.24. afligned and affociated to them, fhall make firft an Oath in certain Points, according as to them fhall be ByxtGeo.i.c.z’j^. enjoined by. our Council in our Chancery, before that °f Gaol~ any Commiflion be to them delivered.’	Delivery	may	as

J	771	their	civn

Counties*.

CAP. IV.

None fhall maintain any Quarrels but their own.

|TEM nous avoms commaiindez Sc defenduz 1 tout ouftrement qe nuil de noftre hoftiel ne de eux qe fount devers nous '& noftre trefchiere com-raigne la Roigne ou noftre fitz le Prince de Gales m devers noz Courtz ou Prelatz Countz Barouns mutres graundz ne petiz uela terre de quele eftate iu condition qils foient ne preignent cjuerels en nayns autres qe lour proprez ne lez mainteignent ier eux ne per autres en privee nen appiert pur don iromefle .amifle favour ou hayne ne pur null autre :aule en deftourbance de la ley ou arreriffement de Iroit fur payne fuifdit einz, qe chefcune hornme >urra eftre frank de fon droit i'uere & defendre en ioz Courtz & aillours folonqe la ley. Et ft avoms ntierment commaunde a noftre dit fitz le Prince e as diverfez Counteez.St autres graundez efteantz levers nous qils facent gardier de lour partie ceft irdeignaunce faunz defaulte & qils ne fuffrent null je fount devers eux riens faire ou attempter coun-re mefme lordeignaunce per qeconqe voie. tat. 3. c, 11.	33^.1-flat, 3.	1	Ed,	3.	flat. 2. c. 14.	4	2iW.	3

ITEM, We have commanded and utterly defended, 15H.7. f.2.

That none of our Houfe, nor of them that be Regift. iSsuiSo, about us, nor other, which be towards our dear beloved Companion the Queen, or our Son Prince of Wales, or towards our Courts, nor Prelates, Earls,

Barons, nor other great nor fmall of the Land, of

what.Eftate or Condition they be, fhall not take in

Hand Quarrels other than their own, nor the fame

maintain by them nor by other, privily nor apertly,

for Gift,vPromife, Amity, Favour, Doubt, nor Fear,-

nor for none other Caufe, in Difturbance of Law and

Hindrance of Right, upon the Pains aforefaid 3 but

that every Man may be free to fue for and defend his-

Right in our Courts and ejfewhere, according to the

Law. (z) And we have ftraitly commanded our faid-

Son, and divers Earls and other great Men, being

before us, that they on'their Behalf fhall do-to be p,aft. ji9j 4-7,.

kept this Ordinance without Default, and that they &c.

fuller none which be towards them to attempt againft 3 Ed- i-c- zSGf'

this Ordinance by anyWay.’	zi.iiEd.i.jlat..

’	’	’	1. f-4g. *8Ed.x..

11. Enforced by I R. 2. c. 4. and 32 if..8. c. 9. vibicb injliEi Penalties on Maintenance

C A P. V.,

Lords and Great Men fhall put thofe out of their. Services, which be Maintainers of Quarrels;

!T EM pur ceo qe nous fumus enformez qc plu-fours mefnours & maintenours dez querelx & lartiez en pays fount maintenuz- & covertz pur ieignurs per ont ils fount le pluis efbaudez de me-prendre& per procurement covine et maintenaunce |lez tielx menours en pays foient plulours gentz lefheritez & afeuns delaiez & deftourbez en- lour Iroit & afeuns. nient coupablez conviftz & conr empnez ou autrement. ^oppreflez en defefaunce de our eftate et en nolorie dci.lruction & opprefljon de

TEM, Becaufe we be informed, that many Bearers and Maintainers of Quarrels and Parties in-“ the Country, be maintained and borne by Lords,, 4t whereby they be the more encouraged to offend, and “ by Procurement covine and maintenance of fuch “ Bearers in the Country many People be diiheriied, “ and fome delayed and difturbed of their Right, and “ fome not. guilty convict and condemned or otherwife “ opprefied, in the undoing of their Eftate,.and in “ the notorious Deftrudtion of our People:” 4 We-

t liavc

248 rC. 6.	Anno	viceiimo	Edwardi III.	A.	D.	1346.

‘ have commanded and do command, That all the 4 Great Men from henceforth Ihall void from their Re--4 tinueFees and Robes all fuch Bearers and Maintain-‘ ers in the Country, without ftiewing to them any 4 Aid, Favour, or Comfort in any Manner. And ‘ moreover we have ordained to do come before Us at 4 a certain Day, or before them whom wfe fhall depute ‘ of our Counfel, fuch Bearers and Maintainers of di-4 vers Counties, and them do to be diligently examined 4 and charged, that they from henceforth void them of 4 fuch Maintenances or other Procurements making in Sk the References. ‘ the Country in Damage of our People; and that * uPon grievous Pains, which to them fhall be fhewed.’

Cotton MS. noftre poeple ft avoms eommaunde & commaun-doms qe toutz lez graundez ouftent defore en a-vaunt de lour retenuz- feez & robez toutz tielx mefno'urs & maintenours en pays faunz null favour eide ou comfort faire a eux defore en qeconqe manere Et ouftre ceonous avoms. ogj eigne de faire venir a certein jour devaunt nous o.q ceux qe nous dep'uterons de noftre Counfeil tielx menours &main-tenours dez diverfez Counteez & de Jez faire examiner et charger alfiduelment qils fe ouftent defore dez tielx mair.tenauncez et procurementz faire en pays en damage de noftre poeple. et ceo fur gre-Voufez peynez qe lour ferrount monftrez.

CAP. VI.

"Juftices of Afftfe fhall enquire of and punifh the Mifdemeanour.of Officers and other Offenders.

4 |TEM, We will and have ordained, That the Ju-4 1 ftices affigned to take Alfifes fhall have Com-•1 millions fufficient to inquire in their Seffions of She-4 rifts, Efcheators, Bailiffs of Franchifcs, and their •4 Under Minifters, and alfo of Maintainors, common 4 Embraceors, and Jurors in the Country, and of the 4 Gifts, Rewards, and other Profits, which the faid 1 Minifters do take of the People to execute their Of-4 fice, and that which pertaineth to their Office, and. 4 for making the Array of Pannels, putting in the -4 fame fufpeif Jurors, and of evil Fame, and of that 4 Maintainors, Embraceors, and Jurors do take Gifts 4 and Rewards of the Parties, , whereby Lofl'es and Da-4 .mages do very grievoufly come daily to the People, in 4 Subverfion of the Law, and Difturbance of common 4 Right, and to punifh all them which thereof fhall be 4 found guilty, according as Law and Reafon requi-4 reth, as well at our Suit as at the Parties, (z) And 4 thereupon we have charged our Chancellor and Trea-4 furer to hear the Complaints of all them which will 4 complain, and to ordain that fpeedy Remedy beihere-4 of made. (3) Wherefore we do command, That 4 thou do caufe the faid Points and Ordinances afore-* .-Not in Orig. 4 faid openly to be publifhed * and Jhewcd at.-fuch Pla-4 ces within thy Bailiwick as thou Jhalt think rood, to the 4 end that they which feel them grieved in the Form afore-4 Jaid, may purfue for Remedy according to the Jaid Or-4 dinance, and that our People may perceive our intent and 4 I kill in this Behalf, and the Dejire that we have, that 4 even Right may he done to all our Subjects, as well Poor -Regift. i$6.	4	as Rich, and that the Offenders be refrained and pu-

4 Ed. 3. c. 2.	c	nijhed. Dated at Wejbninjler the Seventh Day of

s aEd'i c	4	March, the Year of our Reign of England the Twen-

■wbat Pcrfim'	4	tieth, and of France the Seventh.’

Jhall be returned

cn Juries.	--------------------------------——— _____________________

ITEM voloms et avoms ordergne qe lez Juftices as aflifez prendre aflignez eient fufficeant Corn-million denquere en lour Officez dez Vifc’ Efche-tours Baillifs dez Fraunehifez et leur South-Mini-ftrez et auxint dez maintenours comunes alfifours et Jurrours en paiis fur dez douns regardez et au-tres profitz qe lez ditz Miniftrez pernent du poeple pur lour officez et de ceo qe atteint a lour office et pur larraie dez panelles mettantz en icelles Jurrours fufpe&z- et de male fame et de ceo qe lez maintenours alfifours et Jurrours pernent douns regardes, et lowers dez partiez dount perdez et damages trop grevoufez avieignent a poeple de jour en autre en fubverfion de la ley et deftourbance de commune droit et de punir toutz ceux qe ent ferrount trovez coupablez folonqe ceo qe la reafon de-mande a la fuite fibien de Roi come de partie Et fur ceo avoms charge noz Chaunceller et Treforer doier lez pleintz dez toutz ceux qe pleindre fe vou-dront et de ordiner qe haftive droit et remedie ent foit fait pur quoy vous mandoms qe lez pointz et ordeignauncez fuifditz facez overtement monftrer et publier &c, Don &c.

‘The Statute of Labourers^ made 23 Edw. III. and Anno Dom. 1349.

The ftrft five .Chapter are repealed by 5 Eli*, c. 4.

£5?ThisStatutef TV DWARD by the Grace of God, &c. to the hfcU, ccutd 44 jn Reverend Father in Chrift, IVilliam, by the 44	lame Grace Archbifhop of Canterbury, Pri-

44 mate of all England, Greeting. Becaufe a great Part 44 of the People, and efpecially of Workmen and Ser-44 vants, late died of the Peltilence, many feeing the 44 Neceffity of Mafters, and great Scarcity of Servants, 44 will not ferve unlefs they may receive excelfive Wa-

net be trade in this Tear«

.O

MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV. /	'

UIA magna pars populi et maxiine opera-riorum et fervientium nuper in peftilentia ^ nioriebaiur, nonnulh videntes necelfitatem Dominorum et paucitatem fervientium, fervire no-luerunt,- nifi falaria recipient excelfiva; et alii mendienre malentes in otio quam per laborem per-quirere vieftum fuum DominusRex attendens qut gravia exigentia prefertim cultorum et operariormr '	1	hujufmod

C. 1—5.

249-

A. D. 1349. Anno vicefimo tertio Edwardi Ilf.

MS. Reg,

hujufmodi provenire portent ineomoda, fuper hoc cum Prelatis iiohilibuset pcritis et aliis fibi affiften-tibus Dcliberationem habuir et tradlatum; de quorum Unanimi coniilioordinavit.

“ ges, (1) and Come rather willing to beg in Idlenefs, “ than by Labour to get their Living; we, confidering “ the grievous Incommoditiesj which of the lack efpe-“ cially of Ploughmen and fuch Labourers may here-cc after come, have upon Deliberation and Treaty with “ the Prelates and the Nobles, and Learned Men afiift-“ ingus, of their mutual Counfel ordained:”

CAP. I.

Every Perfon able in Body under the Age of fixty Years, not having to live on, being required, fhall be bound to ferve him that doth require him, or elfe committed to the Gaol, until he find Surety to ferve.

0UOD quilibet homo & femina regni fui Anglie, cujufeunque conditionis fuerit, liberalis vel fervilis, po-tens in corpore & infra etatem fexaginta Annorum, non vivens de mercatura, nec certum habens arti-ficium, nec habens de fuo proprio unde vivere poffit, vel terrain propriam, circa cujus culturam fe poterit occupare, & alteri non ferviens, ft de ferviendo in fervitio congruo ftatui fuo fuerit requifitus, fervire tenea-tur illi qui ipfum fic duxerit requirendum ; & percipiat dumtaxat vadia liberationes mercedes feu falaria, que in locis ubi fervire debeat confueta funt preftari anno dicti regni Anglie vicefimo, vel annis communibus quinque vel fex proximo preccdentibus. Provifo tamen quod Domini preferantur aliis in nativis fuis feu terram fuam nativam tenentibus fic in fervitio fuo retinendis ; ita tamen quod hujufmodi Domini fic retineant tot quot fibi fuerint neceflarii,. & non plures. Et ft talis vir vel mulier de fic ferviendo requifitus vel requifita hoc facere noluerint, hoc probato per duos fideles homines coram Vicecomite Ballivo Domino aut Confta-bulario Ville ubi hoc fieri contigerit, ftatim per eos vel eorum aliquem capiatur & mittatur proxime Gaole, & ibi fub certa cuftodia morctur quoufquc fccuritatem invenerit, de ferviendo in forma predidta.

CAP. II.

*

If a Workman or Servant depart from Service before the Time agreed upon, he fhall be im-

priloned.

)]

ET fi mefior falcator aut alius operarius vel Serviens, cujufeunque flatus vel conditionis fuerit, in fer-f vitio alicujus retentus, ante finem termini concordati a didto fervitio fine caufa rationabili vel licen-tia receflerit; penam imprifonamenti fubeat, & nullus fub eadem pena talem in fervitio fuo recipere vel re-tinere prefumat.

CAP. III.

The old Wages, and no more, fhall be given to Servants.

ULLUS etiam vadia liberationes mercedes feu falaria majora folito ficut predi£tum _efl alicui fervi-enti folvat vel-folvere promittat, aut capiat, nec aliquis alio modo ea exigat velrecipiat; fub pena duplicis illius quod fic folutum vel promiffum fuerit, aut exadtum vel receptum, illi qui ex hoc fe fenferit gravatum, & nullo tali volente profequi, tunc cuicumque de populo qui hoc profecutus fuerit applicando, ic hat hujufmodi profecutio in Curia Domini loci ubi talis cafus accidcrit.

CAP. IV.

If the Lord of a Town or Manor do offend againft this Statute in any Point, he fhall forfeit

the treble Value.

T? T fi Domini villarum vel Maneriorum contra prefentes ordinationes per fe vel Miniftros fuos in aliquo Tb, venire prefumpferint, tunc in Comitatibus Wapentachiis & Trithingis, vel aliquibus aliis Curiis ipiius Regis hujufmodi, ad penam tripli per eos vel Miniflros fuos fic foluti vel promifli in forma predicta fiat profecutio.contra eos vel Miniftros fuos in forma predidta. Et fi aliquis forfan ante prefentem ordinatio-nem cum aliquo de fic ferviendo pro majori falario convenerit, non teneatur ipfe ratione dicte conventio-nis ad folVendum ultra id quod alias tali confuetum eft lblvere, imo folvere plus fub pena predifta non pre-fumat.

CAP. V.

Jf any Artificer or Workman take more Wages than were wont to be paid, he fhall be committed to the Gaol.

ITEM fellarii pellutarii Allutarii Sutores Scirtores-Fabri Carpentarii Cementarii Tegularii Batellarii & Care£tarii & quicumque alii artifices <k operarii non capiant pro labore St artificio fuo ultra id quod di&o V01.1.	Kk	Anno

1

MS. Reg.

Anno Vicefimo & aliis Ann:s communibus precedentibus ut premittitur, in locis quibus eos operari conti-gerit, talibus folvi confuevit. Et fi quis plus receperit gaole proxime modoquo premittiturcommittatur.

CAP. VI.

Victuals fhall be fold at reafonable Prices.

ITEM, That Butchers, Fifhmongers, Regrators, Hoftelers, Brewers, Bakers, Pulters, and all other Sellers of all Manner of Vidtual, fhall be bound to fell the fame Victual for a reafonable Price, having Refpect to the Price that fuch Victual be fold at in the Places adjoining, fo that the fame Sellers have moderate Gains, and not exceflive, reafonably to be required according to the Diftance of the Place from whence the faid Victuals be carried. (2) And if any fell fuch Victuals in any other Manner, and thereof he convidt in the Manner and Form aforefaid, he fhall pay the Double of the fame that he fo received, to the Party damnified, or, in Default of him, to any other that will purfue in this Behalf. (3) And the Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities, Boroughs, Merchant-Towns, and others, and of the Ports of the Sea, and other Places, fhall have Power to inquire of all and fmgular which fhall in any'Thing offend-the fame, and to levy the faid Pain to the Ufe of ‘ them at whofe Suit fuch Offenders fhall he convidt. ‘ (4) And in cafe that the fame Mayors and Bailiffs be ‘ negligent in doing Execution of the Premiffes, and ‘ thereof be convidt before our Juftices, by us to be ‘ afligned, then the fame Mayors and Bailiffs fhall be * compelled by the fame Juftices to pay the Treble of ‘ the "Thing fo fold to the Party damnified, or to any 13 R. i. flat. 1 c other in Default of him that will purfue; and never-J eg * t^lc^e^s towards us they fhall be grievoufly punifhed.’

25 H. 8. c. 2.

contain farther Regulations with Refpetf? to Victuallers and Victuals*

Mayors and Bdiliu's of Cities ar.d Po-roughs fli211 inquire of Offenders, and punifh them.

ITEM Carnifices PifcenariiHoftellarii Brafiato-res Piftores Pulletarii et omnes alii Venditores Vidtualium quorumeunque teneantur hujufmodi Victualia vendere pro pretio rationabifi, habita; confideratione ad pretium quo hujufmodi Victualia in locis propinquis venduntur, ita quod habeant hujufmodi Venditores Moderatum lucrum et non exceffivum, prout diftantia locorum a quibus Vic-\ tualia hujufmodi carriantur duxerint rationabiiiter \ requirendum. Et fi quis hujufmodi Vidtualia alio modo vendiderit, et inde in forma predidta convic-! tus fuerit, folvat Duplum illius quod fie recepit dampnificato, et in defedtu illius alteri qui profe-qui voluerit in hac parte; et habeant poteftat m j Majores et Baliivi Civitatum et Burgorum Villa-| rum Mercatoriarum et aliarum ac portuum et loco-rum maritimorum, ad inquirendum de omnibus et fmgulis qui contra hoc in aliauo deliquerint, et ad penam predidtam ad opus lllorum ad quorum fedtam hujufmodi Delinquentes cqnvidti fuerint levandam. Et in cafu quo iidem Major et Baliivi executionem premifforum facere neglexe-rint, et de hoc coram Juftitiariis per ipfum Regem affignatis convidti fuerint, tunc iidem'Major et Baliivi ad triplum rei fie vendite hujufmodi dampnificato, vel alteri in defedtu illius profe-quenti, fol-vendum, per eofdem Juftitiarios com-, pellantur, et nichilominus quod verfus ipfum Re? gem puuiantur.

CAP. VII.

Hcrealed by 1 Ed. 6 c. 3, & 21 Jac. 1. c. 28.

No Perfon fhall give any Thing to a Beggar, that is able to labour.

ET quia multi validi.mendicantes, qui diu poflint ex mendicatis elemofinis vivere, laborare renuunt, va-/ cando otiis & peccatis, quandoque latrociniis & aliis flagitiis; nullus fub pena imprifonamenti predidta talibus qui commode laborare poterunt fub colore pietatis vel elemofine quicquam dare feu eos in defidia fua confovere prefumat, ut fie compellantur pro vite neceffariis laborare. Per quod idem Rex xviii die Julii Anno Regni fui vicefimo (ertio fingulis Vicecomitibus Anglie perbrevia fua precepit, quod premiffa omnia & fingula in Civitatibus Burgis & Villis mercatoriis Portubus maris & aliis locis in ballivis fuis Ubi expediri viderint publice proclamari & teneri, & executionem inde debitam fieri facerent, ficut predidtumeft.

CAP. VIII.

He that taketh more Wages than is accuftomably given, fhall pay the Surplufage to the Town where he dwclleth, towards a Payment to the King of a Tenth and Fifteenth granted to him.

EXP.	QUbfequentia idem Dominus Rex cx populari conqueftione accipiens ipfum populum propter hujufmodi

Rigid. :?f).	O exceffiva ftipendia liberationes & pretia, que Servitoribus operariis & artificibus coadte folvebantur,

taliter deprimi quod decima & quintadccima ipfum populum contingcntes folvi non poterant, nifi aliud re-medium provideretur advertenfque coadtiones hujufmodi et extortiones fore manifeftas, & quod non fuit r.liquis qui contra talcs delinquentes profequebatur ; ad didtum commodum fie ordinatum obtinendum, per quod equaliter confoncbat, ut quod ufibus fingularibus fic ordinatum fuerit applicandum, ipfis non profe-quentibus nec profequi voientibus, in publicum commodum verteretur, ex deliberatione conlilii fui adjicien-dum duxit ordinando, quod omnes & fingulioperarii fervitores et artifices tarn viri quam femine, cujufcunque videlicet flatus aut conditionis fuerint, plus pro laboribus fervitiis & artificiis fuis quam Anno xx~ & aliis Annis fupradidtis folcbant percipere capicntes, ad totam illam fummam quam ultra receperint cum aliis fummis, tarn pro tempore tunc preterito quo ftipendia liberationes Salaria & pretia augmentata fuerint quam pro tempore futuro affidcrentur, que tota ipfa fumma ultra fic recepta a fingulis eorundem levaretur et col-4	ligeretur

A. D. 1349.

Anno vicefimo tertio Edwardi III,



C. 8.

Reg. MS.

ligeretur ad opus Regis, in alleviatione fingularum Villarutn unde didti artifices Servitores Sc operarii fuerint ct in auxilium folutionis fummarum ad quas eedem Ville feu homines earum ad decimam & quintodeci-mam tunc adhuc currentes fuerint affeffi. Ita femper quod finitis decima & quintodccima tota ilia pecunia pretia & liberationes five valores liberationum earundem que ultra ut premittitur ex tunc perciperent & reci-perent ab eis et eorum fingulis ad opus Regis, in fubventionem & fubportationem omnis Rcgni Anglie, per illos quos ad hoc duceret Rex' aflignandos levarentur & colligerentur : et illi qui forfan propter hoc renuerint defervire, vel fummas per eos fic ultra receptas & fuper eos affeffas folvere & artificia fua & opera fua exercere, llatim per taxatores & colledftores decime & quintodecime predidtarum, vel eorum aliqucm, feu alios per illos vel eorum aliquem in fingulis Villis ad premifl’a exequenda deputandos, vel per Ballivos locorum feu Conftabularios Villarutn, cum de hoc conflare contigerit, areftati carceri committentur, iti eo-dem detinendi, quoufque ad ferviendum fecuritatem preftiterint, Sc folverint hoc quod fic ultra reciperint juxta enfdem ordinationes, vel donee'Rex aliud inde duxerit demandandum.

Et femper intgntionis extitit Regis & confilii fui, quod fecundun didtam primam ordinationem liceret & liceat cuilibet contra excedentes eandem vel ci non parentes profequi, et applicare fuo ufui quod per ipfani conceditur profequenti. Et ideo mandat Dominus Rex Arcbiepifcopis et Epifcopis, quodpremijfa in fingulis loch dioccfium fuarum quibufeunque faciant publican : mandantes redloribus et aliis fubdiocsJams, quod paroebianos fuos ad laborandmn juxta temporis necejfitatem folerter injungant; acetiam capellanos ftipendiarios diSie fine dioeefis, qui jam diu excejfive capiunt, et nolunt ut dicitur pro falario compctenti compefcantur, ad ferviendum pro conjueto falario prout expedit fub pena fufpenfionis et interdiSli compellentes. Et hoc, ficut Nos et communem utilitatcm Rcgni nqfiri di/igitis, nulldtenus omittatis, T. Sic. die ct anno fupraditiis.

Statuta in Parliamento tento apud Weflm’ in 0£tabis Purilicationis beate Marie Virginis Anno Regni Domini Edwardi Regis Anglie & Francie Anglie videlicet viceiimo quinto Regni vero fui Francie duodecimo.

A Statute of Labourers, tnade Anno

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 18.

COME nadgairs contre la malice de fervantz queux furent pareiffoufes et riient voillantz lervir apres la peftilence fanz trop outrage-oufes lowers prendre feut ordine par noftre Seignur le Roi et par affent des Prelatz Nobles et autres de fon confeil qe tieux matters de fervantz fibien hommes come femmes fuffent tenuz de fervir re-ceyvantz falaries et gages accuftumez es lieus 011 ils deveront fervir lan du regne le dit noftre Seignur le Roi vintifme ou cynk ou fis annz devant et qe mefmes les fervantz refufantz fervir par autiele ma-nere fuilfent punys par emprifonement de lour corps ftcome en mefme lordenance eft contenuz plus au playn fur quoi commiffions furent fades as diverfes gentz en ebefeun counte denquere et punir'touz ceux qi veniflent au contraire. Et ja par tant qe done eft entendre a noftre dit Seignur le Roi en ■ceft prefent parlement par la petition de la commune qe les ditz fervantz nient eiantz regard a la dite ordenance mes a lour efes et fingulcres cove-tifes fe retreent de fervir as grantz ou as autres fils neyent livercfons et lowers au dubie ou treble de ceo qils foloient prendre le di: an vintifme et devant a grant damage des grantz et empoverifement des touz ceux de la dite communalte dont il eftoit prie par mefme la communalte de remedie par qupi en mefme le parlement par affent des Frclatz Countes Barons et autres grantz et de la dite communalte illoqes aflemblez pur refreyndre la malice dcs ditz fervantz font ordenes et eftables les chofes fuzc-feriptz ceft affavoir.

25 Edw, III. St at. i. and A. D. 1350.

“ II 7 HERE AS late againft the Malice of Ser-“ wy vants, which were idle, and not willing to “	*	’	ferve after the Peftilence,. without taking

“ exceftive Wages, it was ordained by our Lord the “ King, and by Affent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, “ and other of his Council, That fuch Manner of Ser-“ vants, as well Men as Women, fhould be bound to “ ferve, receiving Salary and Wages, accuftomed in “ Places v/here they ought to ferve in the Twentieth “ Year of the Reign cf the King that now is, or five “ or fix Years before ; and that- the fame Servants re-“ fufing to ferve in fuch Manner fhould be punilhed “ by Imprifonment of their Bodies, as in the faid Sta-“ tute is more plainly contaijied ; (2) whereupon “ Commiffions were made to divers People in every “ County to enquire and puriifh all them which offend “ againft the fame. (3) And now forafmuch as it is “ given the King to underft&'nd in this'prefent Parlia-“ menq by the Petition of the Commonalty, that the “ faid Servants having no Regard to the faid Ord’i-nance, but to their Eafe and fingular Covetife, do “ withdraw themfelves to ferve Great Men and other, “ unlefs they have Livery and Wages to the double or “ treble of that they were wont to take the faid “ Twentieth Year, and before, to the gfeat Damage “ of the Great Men, and impoverifhing of all the ‘£ faid Commonalty, whereof the faid Commonalty “ prayeth Remedy: (4) Wherefore in the lame Par-“ liament, by the Affent of the faid prelates, Earls, “ Barons, and other Great Men of the fame Com-“ monalty there aftcmbled, to refrain the Malice of “ the faid Servants, be ordained and eftabliffied the Things under-written.”

.K k 2

C A P.

25-2

RppralH by 5 Eliz. c. 4,

Rep. 5 El. c Regift. 189.

Rep. 5 El. c.

Ren. 5 El.'c, & 1 fac. J. c. OB',

Rep. 5 El. c

Stat. r.	Anno	vicefimo quinto Edw.ardi III. A. D. 1350.

c A P. I.	;

The Year and Day’s Wages of Servants and Labourers in Hufbandry.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

OEehefcun c’naretter caruer chaceour des carues bercher porcher deye & touz autres fervantz preignent liverefons & lowers accuftumez le dit an vintifme Si quatre annz devant iffint qen pays ou furment foleit eftre done preignent pur le buffel xd. ou furment ala volunte le doneur tanqe autrement foit ordeigne et qils foient allowes de fervir par lan entier ou autres termes ufuels & nemye par journes. Et qe nul preigne en temps de farcler ou feyns faire forqe id. le jour & fauchours des preez purlacre vd. ou par la journe v d. & feiours des blees en la primere fymaigne dAuft ii d. Sc en la feconde iii d. & illint tanqe au fin dAuft Sc meyns en pays ou meyns foleit eftre done faunz mangier ou autre curtoyfie demander doner ou prendre Sc qe tieux overours portent overtement en lour meyns as villes marchantz lour inftrumentz & il-loeqes foient alowes en lieu commune St nemye prive.

CAP. II.

.4. How much lhall be given for threlhing all Sorts of Corn by the Quarter. None fhall depart

from the Town in Summer where he dwelt in Winter.

T TEM qe nul preigne pur le batre de un quarter de furment ou fegle outre iid. ob. Sc pur le quarter j. dorge feves poys Staveynesid. ob. fi tant foleit eftre done. Et en pays ou Tiomme foleit feier pur certeyns garbes & batre pur certeyns bufleux ne preigne plus nen autre manere qil foleit le dit an vintifme Sc devant. Et qe rnefmes les fervantz foient fermentez deuxfcitz par an devant feignurs fenefchals baillifs& coneftables de chsfcune ville a cefte chofe tenir & faire et qe nul de eux irra hors de la ville ou il demorte en yver pur fervir en eftee fil puiffe avoir fervice en mefme la ville parnant come devant eft dit. Sauve qe les »entz des countez de Stafford Lancaftre Sc Derby Sc gentz de Craven Si de la marche de Gales Si dEfcoce Si autres lieux puiffent venir en temps dAuft de laborer en autres countes Sc falvement retournir come ils foloient faire avant fes heurs. Et qe ceux qe refufent de faire tiel ferement ou par-fourner ceo qi's ount jures ou empris foient mys en ceppes par les ditz feignurs fenefehaux baillifs & coneftables des villes par trois jours ou pluis ou mandez a la profeheyn gaole a demorer illoeques tanque ils fe-voilknt jufticer Si qe ceppes foient faitz en chefcune ville pur celle enchefon entre cy &la Pentecoft.

CAP. III.

The Wages of feveral Sorts.of Artificers and Labourers.

ITEM qe carpenters mafons teglers Si autres coverours des mefons ne preignent le jour pur lour ove-rcygite forfq.e en manere come ils foloient ceft affaver meftre carpenter iii d. Sc autre iid. meftre rna-fon de Tranche peer iv d. Sc autre mafon iiid. & lour fervantz id. ob. teguler iii d. & fon garceon id. ob. Si autre ccverour de ros Sc eftreyin iii d. & fon garceon i d. ob. Item plaftrers St autres o'verours des mures darzill & lour garceons par mefme la nianer faunz mangier ou boire ceft affavoir de la Pafch tanqe a la Seynt Michel Si de cel temps meyns folonc lafferant Sc difcretion des Juftices qi ferront a ce affignez. Et qe ceux qe fount cariage par terre ou par ewe ne preignent pluis pur tiel cariage faire qils ne foloient le dit an vintifme Si quatre annz devant.

CAP. IV.

Shoes, &V. fhall be fold as in the 20th Year of K. Edzvard the 3d. Artificers fworn to ufe their Crafts as they did in the 20th Year of the fame King.

8> |TEM qe cornoifers ne fuours ne vendent botes foulers nautre chofe touenant lour mifter par autre ma-22. J. nere qils ne fokint le dit an vintifme. Et qe orfeures fellers ferrours des chivaux efpernovers tannours correours pelletres taillours Si touz autres overours artificiers & laborers & touz autres fervantz nient efpeci-fitz foient fermentez devant les dites Juftices de faire Si ufer lour artes & offices en manere come ils fefoient le dit an vintifme Sc en temps devant fanz les refufer pur caufe de cefte ordinance. Et fi nul des ditz fervantz laborers oeverours ou artificers apres tiel ferment fait viegne encontre celle ordinance foit puny par fyn ranceon Sc emprifonement felonc la difcretion des dites Juftices.

CAP. V.

The feverai Punifhments of Perfons offending againft this Statute.

*	O	D

, T TEM qe les ditz fenefehalx baillifs Si coneftables des dites villes foient fermentez devant meifmes les i Juftices denquerc diligeaument par totes les bones voles qils purront de touz ceux qi vendront contre cefte ordinance Si de certifier .meifmes les Juftices de lour nouns a totes les foitz qils vendront en pays pur faire lour feffions iffint qe les dites Juftices ewe certification de meifme les fenefehalx baillifs Si coneftables des nouns de rebeaux les facent attacher par lour corps deftre devant meifmes les Juftices a refpondre des tielx contemptz iffint qils facent fyn Si ranceon au Roi en cas qils foient atteintz Si outre foient commanded

3	a	la

Stat,. i

253

A. D. 1350. Anno viceflmo quinto Edwardi 111/

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

a la prifone a y demorer tanqils averont trove fe-urete de fervir & prendre tz lour overeignes faire & chofes vendables venclre en la manere avant-dite. Et en cas qe nul de eux viegne'contre fon ferement & de ceo foit atteint eit la prifone de xl jours & ft autrefoitz il foit convidi elt la prifone dun quarter del an iffint qe a chefcun foitz qil trefpas &-foit convidh eit la penance au double. Et qe meifmes les Juftices enquer-gent a chefcune foitz qils vendront des ditz fenefchalx baillifs & coneftables bis eient fait bone & loiale certification ou nule concele pur doun procurement oU afnni'te & les pMnirpar fyn & ranceoun fils foient tro-vez coupables. Et qe meifmes les Juftices eient poair denquere & faire due puniffement des ditz miniftres overours laborers & autres fervantz queconques & auxint des hoftelers herbergers & ceux qi vendont vi-tailles en retaille & autres chofes nient efpecifrez fi bien a la fu-itede partie come par prefentment & doier & terminer & mettre la chofe en execution par Exigend apres le primer Capias ft mefticr foit & de deputer autres foutz eux tantz & tielx come ils verront qe mieltz foit pur la garde de-meifme cefte ordinance. Et qe ceux qi vorront fuir vers tielx fervantz oyerours h laborers pur excefle pris deux & ils foient de ce at-teintza lour fuite qils puiflent reavoir cel excefle £z en cas qe nul voudra fuir pur tiel excefle reavoir adonqes foit leve des ditz fervantz overours laborers et artificers' et livere as coillours de la quinzifme en alleggeaacc des villes ou tiel excclic fut pris.

C A P. VI.

SherifFs, Conftables, Bailiffs, Gaolers, nor other Officers, ffiall exaft any thing of the fame Servants. The Forfeitures of Servants fhall be employed to the Aid of Difmes and Quinzimes granted to the King by the Commons.

ITEM qe vifcontes coneftables baillifs gaolers clercs des Juftices.ou des vifcontes nautres miniftres que- o E.

conqes rienz ne preignent par caufe de lour offices de meifmes les fervantz pur fees fuete de prifone * Bulftr. 33?. net) autre manere. Et fils eient rienz pris en tiele manere qils les facent deliverer as coillours des difme et quinzifme en erde de la communalte pur temps qe les difme et quinzifme courgent auxibien pur tout le temps pafle come pur le temps avenir. Et qe les dites Juftices enquergent en lour feffions ft les ditz miniftres eient rienz reccuz de meifmes les fervantz et ce qils troveront par tiels enqueftes qe les ditz miniftres averont receuz facent meifmes les Juftices lever de chefcun des ditz miniftres et iiverer as ditz coillours cn-femhlement od lexcefles fins et ranceons faitz et auxint les amerciementz de toux ceux qi ferront amerciez levant les ditz Juftices en allegeance des villes come defus eft dit. Et en cas qe lexcefle trove en une ville palTe la quantite de la quinzifme de meifme la ville foit le remenant de tiel excefle leve et paie par les ditz coillours a les plus profeheines villes povres en eide de lour quinzifme par avifement des ditz Juftices et qe les fins raunceons excefles et amerciementz des ditz fervantz et laborers pur temps avenir eurrante la dite

Juinzifme foient liverez as ditz‘coillours en la forme fufdite par endenture affaire entre eux et les ditz-uftices iffint qe meifmes les coillours puiftent eftre chargez fur lour accompt par meifmes les endentures en cas qe les ditz fins raunceons amerciementz et excefles ne foient paiez en eide de la quinzifme avantdite et cefiante meifme la quinzifme foit leve al oeps le Roi et refpondu a lui par le vifeont du countee_

CAP. VII.

The Juftices ffiall hold their Seffions four Times a Year, and at all Times needful. Servants which flee from one Country to another, ftiall be committed to Prifon.

ITEM qe les ditz Juftices facent lour feffions en touz les countees dEngleterre au meins quatre foitz par Altered 2 H. 5.

an cell: aflaver a les feftes del Anunciation de noftre Dame Seinte Margarete Seint Michel et Seint Ni- c. 4. cholas et auxint totes les foitz qil bufoigneia felonc la diferetion des Juftices. Et qe ceux qi parlent en pre- ReP- 5 E1- c- 4-fence des dites Juftices ou autres chofes facent en lour abfence ou prefence en abaudiflement ou meintenance des ditz fervantz & laborers au contraire de cefte ordinance foient grevement punys felonc la diferetion des dites Juftices. Et fi nul des ditz laborers artificers ou fervantz fenfue dun countee tanqe en autre par caufe de cefte ordinance qe les vifcontes des countes ou tiels futives ferront trovez les facent prendre au mande-ment des Juftices des countes dont ils fentuerent & le rnefnent a la chief gaole de meifme cel counte illoeqes a demorer tanqz a la profebeine feffion des meifmes les Juftices & qe les ditz vifeontz retornenf tielx mande-rr.entz devant meifmes les Juftices a lour profeheines feffions & qe cefte ordinance foit tenue h garde fibien-cieinz Id Citee de Londres come en autres citecs & burghs h aillours parmy la terre fibien deinz franchife come dehors.

A Statute

Anno vicefimo quinto Edwardi III. A. D. 1350.

■The King's •Children be inheritable in England, wheresoever they be born.

The Children of o hers born beyond the Sea. .42 Ed. 3. c. 10. Denizen, Br. 14.

l R. f. 4, Dyer 224-Co. Lil. S.

4. Geo. 2. c. 21.

A Statute made Anno 25 Edw. III. Stat. 2. and Anno Dcm. 1350.

of thofe that he born beyond Sea.

In what Place Baltardy pleaded againft him that is born out of the Realm fhall be tried.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 19. OSTRE Seignur’le Roi a foh parlement tenuz a Weflm’ a les Oetaves de la Purification de noflre Dame lan de fon regne dEngleterre vintifme quint & de France doufzifme conliderant les grantz mefehiefs & damages qe font avenuz au pocple de fon Roialme dEngleterre ft-bien pur ce qe les eftatutz devant ces heures orde-nez nount mie efte tenuz & gardez come iis deve-roient come par caufe de la peftilence mortiele qe nadgairs dura & veullant purvoier au quiete k commune profit de fon poeple fur ce remedie co-venable par afTentde Prelatz Countz Barons & au-tres grantz & tote la Communalte de fon dit Roialme au dit parlement fomons ad ordene & eftabli les chofes fouzeferiptes cell afTavoir pur ce qe af-cunes gentz eftoient en awere fi les enfantz neez es parties de dela dehors la ligeance dEngleterre ferroient ables a demander heritage deinz meifme la ligeance ou nemie de quoi petition feuft mis au-trefoitz en parlement tefiuz a Weymonfter lan noflre dit Seignur le Roi dys & feptifme & ne feuft mie a tieu temps en tout afientu noflre dit Seignur le Roi veulliant qe totes doutes & awers feufl'ent ouflez & la lei en ce cas declaree k mis en cer-tein fill charger les Prelatz Countes Barons & au-tres fages de fon confeil aflemblez a ce parlement a faire deliberation fur cel point Les queux dun aflent ount dit qe la lei de la Corone dEngleterre eft et ad efte touz jours tiele qe les enfantz des Rois dEngleterre queu part qils foient neez en Englc-terre ou aillours font ables & deivent porter heritage apres la mort lour aunceflres la quele lei nolire Seignur le Roi les ditz Prelatz Countz Barons k autres grantz & tote la Communalte aflemblez el dit parlement approevent k afferment pur toutz jours. Eten droit des autres enfantz neez hors de la Jigeance dEngleterre en temps noflre dit Seignur le Roi fi font ils uniement acordez qe Henri fitz Johan de Beaumound Elizabeth fill Guy de Bryan & Giles fitz Rauf Daubeneye & autres queux 1c Roi vorra nomer qi nafquirent par dela hors dc la ligeance dEngleterre foient defore ables davoir k enjoier leur heritages apres la mort lour aunceflres totepartz deinz la ligeance dEngleterre fi avant come ceux qi nafquirent deinz meifme la ligeance. Et qe touz les enfantz heriters qi ferront neefe defore dehors la ligeance le Roi des queux enfantz les piere & miere au temps du neflre font k ferront a la foi k de la ligeance du Roi dEngleterre eient & enjoient meifmes les benefice k avantage daver k porter heritage deinz la dite ligeance come let autres heriters avantditz en temps avenir lffint tote.' foitz qe les tnieres de tieux enfantz paffait la meei par conge k voluntc dc lour barons. Et fi allcg-

gcc foit contre nul ticl nee par dela qil eft baflanl -	ci

UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Wejlminjler, at the Utas of the Purification of our Lady, the Year of his Reign 44 of England the Five and twentieth, and of France •4C the Twelfth, confidering the great Mifchiefs and Damages which have happened to the People of his 44 Realm of England, as well becaufe that the Statutes .

ordained before this Time have not been holden “ and kept as they ought to be, as becaufe of the 44 mortal Peftilence that late reigned, and willing to “ provide for the Quietnefs and common Profit of his 44 faid People convenient Remedy;” 4 therefore by 4 the Aflent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and- other 4 great Men, and all the Commons of his faid Realm 4 lummoned to the Parliament, hath ordained and 4 eflablifhed the 1 hings under-written, videlicet, (2)

4 Becaufe that fome People be in Doubt, if the Chil-‘ dren born in the Parts beyond the Sea, out of the 4 Ligeance of England, fhould be able to demand any ‘ Inheritance within the fame Ligeance, or not, where-‘ of a-Petition was put in the Parliament late holden ‘ at Wefiminjier, the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of 4 our Lord the King that now is, and was not at the 4 fame Time wholly affented ; (3) our Lord the King,

4 willing that all Doubts and Ambiguities fhould be 4 put away, and the Law in this Cafe declared and put 4 in a Certainty, hath charged the laid Prelates, Earls,

4 Barons, and other wife Men of his Council, aflem-t bled in this Parliament, to deliberate upon this Point;

4 all which of one Aflent have faid, That the Law of 4 the Crown of England is, and always hath been fuch,

4 that the Children of the Kings of England, in what-4 foever Parts they be horn, in England or elfewhere,

4 be able and ought to bear the Inheritance after the 4 Death of their Aneeftors; which Law our faid Lord 4 the King, the faid Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other 4 great Men, and all the Commons aflembled in this 4 Parliament, do approve and affirm for ever. (4)

4 And in the Right of other Children born out of the 4 Ligeance of England in the Time of our Lord the 4 King, they be of one Mind accorded, that Henry 4 Son of John de Beaumoncl, Elizabeth Daughter of 4 Guy de Bryan, and Giles Soil of Ralph Dawbcny, and 4 other which the King will name, which were born 4 beyond the Sea, out of the Ligeance of England,

‘ fhall be from henceforth able to have and enjoy their 4 Inheritance after the Death of their Aneeftors, in all 4 Parts within the Ligeance of England, as well as thofe 4 that fhould be born within the fame Ligeance. (5) 4 And that all Children Inheritors, which from hence-4 forth fliall be born without the Ligeance of the King, 4 whofe Fathers and Mothers at the Time of their 4 Birth be and fhall be at the Faith and Ligeance of the 4 King of England, fliall have and enjoy the fame Be-4 nefits and Advantages, to have and bear the Inhe-4 rilance within the fame Ligeance, as the other Inhc-4 ritors aforefaid in Time to come ; fo always, that the 4 Mothers of fuch Children do pals the Sea by the Li-4 rence and Wills of their Huibands. (6) And if it 4 bs alledged againft any fuch born beyond the Sea,

Stat. 2

255

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. en cas Ou Levefqe doit avoir coniflance de baftar-die foit maunde a Levefqe du lieu ou la demande eft de certifier la Court le Roi ou le pie ent pende fi come auncienement ad efte ufee en cas de baftar-dic alegge contre ceux qi nafquirent en Engleterre.

‘ that be is a Baftard, in cafe where the Biftiop ought Trial of Ra-‘ to have Cognifance of Baftardy, it fhall be com- ftar.dy pleaded * manded to the Bifhop of the Place wh-re the- De- ^icb is'bom ‘ mand is, to certify the King’s Court where the Plea out Qf England,. ‘ thereof hangeth, as of old Times hath been ufed in Raft, 105.

‘ the Cafe of Baftardy alledged againft them which ‘ were born in England.''

1 .

A Statute for the Clergy, made Anno 25 Edw. III. Stat. 3 . and Anno

Dom. 1350.

r	t	t	t	•

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. in. 16. D.

NOSTRE Seignur lcRoi veues & examinez par bone deliberation les petitions Si articles a lui bailliez en fen parlement tenuz a Weftmonfter en la fefte de feint Hillar’ lan de fon regne dEngleterre vinti.fme quint et de France dufzifme par Lonourablc picrc en Dieu’Stmon Er-cevefqe de Canterbirs et autres Evefqes de fa province fur et pur certeines grevances queles ils di-foient eftre faites a feinte eglife et a la clergie en-contre les privileges de feinte eglife et dunk ils pri-erent qe covenable remedie ent fuift ordene al reverence de Dieu et de feinte eglife et de lafl'ent de bn dit parlement pur lui et fes heirs voet et grant es pointz. foutheferiptz.

“ V UR Lord the King, feeing and examining by “ *	\	good Deliberation the Petitions and Articles

ce ^ delivered to him in his Parliament holden at “ Wejlminfter in the Feaft of St. Hilary, the Year of “ his Reign-of England the Five and twentieth, and of “ France the Twelfth, by the Honourable Father in--. “ God, Simon Archbifhop of Canterbury, and other “ Bifhops’of his Province, upon and for certain Griev-“ ances, which they alledged to be done to holy <c Church, and to the Clergy, againft the Privileges of, “ holy Church ; and then they prayed, that a conve-“ niable Remedy might be thereof ordained, to the “ Reverence of God and of holy Church ; by the Af-. “ fent of his Parliament, for him and his Heirs, will--“ eth and granteth the Points under-written.”

GAP. I.

All Privileges granted to the Clergy confirmed. The King nor his ITeirs fhall prefent to a Benefice of another’s Right of any Time of his Progenitors.

PRimerement qe toutz les franchifes et privileges grantez par devant a la dice clergie foient con-‘ermez et tenuz en toutz pointz. Et quant as pre-entementz affaire par noftre dit Seignur le Roi ou tul de fes heirs as benefices de feinte eglife en autri lroit par auncien title noftre Seignur le Roi al ho-tur de Dieu et de feinte eglife voet et grant de neifme laffent de fon dit parlement qe defore il ne tul de fes heirs ne prendra title de prefenter a nul tenefice en autri droit de nul ternps de fes progeni-:ours ne qe nul Prelat de fon Roialme foit tenuz de ■eceivre nul tie] prefentement afaire ne ent faire -xecution ne riule Juftice del une place ne del autre Dufie ne dcive fur nul tie] prefentement affaire plee |tenir ou juggement doner mes qe le dit Roi ct fes veirs foient de touz tieux prefentementz forbarrez ts touz jours fauvant au dit Roi et a fes heirs toutz ielx prefentementz en autri droit de tout fon temps -t de temps avenir..

‘ TT'Irft, That all the Privileges and Franchifes grant-‘ ed heretofore to the faid Clergy be confirmed and ;

‘ holden in all Points. (2) And as touching Prefent-‘ merits to be made by our Lord the King, or any of;

‘ his Heirs, to a Benefice of holy Church in another’s -‘ Right by old Title, our faid Lord the King, to the-* Honour of God and Holy Church, willeth and grant- -‘ eth, of the Afl'ent of the faid Parliament, that from >

‘ henceforth he nor any of his Heirs fhall not take >

‘ Title to prefent to any Benefice in any other’s Right;

‘ of any Time of his Progenitors; (3) nor that any>

‘ Prelate of his Realfn be bound to receive any fuch>.

‘ Prefentment to be made, nor to do thereof any Exe--‘ cution ; (4) nor that any Juftice of the one Place,;

‘ or the other, may not nor ought not to hold Plea, on ‘ give Judgement upon any fucb Prefentment to ber made ; (;) but that the laid King and his Heirs be 5111.4. f:%?. ‘ for ever hereafter clearly barred of all fuch Prefent- .vide_Pafch. 8 ‘ ments ; 16) faving always to him and his Heirs al!.par'Scafp ‘ fuch Prefentments in another’s Right fallen, or to ‘■fell, of all his Time, and of the Time to come.’ , Cr‘3S4. ‘

Jones 334.

CAP. II.

A Repeal of the Statute of Amio 14 Ed. 3. Stat. 4.' cap. 2. touching the King’s Prefentment to .

a Church of another’s Right.

ET pur ce qe en parlement tenuz a Weftmon-ftier lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roi quatorzifme entre autres chofes adonqes grantez as Prelatz Si a feinte eglife eftoit osderie qe le Roi

“ AND becaufe in the Parliament holden at JVeft-“	minfter	the	Fourteenth	Year	of the Reign of

“ our Lord the King that now is, amongft other “ Things then granted to the Prelates of holy Church,

“ it.

Stat. 3«	Anno	viceftmo	qulnto	Edvvardi	III.	A.D..	1350,

“ it was ordained, That the King {hould ' not take ’ “ Title to prefent to any Benefice in another’s Pught, “ hut of the Voi dances which fiiajlthappen of fueh Be-“ lieftces within tliree Years Text before his Prefent-1 nient, which Thing ieenheth very prejudicial to the “ King and,his Heirs;” ‘ (2) it is accorded in this ‘ prefent Parliament, That the faid Ordinance, as to ‘ this Point, {hall be holden for none; but neverthe-‘ lefs, that all the other Articles contained in the faid-c Ordinance and Grant then made to holy Church,

* {hall {land in their .Force.’	r , .	,

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

'ne prefi droit title de prefenter a nul benefice en autri droit forlqe de vacations qe aviendrerent ties tielx benefices deinz trois annz profeheins devant fan prefentement quele chofe femblafl troo prejtt-diciele au Lioi.&.aies heirs Acordecften cell par-lement qe la dite ordinance quant a ce point foit tenu par nule St qe toutz les autres articles conte-nuz en meifme lordenance St grantes adonqes faitz a-feinte eglife eftoifent en lour force.

C A P. III.

When the King prefenteth to a Benefice in another’s Right, his Title {hall be examined.

“■ T TEM; Whereas before this Time our Lord the “ X King hath taken Title to prefent to Benefices at “ the Suggeftion of many Clerks, where the Title hath “ not been true, and by fuch Prefentments and Judge-“ ments thereupon given, the Clerks have been re-46Ed. 3. f. ic, << ceived by the Ordinaries of the Places, againfl God t( and good Faith, and in Depreftion of them which “ had good and true Title to the faid Benefices;”

‘ (2) now the King will and granteth. That at what ‘ Time he {ball take Collation or Ptefentment from ‘ henceforth to any Benefice in another’s Right, that

*	the Title whereupon he grbundeth himfelf fliall be, ‘ well examined thaFit be true; f 3) and at what Time

*	before Judgement the Title be found by good Infor-‘ mation untrue or unjuft, the Collation or Prefent-‘ ment thereof made, {hall be repealed ; (4) and the

Patron, or the Poffeffor, which fhall fhew and prove the falle Title, fhall have, thereupon Writs out of the Chancery as many as to him fhall be needful.’

Confirmed by 13 R. Rat. x c. 1. and enforced by 4 Ii, 4. c. 22.

AUxin't come nofire Seignur le Roi eit ayant ces heures pris title 'de prefenter a fuggeftion des plufours clercs la ou le title nad efle verroi Si pafmi tielx prefentementz St juggementz fur ce renduz les clercs ount efte receuz par ordinaries des lieux contre Dieu St bone foi 'St en depreftion de ceux qe avoient bone St verrei title es ditz benefices fi voet le Roi & grant qe a quele heure qil ferra collation ou prefentement defore a nul benefice enfi en autri droit qe le title fur quel il fe fon-dra foit bien examinee qil foit verrei & a quele heure qe avant le juggeme’nt rendu le title foit tro-vee par bone information nient verrei ne juft foit la collation ou prefentement'en‘fait repelle & eit le patron ou le pofleffour qe monftra & prova le faux title fur ce briefs de la Chancellerie quanqe a lui ferront bufoignables.

CAP. IV.

Clerks convi&ed of Felony or Treafon fhall be delivered to their Ordinaries.

Bro. Clere. 25. 18 El. c. 7. orders that none allowed their Clergyy be de-

Hob. 22s.	“ Y TEM, Whereas the faid Prelates have grievoufly

“ X complained, .praying thereof Remedy, for that “ fecular Clerks, as well Chaplains as other Monks, “ and other People of Religion, have been drawn and “ hanged by Award of the fecular Juftices, in Preja-“ dice of the Franchifes of holy Church, and in Op-“ preflion of the Jurifdiiftion thereof‘ (2) it is accorded and granted by the faid King in his Parliament, That all Manner of Clerks, as well' fecular as religious, which fhall he from henceforth convidf before the fecular-Juilices aforefaid, for any Treafons or Felonies touching other Pcrfons than the King dd’ar ,0,kc0r'i	himfelf,	or	his Royal Majefty, fliall from henceforth

ry'	‘	freely have	and enjoy the Privilege of holy Church,

‘ and fhall be, without any Impeachment or Delay, ‘ delivered to the Ordinaries demanding them. (3)

‘ And for this Grant the faid Archbifhop promifeth to ‘ our Lord the King, that upon the Punifhment and ‘ fa fe keeping of fuch Clerks Offenders, which fo {hall ‘ be delivered to the Ordinaries, he fhall thereof make ‘ a convenient Ordinance, whereby they fhall be fafely <■ a u 1	‘	kept and	duly punifhed, fo that ho Clerk fhall tdke

“firf’ly	‘	Courage	to	offend for Default of Corrcdion.’

which Perfont in holy Orders arc made JnbjtSl to the fame Pains as others,

}TEM come les ditz Prelatz eient grevoufement plcint'einpreiant elit remedie de ce qe clercs feculers auxi bien chapelleins come‘autres moignes St autres gentz de religion eient effe tteinez & pen-duz par agard des Juftices feculers en prejudice des franchifes & depreftion de juriidicb’on ' de feinte egjife ft eft acorde St grante par le Roi- en fon dit parlement qe touz maneres des clercs auxibien feculers come religioufes qi ferront defore eonviftz devant les Juftices feculers pur quecomqes felonies ou trefoils touchantes autres perfones qe le Roi meifines ou fa roiale majefte eient & enjoient fran-chement defore privilege de feinte eglife St foient faunz nule empelchement ou delai liverez a les Ordinaries cux demandantz. - Ft pur ce grant le dit Ercevefqe promift: au Roi qe fur le1 puniilement & fauve gard de tieux clercs meftefours qe ferront enfy as Ordennres liverez il ent ferroit ordenanee covenable par la quelle tieux clercs ent ferroient falvement gardez & duement punitz enfi qe nul clerc emprendreit mes haudure de enfi meffaire par defaute de chaftifement.

CAP.

A.D. 1350. Anno vicefimo quinto Edwardi III,

Stat. 3.

257

- ><..	cap.	y.■

A Clerk fhall be arraigned of all his Offences at once.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM coment qe clercsarefnes de felonie devant Juftices feculers qe chalengeient leur clergie et feurent demandez par le Ordinaire del lieu eient cftee fovent avant ces heures remandez a la gaole par les ditz Juftices furmettant a eux qe homme ad autre chofe a dire devcrs eux nient meins pur ceqe commune lei eft qe clerc en tieu cas nc doit'eftre rcmande a la gaole mes doit meintenant eftre arenec de tout ou autremehtdelivres al Ordenairie Acorde eft qe cell point foit garde par toutes maneres des Juftices &Jugges feculers par toute noftre roialme.

ITEM, Although that Clerks arraigned of Felony before fecular Juftices, which challenged their Clergy, and were demanded by the Ordinary of the Place, have been often before this Time remanded to the Gaol by the faid Juftices, furmifing to them, that other Tilings be to be faid agair.ft them ;

(2)	neverthelefs becaufe the common Law is. That a Clerk in fuch Cafe ought not to be remanded to the Gaol, but ought to be prcfently arraigned of all, or otherwife delivered to the Ordinary6 it is accorded, That this Point be kept by all Manner of Juftices and Judges fecular throughout our Realm.’

Dyer 214.. E 0. Clcrg. 24, 30.

Kelyng A1, 43.

Altered by 8 HJ. c. 4. and iS El.

c. 7. witch ordain: that none allowed their Clergy, be delivered to tic Ordinary.

See the fdregoirg Chapter.

CAP. VI.

* »

A Eifliop’s Temporal ties fhall not be feifed for a Contempt.

TEM pur ee qe’les temporaltees des Ercevefqes & Evefqes ount efte fovent foitz pris en la main le Roi pur contempt fait a lui fur le brief Quare non admifit & enfement par plufures autres caufes fount les ditz Prelatz ount priez au Roi qe nule :iele prife fe face defore deficorne ils fontpieres de a terre ft voet le Roi '& grant en meifmc ceft dit larlement qe touz les Juftices .qe rendront defore es juggementz contre nul Prelat de la terre en ieu cas ou femblable qils en tieu cas pulfent Vanchement recejyre Sc -defore receivent pur le ontempt enfi ajugge;fyn refonahle de la par-tie enfiy ondempnee folonc la quantite du trefpas & folonc a qualite du contempt meintenant au temps dejug-;ement fi la partie loffrc ou autreinent apres, lejug-;ement a quelle heure cie la partie le voet offrer et il bufojgne le chanceller Vreforer foient a la re--■cite de Pit fyn appellez.

£ ITEM, Becaufe the Temporalties of Archbi- x Ed. 3. flat. 9.

; J. fhops and Bifhops have been oftentimes taken in - c. 2.

‘ to the King’s Hands for Contempts done to him up- 14 Ed-3- fnt. 4* 1 on Writs of fihiare non admifit, and likewife for di- c"

! vers other Caufes, whereof the faid Prelates have ‘ prayed the King, that no fucli taking fhall from : henceforth be made, fith they be Peers of the Land 5”

(2)	the King will and granteth in the fame Parlia- 9 Ed. 4. f. 28. ment, That all the Juftices which from henceforth Did. 12. fhall give Judgement againft any Prelate of the Land

in.fuyh Cafe, or the like, that they; in fuch Cafe may freely.receive,, and. from, henceforth fnall receive for . the Contempt, fd judged, a reafonable Fine of the Party-fo condemned, .according, to the' Quantity of the Trefpafs, and after the Quality of the Contempt, incontinently at the Time of the Judgement, if the Party offer the fame, 6r otherwife after the Judgement,. at wh.at lime the.Party will offer himfelf;

(3)	and if it need, the Chancellor and the Treafurer' fhall be called to the Receipt of the faid Fines,’

CAP. VII.

The Ordinary may counterplead the King’s Title for a Benefice fallen by Laple.

TEM pur ce qe plufurs prefentementz as di-_ verfes benefices de leinte eglife fibien de patror lage de laiez gentz come de gentz- de feinte eglife leftoient voides par fys mois dount les collation's de ieux benefices par laps de temps eftoient devolutz ’« de droit nppurtenantz a les Ordinaries des lieux ftoient recoverez par le Roi par juggement ent endu.de laflent des ditz patrons en deceit de les ollations enfi faites refonablement par les ditz Gr-linaries en queux plees a eux defendre & contre-deder le droit le Roi enfi clamee les Ordinaries ne ours clercs as queux ils donoient tieux benefices leftoient receuz a monftrer ou defendre lour droit n celle partie la quele chofe neftoit rnie refonable ■ar quoi le Roi de lalfent de fon dit parlement voet 4; grant pur lui & pur fes heirs qe quant Ercevefqe ivefqe ou autre Ordinarie ad done un benefice de iroit a lui devolut par laps de temps & apres le Roi irefente Sc preigne fa feute devers lun patron qi par as voet foefrir qe le Roi recouvre faunz action trie n deceit de Lordinair ou le polfeffour des ditz bene-VOL. I.

“ ITEM, Becaufe that many Prefentmenfs £0 di-13 Erf.». flat. 1. “ J vers Benefices of holy Church, as well of the 5-“ Patronage of Lay People, as of People of holy 7 £o' J®1, “'Church, which 'were void by fix Months, whereof ,r.if,' ,.g “ the Collation of filch Benefices by Lapfe of Time 4C6, 470.” J ’ “ was devolute, and: of Right pertaining to the Ordi- 2 Roll 452.

“ naries of the Places, were recovered by the King by “ Judgements thereof given of the Afl’ent of the ffaid “ Patrons, in Deceit of the faid Collations fo made rea-“ fonably by the faid Ordinaries; in which Pleas the “ Ordinaries nor their Clerks, to whom they did give “ fuch Benefices, were not received to fhew nor de-“ fend their Right in this Behalf, nor to counterplead “ the King’s Right fo claimed, which is not reafona-“ hie:” 4 Wherefore the King, by the Alient of the 1 l.eannrrf, 4;.

‘ fail Parliament, will and granteth for him and his 1 ,tz.m Qnaie lm-‘ Heirs, That when Archbifhops, Bifiiops, or other	’

‘ Ordinaries, have given a Benefice of Right devolute Hob. ~i3.J ’ c to him by Lapfe of Time, and after the King pre- S»viil j0s.

‘ fenteth and taketh the Suit againft the Patron, which 1 Mcii- -79-‘ percafe will fuffer that the King fhall recover without L 1	Adiion

Anno vicefimo quinto Edward 1 III. A. D. 1350.

®r> Petition, r. *3 R. 2. fiat. 1, the King's

A&ion tried, in deceit of the Ordinary, or the Pof-fefl'or of the faid Benefices, that in fuch Cafe, and all other Cafes like, where the King’s Right is not tried, the Archbiftiop or Bifhop, Ordinary or Pqfleflor, {hall be received to counterplead the Title taken fpr the King, and to have his Anfwer, and to {hew and defend his Right upon the Matter, although that he claim nothing in the Patronage in the Cafe aforefaid.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. fices qe en tieu cas & en toutes autres cafes fembla-bles ou le droit le Roi neft pas trie Lercevefqe E-vefqe Ordinarou le pofleflbur foient receuz a con-trepleder le title pris pur le Roi & davoir fon re-fpons k a monftrer & defendre fon droit fur la ma-tire tout foit il qe il riens cleime el patronage en cas fufdit.

Prefcntee .(hall not he received to a Church full of an Incumbentt till be loath recovered it by Law.

CAP. VI!I.

Cognifance of Avoidance of Benefices appertaineth to the Ecclefiaftical Judge.

“ TTEM, Whereas the faid Prelates have {hewed “ and prayed Remedy, for that the feeular Juftices “ do accroch to them Cognifance of Voidanee of Be-“ nefices of Right, which Cognifance and the difeuf-“ fing thereof pertaineth to the Judges of holy Church, “ and not to the Lay-Judge;” ‘ (2) the King will ‘ and granteth, That the faid Juftices {hall from hence-‘ forth receive fuch Challenges made or to be made by 1 any Prelate of holy Church in this Behalf, and more-‘ over thereof fliall do Right and Reafon.’

CAP.

ITEM come les ditz Prelatz eient monftrez k priez remedie fur eeqe les Juftices feoulers aero-chent a eux coniflance de voidanee des benefices de droit quelle conifiance k difeuffion attient a jugge de feinte eglife & nient a lai jugge fi voet le Roi &' grante qe les dites Juftices defore receivent tides-chalenges faites ou affaire par- quecumqes Prelatz de feinte eglife en celle partie .k outre ent facent droit k refon.

IX.

Jndidfments of Ordinaries for Extortion fhall be put in Certainty.

ITEM, Bccaufe that the King’s Juftices do take Jndidtments of Ordinaries, and of their Mini-“ fters, of Extortions and Oppreffions, and impeach “ them, without putting in certain, wherein or where-“ of, or in what Manner they have done Extortion;”' ‘ (2) the King will, That his Juftices {hall not from ‘ henceforth impeach the Ordinaries, not their Mini-‘ fters, becaufe of fuch Indi&ments of general Extor-‘ tions or Oppreffions, unlefs they fay, and put in ‘ certain, in what Thing, and of what, and in what ‘ Manner the faid Ordinaries or their Minifters have * done Extortions or Oppreffions.’

ITEM pur ce qe les Juftices leRoi parnerrt en-ditementz des Ordinaries k de lours miniftres de extorfions & oppreffions k les empefehent faunz ce qils mettent en certein en quoi ou de qi ou en quelle manere ils ount fait extorfion fi voet le Roi qe les Juftices le Roi ne empefehent defore les Ordinaries ne lour miniftres par caufe de tieux enditementz des generals extorlions-ou oppreffions fils ne mettent ou dient en certein en quelle efiofe k de qi k. en quelle manere les ditz Ordinaries ou lours miniftres ount fait extorfions ou oppreffions.

Le Roi a touz ceux as queux ceftes lettres vendront faluz. Come en noftre darrein parlement tenuz a-Weftm’ en la fefte de feint Hiller darrein pafle entre autres petitions & articles mifes avant en meifme-le parlement par lonurable piere en Dieu Simon ercevefqe de Canterbirs pur lui k fes confrers evefqes de fa province des certeines grevances queles ils difoient eftre faites a feinte egliferencontre les privileges dycelle feuft chalenge depar la dite clergie qe quecumqes clercs convieftz de ce qe ils avoient fauxe ou contrefait noftre monoie ou noftre grant ou privee feals deulfent enjoier privilege de feinte eglife & qe leglife avoit efte en poffeffion de tieux. Nous pur caufe qe nous ne poons mie pur autres grofl'es bufoignes entendre a la difeuffion de ce point voillantz auxibien fauver leftat de feinte eglife come le noftre volons & grantons qe cell article foit mis en fufpens tanqe a noftre profehein parlement en le quel ce point purra plus pleinement eftre difeufle & la verite ent trie et qe fi en le meen temps nul clerc foit convift. qil eit fauxe ou contrefait la monoie de la terre ou afeun de noz fealx avantditz qil ne foit pur le temps mis a la. mort paragarde de jugge feculer mes remys a prifonea y demoreren fauvegard- faunz nulle liverance faire al ordenair tanqe autrement en feit ordene. En tefmoignance de quelle chofe nous avoms fait faire ceftes Note, Thefe noz lettres patentes. Don’ a Weftm’ le xx. jour de Feverer lan de noftre regne dEngleterre vintifine fifme

Sfjfutes in gene- Sc de France trefzifme,

rat are confirmed

hy ^H. 4, c. 2,

Statute

A. I). 1350. Anno vicelimo quinto Edwardi III

Stat. 4

259

Statute of Cloths, made Anno 25 Edw. III. Stat. 4. and Anno Dom,

*35°-

CAP. I.

The Aulneger fhall be fworn to do his Duty. The Penalty if he offend *.

C A P. II.

Merchant Strangers may buy and fell without Difturbance.

* 11 W, 3. c.to,

take! aivay Aul-vage Duties*

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

ITEM come contenu foit en un eftatut fait a Everwyk lan du regnc noftre dit Seignur le Roi noeiifme qe touz marchantz aliens & denzeins & touz autres et chefcun deux de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qi achater ou vendre voillentbledz vins avoir du pois chars peffons & toutes autres vivres & vitailles leines draps merces marchandifes & totes maneres dautres chofes vendables de quele part qils viegnent par foreins ou par denzeins a quel lieu qe ce foit foit il burgh ville port du meer faire marche ou autre lieu deinz meifme le Roialme deinz franchife ou dehors les puiflent franchement & fanz deftourber vendre a qi qe lour pleft auxibicn as. foreins come as denzeins forfpris les enemys de noftre Seignur le Roi & de fon Roialme Accorde eft par noftre dit Seignur le Roi Prelatz Countes Barons & touz autres grantz & communes en ceft prefent parlement qe le dit eftatut en touz pointz & articles contenuz en ycel foit tenu garde & meintenu. Et qe ft nul eftatut chartre lettre pa-tente proclamation ou mandement ufage allouance ou jugement foit fait au contraire foit overtement repclle anienty & tenu pur nul. Et outre ce qe chefcun marchant ou autre de quele condition qil foit auxibien alien come denzein qi amene vins chars pefion ou autre manere des vittailles draps peaux ou avoir du pois ou quecomqes autres merces ou marchandifes a la Citee de Londres ou as autres citees burghs & bones villes dEngleterre ou portz de meer les poet franchement & fanz cha-lange ou empefehement de nuli vendre en gros ou a retail! ou par parcelles a fa volunte a qucconqes gentz qi les vodront achater nient contrefteant que-cumqe franchife grante ou cuftume ufe ou que-comqe autre chofe faite au contraire deficome qe tielx ffanchifes & ufages font en commune prejudice du Roi & de tut fon poeple. Et qe nul mair baillif catchepole miniftre ne nule autre fe melle de la vente de nule manere des vitailles vendables me-nez ou portez as citees burghs ne autres villes ne faire ne marche fors foulement celi a qi les vitailles font et qe proclamation ent foit faite de novel en touz les countez dEngleterre et en la Citee de Londres et en touz autres citees burghs bones villes portz du meer et aillours deinz le Roialme dEngleterre ou meftire ferra et qe noftre dit Seignur le Roi fur ce face aftigner fes Juftices totes les foitz qe lui plerra et mefter foit denquere de touz ceux qi vendront ou riens facent alencontre et de les punir felonc la peine contenue en meifme leftatut fait lan noefifme. Et qe chefcun qi vorra fuir de-

1TEM, Whereas it is contained in a Statute made 9 Ed. 3. flat. r.

at York the Ninth Year of the Reign of our c- *• 9H>3-Lord the King that now is, that all Merchants, Ali- *'	*

ens, and Denizens, and all other, and every of them, *' ...

of what Eftate or Condition they were, which would buy or fell Corn, Wine, Avoir de pois, Flefh, Fifh, and all other Livings and Victual, Cloths, Chaffer,

Woolls, Merchandifes, or any other Things vendible, from what Party they come, by Foreigners or by Denizens, to what Place foever it be, Borough,

Town, Port of the Sea, Fair, Market, or other Place within this Realm, within Franchifes or without, may freely and without Difturbance fell the fame to whom pleafe them, as well to Foreigners as-‘ to Denizens, except * the Kings Enemies‘ (2) it *. ^ '/e E"U , is accorded by our Lord the King, the Prelates, ^jCnTar.i to Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and the Com- Realm, mons in this prefent Parliament, That the faid Statute, in all Points and Articles contained in the fame, be hclden, kept, and maintained. (3) And if that any Statute, Charter, Letters Patents, Proclamation, or Commandment, Ufage, Allowance, or Judgement be made to the contrary, the fame fhall be openly repealed, void, and holden for none. (4) And more-Altered by over, that every Merchant, or other, of what Con- 16 c-dition he be, as well Alien as Denizen, that bring.	,aA

Wines, Flefh, Fifh, or other Vi&uals, Cloths, Saie J aStran-Woolfels, Avoir de pois, or any other Manner of ger’s Goods. Merchandifes, or Chaffer, to the City of London, or other Cities, Boroughs, and good Towns of England, or Ports of the Sea, may freely, and without Challenge or Impeachment of anv, fell in grofs or at Retail, or hy Parcels, at his Will, to all Manner of People that will buy the fame, notwithftanding any Franchifes, Grants, or Cuftom ufed, or any other Thing done to the contrary; ftthence that fuch Ufages and Franchifes be to the common Prejudice of the King and his People. (5) And that no Mayor, Bailiff, Catchpole, Minifter, nor other, fhall meddle with the Sale of any Manner of Victual vendible, brought to Cities, Boroughs, or other Towms, nor Fair nor Market, hut only he to whom the Vidluals be; (6) and Proclamation be thereof made of new in all Counties of England, and in the City of London, and in all other Cities, Boroughs, good Towns,

Ports of the Sea, and other Places within the Realm oI England, where Need fhall be; (7) and that the King thereupon caufe to be afligned his Juftices at all Times that fhall pleafe him, and if Need be, to enquire of all thofe that fnall offend againft this Ordinance, or do any Thing againft the lame, and to pu-nifh them according to the Pain contained in the fame Statute made in-the faid Ninth Year. (S) And that every Perfon that will fue againft any fuch, fhall LI 2	£	have

Anno vicefimo quinto Edwardi III. A. D. 1350*

EnfoMed by 2 P . 1 2. it at, i. c. i. ‘ II R. 2. c. 7. c Silt fit 5 H. 4. c. 9. 6 W. 4. f-4-

have a Writ in the Chancery to attach him by his Body as a Diiturber of, the common Profit, to caufe him to come thereof to make Anfwer in the King’s Court.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. vers nul tiel eit brief de la Chancellerie de lui at-tacher par fon corps come deftourbeour de commune profit de lui faire entvenir a refpons en la Court le Roi.

putting Merchant Strangers under feme RefriBions, Sec likeivifc iz II, •/. c. 6, concerning Merchant Adventurers,

CAP. III.

The Penalty of him that doth foreftall Wares, Merchandife, or Vi&ual.

Co rtf;* medby 2 R • Z,	c,	2.	C

Enforced by 27 Ed, 3. fat, 2 s, ii.‘ 28 Ed, 3

13*fcc: 3*

5 & 6 Ed. 6.

c. 14. declares the Punijhment of Fcref alters*

ITEM it is accorded and eftablifhed, That the Foreftallers of Wines, and ail other Victuals, Wares, and Merchandifes that come to the good Towns of England by Land or by .Water, in Damage of our Lord the King and of his People, if they be thereof attainted at the Suit of the King, or of the Party, before Mayor, Bailiff, or Juftices thereto affigned, or elfewbere in the King’s Court; and if they be attainted at the King’s Suit by Indictment, or in other Manner, the Vnings foreftalled fhall be forfeited to the King, if the Buyer thereof hath made Gree to the Seller : (2) And if he have not made Gree of all, but by Earneft, the Buyer fhall incur the Forfeiture of as much as the foreftalled Goods forfeited do amount to, after the Value as he bought them, if he have whereof; (3) and if he have not whereof, then he fhall have two Years Im-prifonment, and more, at the King’s Will, without being let to Mainprife, or delivered in other Man-

(4)	And' if lie be attainted at the Suit of the

ner,

Party, the Party fhall have the one half .of fuch Things foreftalled and forfeit, or the Price, of the King’s Gift, and the King the other half.’

ACorde eft auxint et eftabli qe les forftallours des vins et des autres vitailles et de toutes autres merces & marchandifes qe viegnont a les bones villes par terre ou pareav/e en damage de no-ftre Seignur le Roi & de fon poeple ft de ceo foient atteintz a la fuite le Roi ou de partie devant mair baillifs ou Juftices a ce affignes ou aillours en la court le Roi & fil foit atteint a la fuite le Roi par enditement ou en autre manere foient les chofes forftalles forfaitz au Roi ft lachatour ent eit fait gree au vendour & fil neit.fait gree de tut mes par arres encourge lachatour la forfaiiure de tant come les biens forftalles amountent felonc la value qil les avera achate fil eit de quoi & ftl neit adonqes eit la prifone de deux’annz & plus a la volunte le Roi fanz eftre lefTe a,mainprife ou delivres en autre manere. Et ftl foit atteint a fuite de partie eit la partie la moite de tielx chofes forftalles & forfaitz. ou la pris du ’doun le Roi &Je Roi lautre moite.

CAP. IV.

New Wears fhall be pulled down, and not repaired.

9 Add in fucb Riven*

Confirmed by Ed. 3. c. 2

3	H. 4. c. 12.

4	//• Af, C• II

“ TTEM, Whereas the common PafTage of Boats “ JL and Ships in'the great Rivers of England be of-“ tentimes annoyed by the inhanftng of Gorces, Mills,

“ Wears, Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, in great Da’

“ mage of the People;” ‘P (2J it is accorded and efta-‘ bliflied. That all fuch Gorces, Mills, Wears, Stanks,

‘ Stakes, and fuddles, which be levied and fet up in the ‘ Time of King Edward tide King’s Grandfather, and c after, * whereby the faid Ships and Boats be difturbed,

‘ that they cannot pafs in fuch River as they were wont, s fhall be out and utterly pulled down, without being 4 renewed; (3) and thereupon Writs fhall be fent to * the Sheriffs of the Places where Need fhall be, to ‘ furvey and inquire, and to do thereof Execution;

‘ and alfo the Juftices fhall be thereupon affigned at all ‘ Times that f all be needful.’

9 H. 6. c. 9. Enforced by iz E. 4, c. 7. which ivfiiEh Penally on Offenders, See further 3 Jac, 1. c, 12.	7	Jac,	1.	c,	!$•	6	7	TV,	3.	c.	16,

ITEM pur ce qe communes paffages de neefs U batelx en les grantz rivers dEngleterre ft font fovent foitz deftourbez par le lever de gortz molins eftanks eftackes & kideux en grant damage du poeple Acorde eft & eftabli qc touz tiels gortz molins eftanks eftackes & kideux qe font leves & mys en temps le Roi Lael & puis encea en tielx rivers par queux les niefs & batelx font, deftourbes qi!s ne poent pafler come ils foloient foient ouftes & ftette-ment abatuz fanz eftre relevez et foient fur ce briefs mandez as vifeontz de lieux ou mefter ferra de fur-veer & denquere &de faire ent execution & auxint qe Juftices foient fur ce affignez a totes les foitz qil befoignera.

3 Gc:, 1, fat, 2, (, 18. containing farther Regulations concerning Wears,

A Statute cf Purveyo7's> made Anno 25 Edw. III. Stat. 5. and Anno

Dom. 1350.

AT the Parliament fummoned at JVeJhninJler in the Fcaft of St Hilary, the Year of the Reign of our Lord King Edward the Third after

Ex Rot. inTitrr. Lond. m. 16.

AU parlement fomonz a Weftm’ en la feftc de Seinte Miller’ bin du regne noftre Seignur le Roi Edward dEngleterre vintifme

quint

Stat. 5.

261

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. quint & de France douzifme noftre Seignur 1e Roi del aflent des Prelatz Dues Countes Barons & de tout la comunalte de fon Roialme dEngleterre au dit parlement fomons al honurde Dieu & de Seinte Eglife & en amendement de fon dit Roialme ad or-deine & eftabli les chofes foutzeferiptes.

44 the Conqueft of England the Five and twentieth,

44 and of France the Twelfth ; our (aid-Lord the King,

44 by the Aflent of the Prelates, * Earls, Barons, and * Add Duba.. 44 of all the Commonalty of his Realm of England 44 fummoned to the Parliament, to the Honour of God “ and holy Church, and in Amendment of his faid 44 Realm, hath ordained and eftabliflied the Things 44 under-written.”

CAP. I.

By what Meafures the -King’s Purveyors fhall take Corn. Things purveyed fhall be praiied,'

and Tallies made thereof.

5'N primes pur ce qe tres grauntz & tres outrageoufes damages &grevances font faitc-s au poeple par les L/ parnours & purveours des vitaillcs pur les hofteux noftre Seignur le Roi ma dame la Roigne & de lour enfantz fl elf aedrde & aflentuz en Ie dit parlement qe les parnours & purveiours des bledz pur les ditz hofteux les preignent parmefure rafen felonc ceo qe homme ufe parmy le Roialme. Et qe tcuz bledz feyns litere & beftaiil & touz autres vitailles & chofes quecumqes queles font aprendre pur meifmes les hofteux foient prifez a la verroie rvalue par les coneftables & autres bons gentz des villes on tieles prifes fe feront fanz ce qe par manaces ou durefees foient les preifours chacez a mettre autre pris qe lour ferement r.e voet & corne curt comunement en les profeheins marchees. Et qe entre les purveours et ceux des queux les biens ferront prifes en la prefence des coneftables & preifours foient tables tantoft faites faunz ceo qe les gentz des queux les biens ferront prifes foient yillours traitz ou travaillez et meifmes les tallies enfealez des feals les parnours des chofes. iffint prifes par les'queles tables gre foit fait as-ceux des queux les chofes ferront iflint prifes. Et ft nul parnour ou purveour pur les ditz hofteux face par autre manere foit meinte-nant areftu par la villee ou la prife ferra faite et mefne a la profeheine gaole et ft de ceo foit atteinf foit la fait de lui co re de laron ft la quantite des biens le demand folohc ceo qen uft eftatut fait en temps'meifme noftre Seignur Ie Roi lan de fon regne quint et en un autre eftatut fait en terftps lael noftre Seignur le Roi fur tieles prifes eft contenuz plus au plein; Et qe defore foit contenuz es commifiions des tieux purveours et parnours lentent et'la peine contenuz en ceft eftatut.' Et qe nule commifiion foit faite forfqe foulement feuz les grant ou prive fealxr le Roi ne qe nul homme foit tenuz de obeier a autre commiffion nen autre manere qe neft diten avant et qe meifme leftatut tiegnelieit eri toutz pointz devers chefcun parnour et puxveour de chefcune manere des vitailles en chefcune partie du Roialme de quele condition qil foit..

Corn fhall be taken by Mea*-fure flrilten.

23 H, 6. c. 1. Things taken for the King’s Houfe fhall le piaifcd at the very Value.

Tallies fhall be m2de between the Purveyor and the Owner of the Goods taken.

5 Ed. 3. c. 2. 34. Ed. J. C. 2e

The Purveyors Commifiicns fhall be under the Great or Privy Seal,

; . ; c a p. 11.

A Declaration which Offences fhall be adjudged Treafon;

AUxint pur ceo qe diverfes opinions ount efte einz ces heures qen cas quant il avient doit eftre dit trefon Sc en quel cas noun le Roi a la re-quefte des Seignurs St de la Communalte ad fait declariflement qe enfuit ceft aflavoir Quant homme fait compafier ou imaginer la mort noftre Seignur le Roi ma dame fa compaigne ou de lour fitz primer Sc heir ou ft homme violaft la compaigne le Roi ou leifnefee fill le Roi nient marie ou la compaigne leiftie fitz Sc heir du Roi Sc ft homme leve de guerre contre noftre dit Seignur le Roi en fon Roialme ou foit aherdant as enemys noftre Seignur le Roi en le Roialme donant a eux eid ou confort en fon Roialme ou par aillours Scde ceo provablement foit atteint de overt faite par gentz de lour condition. Et ft homme ccntreface les grant ou prive leak le Roi ou fa monoie Sc ft homme apport faus monoie en cefte Roialme cor.trefalte a la monoie dEngleterre ficome la monoie appelle Lucynburgh ou autre femblable a la dire monoie dEngleterre fa-chant la monoie eftre faus pur marchanderou paie-ment faire en deceit noftre dit Seignur le Roi & fon poeple et ft homme tuaft Cnanceller i reforer ou Juftice noftre Seignur le Roi del un Baunkou del autre Juftice en Eir Sc des affifes Sc routes autres Juftices affignez a oier Sc terminer efteiantz en lours places en fefantz lours offices. Et fait a entendre qen les cafes fuifnomez doit eftre ajugge trefoil qe feftent a noftre Seignur le Roi k a fa roial

44 | TEM, Whereas divers Opinions have been be- Corfhrj 44 I fore this Time in what Cafe Treafon fhall be 1H.4. c. io.

44 faid, and in what not;” 4 (2) the King, at the Re- Kefirs *o.

4 queft of the Lords and of the Commons, hath made 3 4 a Declaration in the Manner as hereafter followeth;	'

4 that is to fay, When a Man doth compafs or ima- Br0. Treafon,"

4 me the Death of our Lord the King, or of our i, *> 3,7,9; if, 4 Lady his Queen, or of their eldeft Son and Heir ;	,6> 19, 24.;

4 (3) or if a Man do violate the King’s Companion, 7?’3.3,

4 or the King’s eldeft Daughter unmarried, or the DjLQ'A 4 Wife of the King’s eldeft Son and Heir ; (4) or if a 3 C0.2. io.

4 Man do	levy War againft our Lord	the King in	his	4 Oo„S7.. -

4 Realm,	or be adherent to the King’s	Enemies in	his	? Co- "?•

4 Realm,	giving to them Aid and	Comfort in	the	7,ye(l0I2?J 533’

4 Realm,	or elfewhere, and thereof	be probably	at-	saiiii 4?

4 tainted of open Deed by the People of their Condi-4 tion. (5) And if a Man counterfeit the King’s 4 Great or Privy Seal, or his Money; (6) and if a • J- -4 Man bring falfe Money into this Realm, counterfeit 4 to the Money of England, as the Money called Lujh-4 burgh, or other ■ like to the faid Money of England,

4 knowing the Money to be falfe, to merchandife or 4 make Payment in Deceit of our faid Lord the King 4 and of his People; (7) and if a Man flea the Chan-4 cellor, Treafurer, or the King’s Juftices of the one 4 Bench or the other, Juftices in Eyre, or Juftices of 4 Aifn'e, and all other juftices afflgned to hear and de-4 termine, being in their Places, doing their Offices..

4 (8) And' it is to be underftood, that in the Cafes

6	above

Anno yicefimo quinto Ed ward i III. A. D. 1350.

The King /Hall ‘ above re'nearfed, that ought to be judged Treafon have the For- i which extends to our Lord the King, and his Royal Majefty:	(9)	And	of	fuch	Treafon	the	Forfeiture

of the Efcheats pertaineth to our Sovereign Lord, as well of the Lanas and Tenements holden of other, as of himfelf. (10) And moreover there is another

feitureof all the 4 Offenders Lands ( in HighTieafon. Fitz, Coron. 7, * 2 jo.	6

New Queftions of Treasons (hall firft be decided in Parliament.

Try. of Earl §trpff, 679.

Em. Treafon, 6, < planner of Treafon, that is to fay, when a Servant i4&>.'i6.3°’ ‘ flayeth his Mafter, ora Wife her Hufband, or when Cro.Car. 117, * a Man Secular or Religious flayeth his Prelate, to 332.	‘	whom	he oweth Faith and Obedience; (11) and of

Petit Treafon. « fuel) Treafon the Efcheats ought to pertain to every Lord of his own Fee. (<z) And becaufe that many other like Cafes of Treafon may happen in Time to come, which a Man cannot think n6r declare at this prefent Time ; it is accorded, That if any other Cafe, fuppoied Treafon, which is not above fpecified, doth happen before any Juftices, the Juftices fhall tarry without any going to judgement of the Treafon, till the Caufe be fhewed and declared before the King and his Parliament, whether it ought to be judged Treafon or other Felony. (13) And if percafe any Man of this Realm ride armed covertly or fecretly with Men of Arms againft any other, to flay him, or rob him, or take him, or retain him till he hath made Fine or Ranfom for to have his Deliverance, it is not the Mind of the King nor his Council, that in fuch Cafe it fhall be judged Treafon, but fhall be judged Felony or Trefpafs, according to the Laws of the Land of old Time ufed, and according as the Cafe requireth. (14) And if in fuch Cafe, or other like, before this 'Lime any Juftices have judged Treafon, and for this Caufe the Lands and Tenements have comen into the King’s Hands as Forfeit, the chief Lords of the Fee fhall have the Efcheats of the Tenements holden of them, whether that the fame Tenements be in the King’s Hands, or in others, by Gift or in other Manner; (15) faving always to our Lord the King the Year, and the Wafte, and the Forfeitures of Chatties, which pertain to him in the Cafes above named; (16) and that the Writs of Scire facias be granted in fuch Cafe againft the Land-Tenants without other Original, and without allowing * any Protection in the faid Suit; (17) and that of the Lands which be in the King’s Hands, Writs be granted to the Sheriffs of the Counties where the Lands he, to deliver them out of the King’s Hands without Delay.’

13 Car. 2* flat. I, c. I. See farther concerning Treafon 34. Ed. 3, c, 12.	21 R. 2. c. 3,4,

26 JI. 2. c. 13.	27 H. 8. c. 2.	28//. 8. c, 18.	32 H. 8. c, 4.	33 H. 8. c, 20 & 23.

5 EJiz. c. 1 & 11. j3Eliz,. c. 1 & 2.	14Eiix, c. 1, 2, & 3.	z$E/i».c.i.	27EJiz. c.

c. 13.	7 £? S JK 3. c. 3.	9	J/r. 3. c. 1.	13 IV* 3. c. 3 & 6.	1 Ann. flat* 2. c, 17. 2

fat. 2. c. 33.	17	Geo. 2. c. 39.	19	Gio.	2. c. 9.	20 Geo. 2. c. 30 fisf 46.

# The ProtcBhn * *>f our Lord the c King.	«

Confirmed by c I EH. 6. c. 12. c 3 Ma,. ff. 1. c. r.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. majefte & de tide manere de trefon la forfeiture des efehetes appartieiit a noftre Seignur le Roi ftbien des terres & tenemenz tenuz des autres come de lui meifmes. Et ovefqe ceo il y ad autre manere de trefon ceft aflavoir quant un fervant tue fon meiftre une femme qe tue fon baron quant homme feculer ou de religion tue fon Prelat a qi il doit foi & obedience & tide manere de trefon donn forfeiture des efehetes a chefcun Seignur de fon fee pro-pre. Et pur ceo qe plufurs autres cafes de fembla-ble trefon purront efeheer en temps a venir queux homme ne purra penfer ne declarer en prefent Aft-fentu eft qe ft autre cas fuppofee trefon qe neft ef-pecifie paramount aviegne de novel devant afeunes Juftices demoerge la Juftice faunz aler au jugge-ment de trefon tanqe par devant noftre Seignur le Roi en fon parlement’foit le cas monftree & def-clarre le quel ceo doit eftre ajugge trefon ou autre felonie. Et ft par cas afeun homme de ceft roialme chivache arme defcovert ou fecrement od gentz ar-mees contre afeun autre pur lui tuer ou derober ou pur lui prendre & retenir tanqil face fyn ou raun-ceon pur fa deliverance avoir neft pas lentent du Roi &: defon confeil qe en tiel cas foit ajugge trefon einz foit ajugge felonie ou trefpas folonc la lei de la terre auncienement ufee & folonc ceo qe le cas demand. Et ft en tieu cas ou autre femblable devant ces heures afeune Juftice eit ajugge trefon & par celle caufe les terres & tenemenz foient deve-nuz en la main noftre Seignur le Roi come for-foitz eient les chiefs Seignurs de fee lours efehetes des tenemenz de eux tenuz le quel qe les tenemenz foient en la main noftre Seignur le Roi ou en la main des autres par donn ou en autre manere Sau-yant totefoitz a noftre Seignur le Roi Ian & le waft & autres forfeitures des chateux qe a lui attenent en les cafes fuifnomez & qe briefs de Scire facias vers les terres tenantz foient grantez en tieu cas faunz autre originale & faunz allower la protection noftre Seignur le Roi en la dite feute et qe de les terres qe font en la main le Roi foit grante brief as vifeontes des countees la ou les terres ferront de oftier la main leRoi faunz outre delaie.

12. I H. 4. c. TO. 2H. 6. C. 17.	22	H.	8.	c.	9.	25/f. 8. C. 22.

5 £? 6 Ed. 6. r. 11.	1 & 2 P. & M. c. 10 & 11.	1	Eliz. c. 5.

2.	3	Jac. 1. c. 4. Jeff. 22.	13 Car. 2. fat. 1. c. 1.	3	IV. & M.

3 Ann. c, 20,	4	Ann. c. 8.	6 Ann. c, 7.	7	Ann. c. 21.	1 Geo. 3,

CAP. III.

No Indi&or fhall be put upon the Inqueft of the Party indicted.

Ero. Chall. 42, < YTEM it is accorded. That no Tndictor fhall be 166’ I2°’	‘	J P,ut *n lnquefts upon Deliverance of the Indictees

‘of Felonies or Trefpafs, if he be challenged for that ‘ fame Caufe by him which is fo indicted,’

AUxint acorde eft qe nul enditour foit mys en enqueft fur la deliverance del endite de trefpas ou de felonie fil foit chalange par tiele caufe par celui qeft endite.

C A P. IV.

None fhall be condemned upon Suggeftion without lawful Preferment.

^.*r. 3. (tat. 1. “ ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Great I Y Stre ceo come contenu foit en la Grant Chartre 29-	“ 1 Charter of the F ranchifes of England, that none 1 I des franchifcs dEngleterre qe nul foit pris ne

“ fhall be imprifoned nor put out of his Freehold, nor | emprifOne ne ouftc de fon frank tenement ne de fes

franchifes

Stat. 5.	263

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. franchifes ne de fes franches cuftumes fil ne foit par lei de la terre Acorde eft aflentu Sc eftabli qe nul defore foit pris par petition ou fuggeftion faitz a noftre Seignur le Roi ou a fon confeill fil ne foit par enditement ou prefentement des bones Sc loialx du vifnee ou tiele fait fe face Sc en due manere ou proces fait fur brief original a la commune lei ne qe nul foit oufte de fes franchifes ne de fon frank tenement fil ne foit mefne duement en refpons Sc forjugge dyceles par voie de lei Sc fi rien foit fait al encontre foit redrefle Sc tenue pur nul.

42.Ed. 3. c. 3.	11	Rtch.z.	c.10.

' of his Franchifes nor free Cuftom, unlefs it be by the

Law of the Land c (2) it is accorded, aftented,

and ftablilhed, That from henceforth none {hall be

taken by Petition or Suggeftion made to our Lord the

King, or to his Council, unlefs it be by Indictment

or Prefentmcnt of good and lawful People of the fame

Neighbourhood where fuch Deeds be done, in due

Manner, or by Proccfs made by Writ original at the

Common Law; (3) nor that none be out of his

Franchifes, nor of his Freeholds, unlefs he be duly

brought into Anfwer, and forejudged of the fame by

the Courfe of the Law; (4.) and if any Thing be

done againft the fame, it {hall be redreffed and holden ? Eli- 3- c- 9>

for none.’	y

, 1% Ed. 3. c. 3,

and 16 Car. I. c. io. which regulates the Privy Council and takes away the Star Chamber*

CAP. V.

Executors of Executors {hall have the Benefit and Charge of the firft Tefiator.

ENfement acorde eft Sc eftabli qe executours des executours eient adlion des dettes accomptes Sc des biens emportez du primer teftatour & execution des eftatutz marchantz Sc reconiflances faites en court de record au primer teftatour en meifme la manere come le primer teftatour averoit ill feuft en vie auxibien dadtions de temps pafle come de temps avenir en toutz cafes ou juggementz ne font pas renduz unqore entre tieux executours des executours mes qe les juggementz a contraire cn temps pafle eftoifent en lour force Sc qe meifmes ■ les executours des executours refpoignent as autres de tant come ils averont recoveri des biens du primer teftatour ficome les primers executours fer-roient fils feuflent en pleine vie.

Throng answerable, 4^5 TV.

ITEM it is accorded and ftablilhed. That Execu- »3E<J**• i, tors of Executors {Frail have Adlions of Debts,

Accompts, and of Goods carried away of the firft Fi°," covenant Teftators, (2) and Execution of Statutes Merchants -4, Vitz. Exef and Recognizances made in Court of Record to the cut. 9’., 103, firft Teftator, in the fame Manner as the firft Tefta- ri°> I10> tor Ihould have had if he were in Life, as well of Actions of the Time paft, as of the Time to come, in all Cafes where Judgement is not yet given betwixt fuch Executors* ; (3) but that the Judgements given to the contrary to this Article in Times paft {hall Fitj j7Xecut ftand in their Force ; (4) and that the fame Execu- ,0j	?0j

tors of Executors {hall anfwer to other of as much as 120. ’	'	’

they have recovered of the Goods of the firft Tefta- 3c Car.*, flat.,, tors, as the firft Executors Ihould do if they were in f-7- maUsExccu. full Life.’	tors of Executors

in their own

& M. c. 24. fee. 12. mutes Executors of Executors anfwerailefor nvajling Afjcts. Raft, 323.

* Add of Executors. _

■ 24.

CAP. VI.

A Purveyor {hall not take Timber in or about any Perfon’s Houle.

Uxint acorde eft Sc aflentu qe nul parnour de buche ou de maerifme al oeps noftre Seignur le Roi pur 9 h. 3. ftat. 1. _ overeyns ne pur autres chofes faire coupe ne abate les arbres de nully crefl’antz entour ou dedeinz fa c. 21. 14 Ed. 3. manfion Sc ft nul face au contraire face ere a la partie du damage au treble Sc eit la prifone dun an & foit '•c- *9-forjugge de fon office.	0if'	*,2LVl2*

CAP. VII.

Keepers of a Foreft or Chafe fhall gather nothing without the Owner’s Good Will.

EStre ceo eft acorde & eftabli qe nul forefter ne gardein des foreftes ou des chaces ne mil autre miniftre ne face ne coille puture ne nul autre coil-let des vitailles ne de nul autre chofe par colour de fon office contre nully volunte dcinz lour fcaillie ne dehors forfpris ce qeft due dauncien droit.

'Oreover it is accorded and ftablilhed, That no 9 //. 3.^.2, _ L Forefter, nor Keeper cf Foreft or Chafe, nor c. 7. any other Minifter, {trail make or gather Suttenance, nor other Gathering of Viftunls, nor other Thing,. by Colour of their Office, againft any Man’s Wifi, within their Bailiwick nor without, but that which is . due of old Right,’

CAP. VIII.

None fhall be bound to find Men of Arms, but by Tenure, or Grant by Parliament.

A Uxint acorde eft Sc aflentu qe nul homme foit arte de trover gentz darmes hobellers narchers autres qe ceux qe tiegnent par tiele fervice fil ne foit de commune aflent Sc grant fait en parlement.

‘ T TEM it is accorded and aflented. That no Man , 53,Sj e I Ihall be conftrained to find Men of Arms, Hoblers, c. 5.	Ed. 3.*

c nor Archers, other than thofe which hold by fuch fia’- »• c. 7-	.

c Services, if it be not by common Aflent and Grant CarErmld b 1 made in Parliament.’	to.	l\	to.

J. c. 6. Seefarthcr 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 3.	15 Car. 2. r. 4. I Ann. flat. 2. c. 23.	1 Geo, s.Jiat, i, c, 14. 7 Geo, 2. f. 23. 30 Ceo. I. c. 25. 3 iCce, 2. c. 2$,

32 Ceo, 2, c, 20./f<7,1.	33Geo, 2, c. 22 & 24. containing new Regulations of the Militia.

3	CAP.'

JScat-

J>*

Anno vicefjmo quinto Ed w.ard i III. A. D. 1350.

1r->

C A P. IX. ' '•

Auncel Weight fhall be put out, and Weighing fhall be by equal Balance.

34. Ed. 3. c. 5.

Meafures pall be according to the King 1 Standard.

£7 Ed,.3. C. 10.

infliels Penalty on him 'who does not weigh.by (quaI Balance*

Enforced and emended by 1 3 R. 2. Jfat. j, C‘9. J $$,#.£•

“ ITEM, Whereas great Damage and Deceit is “ J done to the People, for that divers Merchants ufe to buy and weigh Woolls and other Merchan-££ difes, by a Weight which iscalled Auncel-” ‘ it is ‘ aecorded and eftablifhed, That this Weight, called £ Auncel betwixt Buyers and Sellers, fhall be wholly £ put out ; (z) and that .every Perfon do fell and buy £ by the Balance, fo that the Balance be even, and the £ Woolls and other Merchandizes evenly weighed by ‘ right Weight, fo that the Sack of Wooll weigh no £ more but xxv't. Stones, and every Stone to weigh £ xiv. I. and that the Beam of the Balance do not bow £ more to the one Part than to the other; (3) and that £ the Weight be according to the Standard of the Ex-6 chequer. (4) And if any Buyer do the contrary, he £ fhall be grievoufly punifhed, as well at the Suit of the £ Party, as at the Suit of our Lord the King.’

Ex Rot.-in Turr. Lond.

ENfement pur ce qe tres grant damage Sc defeeit eft fait au poeple par tant qe plufours mar-chantz ufent dachater Sc poifer leines Sc autres marchandifes par une pois qefb appelle Aunfell’ Acorde eft Sc eftabli qe celle pois appelle Aunfell’ entre achatour et vendour foit del tout ofte & qe chefcun vend Sc achat par balances iffint qe les balances foient owels & les leines Sc autres rnarchan-difes owelment poifez par droit pois Sc qe le fak de leine lie poife qe vint Sc fys peres Sc chefcun pere poife quatorze livres & qe leftater de la balance ne encline ne a lune partie ne al autre Sc qe le pois foit acordant al eftandard del Efcheker, Et ft nul achatour face al encontre foit grevoufement puny fibien a la feute de partie come a la feute noftre Seignur le Roi.

S H. 6. c. 5-	11H,	7.	0,4.	izH.	7.	c.	5.	ami	16	Car.	1.	c.	19.	zz	Car.	2.	c.S.	22	£?23 Car. 2. c. 12. 1 Am,flat. I, c. 15. fe&, I.

C A P. X.

Every Meafure fhall be according to the King’s Standard ; and fhall be ftriked without Heap;

faving the Rents of Lords.

9 K. 3, ilat, 1,

c. 2$;

cc

<c

«.

(6

c

c

♦ Omit the 4 Word and. { Juftices fhall inquire of and 4 pVinifh the Of- c fenders. •	<

4rd.3.c. 6. t See the Re- , t fertrees to the JbregoirgCbaptcr*

% .Read c. 4.

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Great Charter, that one Meafure fhall be throughout England, which Charter hath not been well kept and holden in this Point in Times paft£ (z) it is accorded and affented, That all the Meafures, that is to fay, Bufhels, Balf-buftiels, Peck, Gallon, Pottle, and Quart, throughout England, within Franchifes and without, fliall be according to the King’s Standard; (3) and the Quarter Aral] contain Eight Bufhels by the Standard, and no more. (4) And every Meafure of Corn fhall be ftriken without Heap, faving the Rents and Fcrms of Lords, which fhall be mcafured by fuch Meafures as they were wont in Times paft. (5) And the Purveyors of the King, of the Queen, and all other, fliall make their- Purveyances by the fame Meafure ftriked in the fame Manner, and at all Times that fhall be needful. (6) * And our Lord the King fhall affign certain Juftices in every County to inquire, hear, and determine upon the Points aforefaid, and upon the fame to do Puniftiment according to the Trefpafs, as well at the Party’s Suit, as at the King’s; (7) fo always, that all Manner of Franchifes be faved to the Lords in all Points without Blemifh to be made in any Manner.’

AUxint come contenue foit en la Grande Char-tre qe une mefure foit ufee parmy tout En-gleterre la qucle ehartre nad mie efte tenu bien en ceo point avant fes heures fi eft acorde & aflentu-qe touz les mefures ceft afavoir buffel dimid’ buftel Sc peck galon potel Sc quart par toute Engleterre deinz franchife& dehors foient acordauntz al eftandard noftre Seignur le Roi Sc contiegne le quartre oet bufi’elx par [eftandard Sc nient pluis. Et foit chefcune mefure de blee rafe fanz comble fauvez les rentes Sc fermes des Seignurs queles foient mefures par tiele mefure come eles folcient avant ces heures. Et facent les purveours le B.oi nia dame la Roigne & touz autres lours purveances par meifmes les mefures rafes Sc en meifme la manere Et a toutes les foitz qe meftier ferra Noftre Seignur le Roi aflignera eertcines Juftices en chefcune countee denqueer Sc doier & terminer fur les pointz fuifditz Sc de faire fur ee due, puniflement folonc chefcun trefpas fibien a la feute de partie come a la feute le Roi. Iflint "totes foitz qe toutes maneres des franchifes foient fauvez as Seignurs en toutz pointz faunz nul emblemiftement ent faire en quecumqe manere.

XI.

CAP.

Aid to make the King’s Son Knight, or to marry his Daughter.

-3 Ed. j. c. 36. TJ Stre ceo acorde eft Sc affentu qe renable eid pur faire leifne fitz le Roi chivaler Sc fa eifnefee fill marier 10/ foit demande & leve folonc la forme del eftatut ent fait & nemie en autre manere ceft affavoir de chefi /itr 1 r cun ^ee tenue du R°i faunz meen vint fouldz Sc nient plus & de chefcun vint livree de terre tenue du Roi a. id11'ar' *’ faunz raeen en fokage vint fouldz Sc nient plus.

C A P.

A. D. 1350. Anno vicefimo quinto Edward 1 III.

Stat. 5.	265

cap. xn.

No Perfon {hall take Profit by Exchange of Gold or Silver.

Ex Rot. in Tiirr. Lond.

ENfement acorde eft & eftabli qe bien life a chefcun homme de chaunger or pur argent ou pur or ou argent pur argent ou pur or iffint qe nul homme tiegne commune efchaunge ne rien preigne de profit pur tie! efchaunge faire fur peine de for-faiture de la monoie iffint chaungee forprifes les chaungeours le Roi les queux preignent profit pur tide efchaunge folonc lordinance avant faite.

ITEM it is accorded, That it {hall be lawful for The Value, &c.

every Man to exchange Gold for Silver, or Silver 10 be declared for Gold, or for Gold and Silver, fo that no Man * hold the fame as exchanged, nor take no Profit for * HoM a com-' making fuch Exchange, upon Pain of Forfeiture of mon Exchange, the Money fo exchanged ; except the King’s Exchangers, which take Profit of fuch Exchange, ac. Enforced by cording to the Ordinance afore made.’	37-.c‘ b‘ , ,

°	which is repealed

by 37 H. 8. c. 9. And fee 13 Elix% c, 8. whub revives the foregoing Statute*

CAP. XIII.

The Money of Gold or Silver now current fliall not be impaired.

AUxint acorde eft & eftabli qe la monoie dor & dargent qore coert ne foit mie empire en pois nen alai mes au plus toft qe homme pufle trover bone voie qele foit mys en launcien eftat come en efterling.

JTEM it is accorded, That the Money of Gold 3 Inr*- »7»

ney Jhall not be current. Monty in Payment«

and Silver which now runneth, fhall not be im- 51 H.$.jlat. r; 4 paired in Weight nor in Allay; but as foon as a good 4 Way may be found, the fame be put in the antient zJnn- 311.5?7* ‘ State, as in the Sterling.’

$£liz. c. II, and Eliz. c. 2. Clipping or IJJiningof Money made Treafon, 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 19. inf ids Penalty on Receiver of clipped

C A P. XIV.

What Procefs fhall be awarded againft him that is indi&ed of Felony.

ET auxint eft acorde & aftentu qe apres ceo qe afeun homme foit endite de felonie devant Juftices en lour feflions doier et terminer foit co-mande ou vifeont dattacher fon corps par brief ou precept qeft appelle Capias & le vifeount retourn en le dit brief ou precept qe le corps ne foit mie tro-vee meintenant foit autre brief ou precept de Capias fait retournable as trois fymeignes apres. Et en meifme le brief ou precept foit compris qe le vifeount face feifir les chateaux & les fauvement gar-der tanqe a jour de brief ou precept retournable. Et fi le vifeount refpoigne qe le corps neft pas tro-vee ne lendite vient point foit lexigend agarde & foient les chateux forfaitz ficome la lei de la co-rone demand Mes fil viegne & fe rend ou foit pris par vifeount ou par autre miniftre devant le re-tourne del fecunde Capias adonqes foient les biens Sc- les chateux fauvez.

4 TTEM it is accorded. That after any Man be in-4 A difted of Felony before the Juftices in their Sef-4 fions to hear and determine, it {hall he commanded 4 to the Sheriff" to attach his Body by Writ or by Pre-4 cent, which is called a Capias. (2) And if the She- Fitz. Procefs,-‘ rift return in the fame Writ or Precept, that the Body I93*.

4 is not found, another Writ or Precept of Capias fhall 4 be incontinently made, returnable at three Weeks 4 after. (3) And in the fame Writ or Precept it {hall 4 be comprifed, that the Sheriff"fhall caufe to be feifed 4 his Chatties, and fafely to keep them till the Day of 4 the Writ or Precept returned. (4) And if the She-4 riff" return, that the Body, is not found, and the In-4 didfee cometh not, the Exigend fhall be awarded,

4 and the Chatties {hall be forfeit, as the Law of the 4 Crown ordaineth ; (3) but if he come and yield him-4 felf, or be taken by the Sheriff", or by other Minifter,

4 before the Return of the fecond Capias, then the 4 Goods and Chatties fhall be faved.’

CAP. XV.

The Penalty of a Purveyor taking more Sheep than be needful.

ENfement pur ce qe les achatours & parnours des prifes le Roi parnent berbitz du poeple par entre la Pafch’ & la feft de Seint Johan od les leines & les fount prifer a mene pris & puis les mandent a lours mefons demefne & les fount tounder a lour profit demefne en deceit du Roi & grant oppreflion du ooeple ii eft acorde & afientuz qe nul des tieux purveours parnours & achatours ne preigne nules berbitz levant la feifone du toundefon forfqe a tantz qe purront fuffire refonablement tantqe au temps du toundi-ion Sc apres cel temps preigne il a tantz de berbitz tounduz & nemie autres come purront fuffire refonable-ment pur le temps avenir. Et fi nul purveour parnour ou achatour du Roialme face al encontre & de ceo Toit atteint a la feute le Roi ou de partie foit fait de lui come de laron ou de robbour & foit la peine contenueoj/. A^nCar.aj n chefcune commifiion des tieux purveours,	c,	*4.

VOL. I.

M m

CAP.

Anno vicefimo quinto Edwardi III; A.D. 1350.

CAP. XVI.

The Exception of Nontenure of 'Parcel fhall not abate the whole Writ.

36 H. 6. f. 15. Bro. Nonten. *33, <0, 50. Kaft, 440.

4 Y TEM it is accorded, That by the Exception of ‘ 1 Nontenure of Parcel no Writ fhal] be abated, ‘ but for Quantity of the Nontenure which is alledged.’

Ex Rot. in Tun\ Lond.

Uxint acorde eft & affentu qe par exception __ de nountenure de parcell null brief foit abatu forfqe pur la quantite de la nountenure qeft alegge.

C A P. XVII.

Procefs of Exigent fhall be awarded in Debt, Detinue, and Replevin.

JL be made in a Writ of Debt and Detinue of Chatties, and taking of Beafts, by Writ of Capias, and by Procefs of Exigend by the Sheriff’s Return, as is ufed in a Writ of Accompt.’

ces foit fait en brief de dette deteneu des cha-teux & en prifes des avers par brief de Capias & par proces dexigend par retourn de vifcount ficome eft ufee en brief dacompt.

21H. 6. f. 45. * ITEM it is accorded. That fuch Procefs fhall ! T7* Nfement acorde eft & affentue qe autiele pro-

*"0 Ed * f Q ^ ® l->o	In	o	IA7"	n t r\£ FlnKt on/d Floftnuo nf D'1 h -a	‘ V. » a PPO fim t foit an kriof do dotto dolanon doc oho _

7 Ed. 'Jf. g.

Fitz# Procefs,

72, 115, 121, a 16. Regift. 81,

&c.	2	Bultfr.	63.	1	Salk.	18.	Raft.	149.	z Leon. 85. By 19 H.j. c. 9. like Procefs is given on Cafe, 4©* 5 IK 3. c. 22, Proclamation at the Time of 'the

Exigent in criminal Cafes to be delivered to the Sheriff three Months before Return,

CAP. XVIII.

Villenage may be pleaded, and a Villein feifed, though a Libertate probanda be depending.

o B.

26 Ed. 3. f. 73. Stre ceo acorde eft & affentue qe nient contreefteant adjournement faite en Eire par brief de Liber-rit^vllle 49’e AJj tate probanda purchacee en favour des niefs pur delaier les Seignurs de lours a&ions devers tieux niefs 39/47.' ena£e’ foient les Seignurs receux dalegger exceptions de villenage centre lours vileins en toutz briefs Je quel qe les ditz briefs de Libertate probanda foient purchacez par deceit ou en autre manere & qe les Seignurs puflent Regift. S7. feifir les corps de lours vileins auxibien come ils purroient devant qe tieux briefs de Libertate probanda feu-Raft. 401, rent ordenez & purchacez.

CAP. XIX.

By the King’s Prote&ion the Parties Suit fhall not be hindered, but his Execution.

Cro. Jac. 477. Hobb. 115.

3\Ed, flat, I.

Co. Lit. 131. b.

The Creditors ■or.d''riaking for the King’s Debt.

See farther con -cerrirg Protec-hot»s, 1 R. 2. r. S. 13 R. 2. flat, t. c, 16.	7	II,	4.

TEM, Forafmuch as our Lord the King hath made before this Time Protections to divers Peo-“ pie, which were bounden to him in fome Manner of 44 Debt, that they fhould not be impleaded of the “ Debts which they owed to other, till they had made 44 Gree to our Lord the King of that which to him was 44 due by them, by reafon of his Prerogative; and fo “ during fuch Protections no Man hath ufed, nor durft “ implead fuch Debtors 4 (2) it is accorded and 4 aftented, That notwithftanding fuch Protections, the ‘ Parties which have ACtions againft their Debtors, ‘ fhall be anfwered in the King’s Court by their Debt-‘ ors; (3) and if Judgement be thereupon given for ‘ the Plaintiff or Demandant, the Execution of the ‘ fame Judgement fhall be put in Sufpence till Gree be 4 made to the King of his Debt. (+ J And if the Cre-4 ditors will undertake for the King’s Debt, they fhall 4 be thereunto'received, and fhall have Execution a-4 gainft the Debtors of the Debt due and adjudged to 4 them, and alfo fhall recover againft them as much as 4 they fhall pay to the King for them.’

9II. 5. flat. I, c. 3.	4//, 6. 1. 2.	3//. 6. c, 13. 23 H. 6.	16.

c. 4.

A Uxint come noftre Seignur le Roi eit avant ces heures fait protections as diverfes gentz qe lui eftoifent tenuz en afeun manere des dettes qils ne ferront mie ernpiedez des dettes queles ils devient as autres tanqe ils euffent fait gre a noftre Ssignur le Roi de ceo qe lui eftoit due par eux par refoun de fa prerogative & iflint durantes tieles protections nul homme ad efte ofee dempleder tieux dettours acorde eft & affentue qe nient contreefteant tieles protections les parties qount actions a lours dettours foient refponduz en la Court le Roi par lours dettours & fi juggement foit fur ceo rendu pur le pleintif ou demandant foit lexecution de cel juggement mys en fufpens tanqe gre foit foit au Roi de fa dette. Et fi les creanfours voillent emprendre pur la dette le Roi foient ils a ceo re-ceuz & outre eient execution devers lours dettours de dette a eux due & auxint recoverent devers eux tant come ils paieront pur eux au Rok

14 Ed. 4. c. 2.

CAP. XX.

Plate of Gold and Silver fhall be received into the King’s Mint by Weight, and not by Number ; and fo fhall the Money be returned.

ENfement acorde eft & aflentue qe les moncours & autres gardeins & miniftres de la monqie receivent plat dor & dargent par pois & en meif-

®e

* TTEM it is accorded and affented. That the Mo-J. neyors, and other Wardens and Minifters of the v Monty fhall receive Plate of Gold and Silver by the

Stat. 5,	267

Ex Rot in Turr. Lond. me la manere deliverent les monoics quant eles ferront faitz par pois & nemie par nombre faunz nully targer.

£ Weight; and in the fame Manner fhall deliver the £ Money when it fhall be made by Weight, and not £ by Number, without any tarrying.’

CAP. XXI.

The King’s Butlers fhall purvey no more Wine than fhall be appointed.

EStre ce come avant ces heures les botillers 0 noftre Seignur le Roi & lours deputees fo-leient prendre &c parnent de jour en autre moult plus des vyns par colour de lour office al oeps no-ftr'e Seignur le Roi qil ne bofoigneroit des queux les plus fiebles i's deliverent al oeps noftre Seignur le Roi & les meillours en grant nombre ils rctie-

fnent devers eux a vendre & a faire ent lour pro-t & a la foitz ils relelTent as marchantz'ces qils ount pris de cux pur fines & dounes qils prei-gnent de mciimes les marchantz par extorfion en grant damage & empoveriflcment des ditz marchantz fi eft acorde & eftabli qc le Sencfchal del Hoftiel Is Roi & le Treforer de la Garderobe mandent as touz les portz dEnglcterre la ou vyns font a prendre al oeps le Roi le certein nombre qe le botiller prendra en chefcun port fi qe rien foit pris outre cel nombre & qe meir Sc baillifs des ditz portz ccrtifientles ditz Senefchal & Treforer le nombre des toneux iffint prifes par le botiller ou -fes lieutenantz fouz les feals des ditz meir St bailiifs St par endenture faite entre eux & les parnours des ditz vines. Et cn cas qil foit trove qe le botiller ou fes lieu tenantz preignent plus ou preignent lower de nully ou delaie nully par colour de fon office come par areft face gre de double a la partie St foit oufte de fon office Sc eit la prifon & foit reint a la voluntc le Roi St le Roi affignera fes Juftices quant lui plcrra denquere fur ceftes chofes & refpoigne le botiller fibien pur fes deputees come pur lui meifmes la ou ils ne font mie fufficeantz.

“ TTEM, Whereas before, this Time the King’s “ J. Butlers and their Deputies were .wont to take,

“ and daily do take, much more Wine, by Colour of “ their Office, to the King’s Ufe, than they fhall need,

“ whereof the worft they deliver to the King’s Ufe,

“ and the belt in great Number they retain to them-“ felves, to fell and make thereof their Profit; and “ fometime they releafe to Merchants that which they “ have taken of them, for Fines and Gifts, which ££ they take of the fame Merchants by Extortion, to “ the great Damage and Impoverifnment of the faid 44 Merchants;” £ (2) it is accorded. That the Stew-£ ard of the King’s Houfe, and Treafurer of the Ward-

*	robe, fhall fend to all the Ports of England, where

*	Wines be to be taken to the King’s Ufe, the certain ‘ Number which the Butler fhall take in every Port,

‘ fo that nothing be taken over this Number; (3) and £ that the Mayor and Bailiffs of the faid Ports certify 4 the faid Steward and Treafurer of the Number of all 4 the Tuns fo taken by the Butler or his Lieutenant,

£ under the Seal of the faid Mayor and Bailiffs, by In-£ dentures made betwixt them and the Takers of the £ faid Wines. (4) And in cafe that it be found, that 4 the Butler or his Lieutenant take more, or take Rer £ ward of any, or delay any by Colour of his Office,

£ as by Arreft, he fhall make Gree to the Party of the c' double, and fhall he put out of his Office, and-have £ Imprifonment, and be ranfomed at the King’s Will.

£ (;) And the King fhall affign his Juftices when it £ llrall pleafe him, to enquire upon thefe Things;

£ (6) And the Butler fhall anfwer as well for his De- Enforced by £ puties as for himfelf, where they be not fufficient.’ 43

r	J	sJmcndcd	by

6 Geo. 1. c. 12.

CAP. XXII.

He that purchafeth a Provifion in Rome for an Abbey, fhall be out of the King’s Protection, and any Man may do.with him as with the King’s Enemy.

AUxint pur ce qe afeuns purchacent a la Court de Rome provifions davoir abbeies & priories en Engle- Confirmed by

terre en deftrudtion du Roialme & de feinte religion acorde eft & aflentue qe chefcun qe purchafe tieles 33 Ed.^.jiat. 2. provifions dabbeie ou de priorie qe lui et fes executours et procuratours qe fuent et fount execution de tieles r-provifions foient hors de la protection noftre Seignur le Roi et qe homrne pufle faire de luicorrie de enemy E"Pr'eiby ^ du Roi et du Roialme et qe celui qe face contre tiels provifours en corps ou biens ou en autres pofleffions I "j J. j” foit excufe devers touz gentz et par tant ne foit james greve nempefehee au feute de nully.	16 R.. j. V. 3.

and altp,»cO

CAP. XXIII.	SEU2.C.,,.

The Debt of a Lombard unpaid fhall be fatisfied by his Company.

AUxint pur ce qe plufurs gentz du Roialme qont fait contractes ove Lumbardz qe font nomez des com- o B.

. paignies demorantz en meifrne le Roialme queux Lombardz apres qils, ount fait lours obligations a lours creanfours fe font fodeinement efehapez hors du Roialme faunz gre faire a les ditz creanfours en deceit et grant damage du poeple acorde eft et aflentuz qe fi nul marchant de compaignie conue fe oblige par la manere qe la compaignie refpoigne de la dette iifint qe autre marchant qi neft mie de la compaignie ne foit par tant grevez nempefehez.

De proclamations Statuti.

REX vicecomiti Kantii falutem. Quedam ftatuta in parliamento noflro apud Weftm’ in fefto fandli Hil-larii proximo preterito convocato per nos prelatos duces comites barones et alios de communicate regni

M in 2	noitri

268

Stat. 5.

Anno vicefimo quinto Edward 1 III. A. D. 1350.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

noftri Anglie ad dibtum parliamentum fummonitos edita tibi mittimus fub pede figilli noftri mandantes quod ftatuta predidla in pleno comitatu tuo legi et ea firmiter obfervari et teneri facias. T. R. apud Weftm’ vi. die Mart.

ConfmiUa brevia diriguntur fingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam ful eadem data.

Confunilc breve dirigitur Jufic Hibcrn mutatis mutandis fub eadem data.

ConfmiUa brevia diriguntur fubfcriptis fub eadem data videlicet JVillielmo de Share/hull & fociis fuis ju/litiariis ad placita coram rege tenenda ajjignatis. Johanni de Stonore & fociis fuis jujhciariis de communi banco.

Thefaurario & baronibus de fcaccario.

A Statute of Provifions of Benefices, made Anno 25 Edw. III. Stat. 6.

and Anno Dom. 1350.

The King and other Lords fhall prefent unto Benefices of their own, or their Anceftors Foundation, and not the Bifhop of Rome.

3 Inft. 127# a Roll 4.59. Raft. 2.

Star. Carlifle, 35 Ed. 1. c. 4. feth 3.

The Caufes why the Kings and Noblemen of the Realm did give Lands to Hi (hops and ether Prelates.

cc

((

u

HEREAS late in the Parliament of good Memory of Edward King of England, Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is, the * xxv Year of his Reign, holden at Car-life, the Petition heard, put before the faid Grandfather and his Council in his faid Parliament by the Commonalty of the faid Realm, containing. That whereas the holy Church of England was founded in the Eftate of Prelacy, within the Realm of England, hy the faid Grandfather and his Progenitors, and the Earls, Barons and other Nobles of his faid Realm, and their Anceftors, to inform them and the People of the Law of God, and to make Hofpita-lities, Alms, and other Works of Charity, in the Places where the Churches were founded, for the Souls of the Founders, their Heirs, and all Chri-ftians ; (2) and certain Pofleffions, as well in Fees, Lands, Rents, as in Advowfons, which do extend to a great Value, were affigned by the faid Founders to the Prelates and other People of the holy Church of the faid Realm, to fuftain the fame Charge, and efpecially of the Pofleffions which were affigned to Archbifhops, Bilhops, Abbots, Priors, Religious, and all other People of holy Church, hy the Kings of the faid Realm, Earls, Barons, and other great Men of his Realm ; (3) the fame Kings, Earls, Barons and other Nobles, as Lords and Advowees, have had and ought to have the Cuftody of fuch Voidances, and the Prefentinents and the Collations

“ of the Benefices being of fuch Prelacies.

The Pope Le- “ II. And the faid Kings in Times paft were wont ftowed fpiritual “ to have the greateft Part of their Council, for the Liwigs upon “ Safeguard of the Realm when they had Need, of dwemiAn <C	b>re'ates and Clerks fo advanced ; (2) the

England. “ Bifhop of Rome, accroching to him the Seigniories “ of fuch Pofleffions and Benefices doth give and grant “ the fame Benefices to Aliens, which did never dwell “ in England, and to Cardinals, which might not “ dwell here, and to other as well Aliens as Denizens, “ as if he had been Patron or Advowee of the faid Dig-“ nities and Benefices, as he was not of Right by the The Inconve- “ Law of England; * whereby if they fhould be fuf-r.ienchs enduing “ fered, there fhould fcarccly lie any Benefice within theic.n,	“	a fhort Time in the faid Realm, but that it fhould

“ be in the Hands of Aliens and Denizens by virtue of “ fuch Provifions, againft the good Will and Difpofi-“ tion of the Founders of the fame Benefices ; (3) and “ fo the Elections of Archbifhops, Bifhops, and other “ Religious fhould fail, and the Alms, Hofpitalities, and other Works of Charity, which fhould be done

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. r*.

COME jadis en le parlement de bone memoire Sire Edward Roi dEngleterre Ael noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft lan de fon regne trentifme quint a Kardoil tenuz oie la petition mife devant le dit Ael & fon confeil en le dit parlement par la communalte de fon Roialme contenant qe come feinte eglife dEngleterre foit founde en eftat de prelacie deins le Roialme dEngleterre par le dit Ael & fes Progenitours & Countes Barons & Nobles de fon Roialme & lour anceftres pur eux & le poeple enfourmer de la lei Dieu & pur faire hofpi-talites aumoignes & autres oevres de charite es lieux ou les eglifes feurent foundes pur les almes de foundours & de lour heirs & de touz Criftiens & certeins pofleffions tant en feez terres & rentes come en-avowefons qe fe extendent a grande value par les ditz foundours feurent affignez as Prelatz & autres gentz de feinte eglife du dit Roialme pur cele charge fuftenir Sc nomement des pofleffions qe feurent affignez as Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbes Pri-ours Religious & autres gentz de feinte eglife par les Rois du dit Roialme Countes Barons & autres Nobles de fon Roialme meifmes les Rois Countes Barons & Nobles come Seignurs & avowes euflent & aver deuflent la garde de tieles voidances & les prefentementz & collations des benefices efteanta des tieles prelacies.

Et les ditz rois en temps paffe foloient'aver la greindre partie de lour confeils pur la falvation du roialme quant ils en eurent mefter de tiels prelatz & clercs iffint avances Le Pape de Rome acrochant a lui la Seignurie de tieles pofleffions & benefices meifmes les benefices dona & graunta as aliens qi unqes ne demurerent el roialme dEngleterre & as Cardinalx qe y demurer ne purroient & as autres tant aliens come denzeins autrefi come il euft efte patron en avowe des dite^dignites & benefices come il ne feuft de droit felcnc la lei dEngleterre par les queux fils feuflent foefFertz a peine demurroit af-cun benefice en poi de temps el dit roialme qil ne ferroit es meins daliens & denzeins par vertue de tieles provifions contre la bone volunte & difpofi-tion des foundours de meifmes les benefices & iffint les elcdfions des Ercevefqes Evefches Sc autres religious faudroient & les almoignes hofpitalitcs & autres oevres de charite qe ferroient faitz as ditz lieux ferroient fuftretes le dit Ael & autres lais patrons

* Read 35ti,

Stat. 6.	269

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. trons en temps de tieles voidances perderoient lour prefentementz le dit confeil periroit Sc biens fanz nombre ferroient emportes hors du roialme en ad-nullation del eftat de feinte eglife dEngleterre Sc defheritefon du dit Ael Sc des Countes Barons Sc nobles Sc en offens Sc deftrudfion des lois Sc droi-tures de fon roialme Sc grant damage de fon poeple S: fubverfion del eftat de tut fon roialme fufdit Sc contre la bone difpofition Sc volunte des primers foundours del aflent des Countees Barons nobles Sz tute la dite communalte a lour inftante requefte confideres les damages Sc grevances fufdites en le dit plener parlement feuft purveu ordine Sc eftabli qe les dites grevances oppreflions Sc damages en meifme le roialme des adonqes mes ne ferroient foeftertz en afcun manere. Et ja monftre foit a noftre Seignur le Roi en ceft parlement tenuz a Weftm’ a les oetaves de la Purification de noftre Dame lan de fon regne dEngleterre vintifme quint Si de France dufzifme par le greveufe pleinte de toute la communalte de fon roialme qe les grevances Si mefchiefs fufditz fabondent de temps en temps a plus grant damage Si deftru&ion de tut le roialme plus qe unqes ne firent ceft aflaver qore de novel noftre feint Piere le Pape par procurement des clercs Sc autrement ad refervee Sc referve de jour en autre a fa collation generalment Sc efpecial-ment fibien Ercevefchees Evefchees Abbeies Sc Priories come totes dignetes Sc autres benefices dEngleterre qe font del avowerie de gentz de feinte eglife Sc les doune auxibien as aliens come as den-zeins Sc prent de touz tiels benefices les primeres fruitz Sc autres profitz plufours Sc grande partie du trefor del roialme fi eft emporte & defpcndu hors, du roialme par les purchaceours de tieles graces & auxint par tieles refervaticns prives- plufours. clercs avances en cefte roialme par lour verroies. patrons qe ont tenuz lour avancementz par long temps pe-fiblement font fodeinement oftes fur quoi la dite comraunaltee ad prie a. noftre Seignur le Roi qe deficome le droit de la Corone dEngleterre Sc la loi du dite roialme font tieles qe fur mefchiefs Sc damages qe fi aviegnont a fon roialme il doit Sc eft tenuz par fon ferement del acord de fon poeple en fon parlement faire ent remede Sc lei en oftant les mefchiefs Sc damages qenfi aviegnont qe lui pleife de ce ordiner remede.

Noftre Seignur le Roi veiant les mefchiefs Si damages fufnomes Sc eant regard al dit eftatut fait en temps fon dit Ael Sc a les caufes contenues en ycele le quel eftatut tient touz jours fa force & ne feuft unqes defait ne anulli en nul point & pur tant eft il tenuz par fon ferement del faire garder come la loi de fon roialme coment qe par foeffrance Sc negligence ad efte puis attempte a contraire Sc auxint eant regard a les grevoufes pleintes a lui faites par fon poeple en fes divers parlementz cea enarere tenuz voillantz les trefgrantz damages & mefchiefs qe font avenuz et viegnont de jour en autre a la Eglife dEngleterre par la dite caufe remede ent ordiner par aflent de touz les grantz et la communalte 3

“ in the faid Places, fhould be withdrawn, the faid “ Grandfather, and other Lay-Patrons, in the Time “ of fuch Voidances, fhould lofe their Prefentments,

“ the faid Council fhould perifh, and Goods without “ Number fhould be carried out of the Realm, in Ad-“ nullation of the Eftate of the holy Church of Eng-“ land, and Difherifon of the faid Grandfather, and “ the Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of the faid “ Realm, and in Offence and Deftrudtion of the Laws “ and Rights of his Realm, and to the great Damage “ of his People, and in Subverfion of all the Eftate of “ his faid Realm, and againft the good Difpofition and “ Will of the firft Founders: (4) By the Aflent of “ the Earls, Barons, and other Nobles, and of all the “ faid Commonalty, at their Inftances and Requefts,

“ the Damage and Grievances afore confidered, in the “ faid full Parliament it was ordained, provided, efta-“ blifhed, agreed, adjudged, and confidered, That the “ faid Gppreflions, Grievances, and Damages in the “ fame Realm from henceforth fhould not be fulfered “ in any Manner. (;) And now it is fliewed to our “ Lord the King in this prefent Parliament holden at ec WeJhninJUr, at the Utas of the Purification of our “ Lady, the Five and twentieth Year of his Reign of “ England, and of France the Twelfth, by the grievous-“ Complaints of all the Commons of his Realm, that “ the Grievances and Mifchiefs aforefaid do daily a-“ bound, to the greater Damage and Deftrudtion of;

“ all his Realm of England, more than ever were.be--“ fore, viz. that now of late the Biftiop of Rome, by The p°Pe ?‘veth “ Procurement of Clerks and'otherwife, hath refetved, t!'e J3,?nefifes “ and doth daily.referve to his Collation generally and refervethrCthe ^

“ efpecially, as well Archbifhopricks, Bifhoprieks, Ab- firft Fruits ie “ beys, and Priories, as all other Dignities and other himfelf,

“ Benefices of England^- which be of the Advowry of “ People of holy. Church, and give the fame as well to “ Aliens as to Denizens, and taketh of all fuch Bene-“ fices the firft Fruits, and many other Profits, and a “ great Part of the Treafure of’the faid Realm is car-“ ried away and difpended out of the Realm, hy the “ Purchafers of fuch Benefices and Graces aforefaid ;

“ (6) and alfo by fuch privy Refervations many Clerks-“ advanced in this Realm by their true Patrons, which “ have peaceably holden their Advancements by long , “ Time, be fuddenly put out: (7) Whereupon the 1 “ faid Commons have prayed our faid Lord the King,.

“ that fith the Right of the Crown of England, and “ the Law of the faid Realm is fuch, that upon the “ Mifchiefs and Damages which happen to his Realm,.

“ he ought, and is bound by his Oath, with the Ac-“ cord of his People in his Parliament thereof.to make “ Remedy and Law, and in removing the Mifchiefs-“ and Damages which thereof enfue, that it may,-“ pleafe him thereupon to ordain Remedy.

“ III. Our Lord the King, feeing-the Mifchiefs and The Caufes ani -“ Damage before mentioned, and having Regard to R“l?ns “ the faid Statute made in the Time of his faid Grand- this “ father, and to the Caufes contained in the fame;

“ v/hich Statute holdeth always his Force, and was lies-“ ver defeated, * repealed, nor adnulled in any Point, * Nil in Oii$,

“ and by fo much as he is bounden by his Oath to “ caufe the fame to be kept as the Law of his Realm,

“ though that by Sufferance and Negligence it hath “ been fithence attempted to the contrary; (2) alfo '

“ having Regard to the grievous Complaints made to “ him by his People in divers his Parliaments holden “ heretofore, willing to ordain Remedy for the great “ Damages and Mifchiefs which have happened, and

. 4 daily

Anno vicefimo quinto Edwardi III. A. D. 1350.

44 daily do happen to the Church of England by the 44 faid Caufe4 (3) by the Affent of all the Great 4 Men and the Commonalty of the faid Realm, to the 4 Honour of God, and Profit of the faid Church of lleftions of the 4 England, and of all his Realm, hath ordered and Dignities of the ‘ ftablifhed, That the free Elections of Archbifhops, Chm-ch ihsli he ( Bifhops, and all other Dignities and Benefices elec-tvere fui.iikd. 4 t've >n England, fhall hold from henceforth in the 4 Manner as they were granted by the King’s Progeni-4 tors, and the Anceftors of other Lords, Founders of Tut eons ami 4 the laid Dignities and other Benefices. (4) And that rounders of c a]] pie]atcS and other People of holy Church, which ofthe Church * have Advowfons of any Benefices of the King’s and their Heirs’, ‘ Gift, or of any of his Progenitors, or of other Lords fhall have the 4 and Donors, to do Divine Services, and other Char-Collation orPre- t ges thereof ordained, fhall have their Collations and fentation to c Prefentments freely to the fame, in the Manner as 9 H.V'ftal™! ' 1 they were enfeoffed by their Donors. (5) And in c. -'3.'	’ ' 4 cafe that Refervation, Collation, or Provifion be

11 H. 4. f. 37, 4 made by the Court of Rome, of any Archbifhoprick, 59> 76-	4 Bifhoprick, Dignity, or other Benefice, in Difturb-

4 ance of the free Eledions, Collations, or Prefenta-4 tions aforenamed, that at the fame Time of the Where the Pope ‘ Voidance, that fuch Refervations, Collations, and rnaketh Provi- c pr0V;f10ns ought to take Effed, our Lord the King of "the Church1,^ ‘ arul his Heirs fhall have and enjoy for the fame Time the King ftull’ 4 the Collations to the Archbifliopricks and other Dig-prefent.	4 nities dedive, which be of his Advowry, fuch as

4 his Progenitors had before that free Election was 4 granted, fince that the Election was firft granted by 4 the King’s Progenitors upon a certain Eorm and 4 Condition, as to demand Licence of the King to 4 chufc, and after the Eledion to have his Royal Af-4 lent, and net in other Manner; which Conditions 4 not kept, the Thing ought by Reafon to refort to his f firft Nature.

4 IV. And if any fuch Refervation, Provifion, or 4 Collation be made of any Houfe of Religion of the 4 King’s Advowry, in Diiturbance of free Eledion,

4 our Sovereign Lord the King, and his Heirs, fhall 4 have for that Time the Collation to give this Dignity 4 to a convenient Ferfon. (z) And in cafe that Col-4 lation, Refervation, or Provifion be made by the 4 Court of Rome of any Church, Prebend, or other 4 Benefices, which be of the Advowry of People of 4 holy Church, whereof the King is Advowee Para-4 mount immediate, that at the fame Time of the 4 Voidance, at which Time the Collation, Referva-4 tion, or Provifion ought to take Effedt as afore is faid,

4 the King and his Heirs thereof fhall have the Pre-4 fentment or Collation for that 'Lime. (3J And fo 4 from time to time, whenfoever fuch People of holy 4 Church fhall be difturbed of their Prefentments or 4" Collations, by fuch Refervations, Collations, or Pro>-4 viiions, as afore is laid ; faving to them the Right of 4 their Advowfons and their Prefentments, when no 4 Collation or Provifion of the Court of Rome is thereof : made, where that the faid People of holy Church 4 fhall or will to the fame Benefices prefent or make 4 Collation ; and that their Prefentees may enjoy the 44 Zt. 3. f. 36. 4 Effedt of their Collations or Prefentments. (4) And 4 in the fame Manner every other Lord, of what Con-4 dition that he be, fhall have the Collations or Pre-4 fentments to the Houfes of Religion which be of his 4 Advowry, and other Benefices of holy Church which Ti« Penalties 4 be pertaining to the fame Houfes. (5) And if fuch y' p?c-*h*a 4 Advowees do not prefent to fuch Benefices within the from Rome do * half Year after fuch Voidanccs, nor the Bifhop of the

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. de fon dit roialme A1 honur de Dieu et profit de la dite eglife dEngleterre et de tut ion roialme ad ordine et eftabli qe les franches eledions des Erce-vefehees Evefchees et tutes autres dignites et benefices dedifs en Engleterre fetiegnentdefore en ma-nere come eles feurent grantes par les progenitours nofire dit Seignur le Roi et par les aunceftres dau-tres Seignurs foundes. Et qe touz prelatz et autres gentz de feinte eglife qi ont avowefons de que-conqes benefices des douns noftre Seignur le Roi et de fes progenitours ou dautres Seignurs et do-nours pur faire divines fervices et autres charges ent ordines eient lour collations etprefentementz fran-cbement en mancre come i!s eftoient feffes par lour donours. Et en cas qe dafeune Ercevefchee Evef-chee dignite ou autre quecunqe benefice foit-refervation collation ou provifion faite par la court de Rome en deftourbance des eledions collations ou prefentations fufnomes qe a meifme les temps des voidances qe tides refervations collations et provi-fions deufent prendre effeit qe a meifme la voidance noftre Seignur le Roi et fes heirs eient et en-joicent pur cele foitz les collations as Ercevefchees Evefchees et autres dignites dedives qe font de fa-vowerie autieles come fes progenitours avoient avant qe franche eledion feuft graunte deficome les elections feurent primes grantez par les progenitours le Roi fur certeines forme et condition come a deman-der du Roi conge de eflir et puis apres la eledion da-ver fon affent roial et nemye en autre manere les queles conditions nyent gardez la chofe doit par refon refortir a fa primere nature.

Et qe ft dafeune mefon de religion del avowerie le Roi foit tide refervation collation ou provifion faite en deftourbance de.franche eledion eit noftre Seignur le Roi et fes heirs a cele foitz la collation a doner cele dignite a perfone covenable. Et en cas qe refervation collation ou provifion foit faite a la court de Rome de nule eglife provende ou autre benefice qe font del avowerie des genz de feinte efglife dont le Roi eft: avowe paramount immediat qe a mefme le temps de voidance a quel temps la refervation collation ou provifion deufent prendre effeit come defus eft dit qe le Roi et fes heirs de ce eient le prefentement ou collation a cele foitz. Et iflint de temps en temps a totes les foitz qe tides gentz de feinte eglife ferront deftourbez de lour prefentementz ou collations par tides refervations collations ou proviftons come defus eft dit Sauvee a eux le droit de lour avowefons & prefentementz qant nul collation ou provifion de la court de Rome ent ne foit faite ou qe les dites gentz de feinte efglife ofent & vuillent a meifrr.es les benefices prelenter ou collation faire & lour prefentees puiffent leffeit de lour collations & prefentementz enjoier. Et en meifme la manere eit chefcun autre Seignur de quel condition qil foit les prefentementz ou collations a les mefons de religion qe font de' favowric & as benefices de feinte eglife qc font apurtenantz a meifmes les mefons. Et fi tids a-vowes ne prefentent point a tides benefices deinz le demy an apres tides voidances ne levefqe de lieu ne la doune par laps de temps deinz un mois apres le demy an qe adonqes lc Roi eit ent les prefente-

mentz

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. mentz & collations come il ad dautres de favowerie demeifne. Et en cas qe les prefentees le Roi ou les prefentes dautres patrons-de feinte eglife ou de lour avowes ou ceux as queux Ie Roi ou tielx patrons ou avowes fufditz averont done benefices apurtenantz a lour prefenrementz ou collations foient deftour-bez par tiels provifours iffint qils ne puiflent avoir pofleffion de tieles benefices par vertue des prefente-mentz-& collations iffint a eux faitz ou qe ceux qe font en pofleffion des tiels benefices foient empef-ches fur lour dites pofleffions par tielx provifours adonqes foient les.ditz provifours & lour procurators executours & notaires attaches par lour corps & menes en refponfe St fils foient convi£tz demo-ergent en prifone fanz eftre lefl'e a meinprife en bailie ou autrement delivres tanqils averont fait fin St redemption au Roi a fa volente St gree a la par-tie qe fe fentera greve. Et nient meins avant qils foient delivrers facent pleine renunciation St troe-vent fufficeante feurete qils nattempteront tiele chofe en temps avenir ne nul proces fueront par eux ne par autre devers nuly en la dite court de Rome ne nule part aillours pur nules tieles empri-fonementz ou renunciations ne nule autre chofe dependant de eux.

Place do not give the fame by Lapfe of Time within dlflmb fuch a Month after half a Year, that then the King iiiall Prefcntments have thereof the Preferments and Collations, as he °1 Llcih<,"s hath of other of his own Advowry. (6) And in cafe °"E 1 ° that the Prefentees of the King, or the Prefentees of .v 26 H. 8. other Patrons of holy Church, or of their Advowees, c. 15. or they to whom the King, or fuch Patrons or Advowees aforefaid, have given Benefices pertaining to their Preferments or Collations, be difturbed by iuch Provifors, fo that they may not have Pofleffion of fuch Benefices by virtue of the Preferments or Collations to them made, or that they which be in Pof-feffion of fuch Benefices be impeached upon their faid Pofleffions by fuch Provifors ; then the laid Provifors, their Procurators, Executors, and Notaries, fhall be attached by their Body, and brought in to anfwer;

(7) and if they be convidt, they fhall abide in Prifon without being let to Mainprife or Bail, or otherwife delivered, till that they have made Fine and Ranfom to the King at his Will, and Gree to the Party that fhall feel himfelf grieved. (8) And neverthelcls before that they be delivered, they fhall make full Renunciation, and find fufficient Surety that they fhall not attempt fuch Things in Time to come, nor fue any Procefs by them, nor by other, againft any Man in the Court of Rome, nor in any Part elfewherer for any fuch Imprifonments or Renunciations, nor any other Thing depending of them.

‘ V. And in cafe that luch Provifors, Procurators, Fitz.Prsema-Executors, or Notaries be not found, that the Exi- nire, 9,12. gent (hall run againft them by due Procefs, and that .

Writs fhall go forth to take their Bodies in what Parts they be found, as well at the King’s Suit, as at the Suit of the Party, (2) and that in the mean ; Time the King fhall have the Profits of fuch Bene-: fices fo occupied by fuch Provifors, except Abbeys,

; Priories, and other Houfes, which have Colleges or ' Covents, and in fuch Houfes the Colleges and Co-; vents fhall have the Profits; faving always to our ; Lord the King, and to all other Lords, their old ; Right. (3) And this Statute (hall have Place as : well of Refervations, Collations, and Provifions made ! and granted in Times paft againft all them which ! have not yet obtained corporal PofTeflion of the Be- 46;>

! nefices granted to them by the fame Refervations, 13R.a.itat. 1.

! Collations, and Provifions, as againft all other in*•1.

‘ Time to come. And this Statute oweth to hold Onfirmiby ‘ Place and to begin at the faid Ut'asd	^	j	at‘*"

By 16 R. 2. c. 5 pur chafing Bulk or other Infiruments from Rome incurs Prantunire. And fee 5 El. c, I. and 13 El. c. z. aga'mfi maintaining the Authority of the See of Rome, or bringing Bulk, &c. from thence.

Et en cas qe tielx provifours procuratours executours & notaires ne foient trovez qe lexigende courge devers eux par due proces & qe briefs iflent de prendre lour corps quel part qils foient trovez au-xibien a la fuite le Roi come de partie & qen le mefne temps le Roi eit les profitz de tielx benefices iffint ocupez par tielx provifours forfpris Abbeies Priories & autres mefons qont college ou covent & en tieles mefons eientles covent & colleges les profitz fauvant totefoitz a noftre Seignur le Roi & as autres Seignurs lour aunciene droit. Et eit ceft eftatut lieu auxibien de refervations collations & provifions faites & grantes en temps pafle devers touz ceux qe ne font unqore adept corporele pof-feffion des benefices a eux grauntes par meifmes les refervations collations & provifions come devers touz autres en temps avenir. Et doit ceft eftatut tenir lieu commenceant a les oetaves fufditz.

Statutum apud Weftm’

editum eodem Anno Anno Dom.

2 5

Edw. III. Stat.

1.3.50.

The King granteth to the Commons in Aid of aDifme and Fifteen by them before granted to him, all the IlTues, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments levied of Labourers, Artificers, Regrators, Viftuallers, and Servants. See Appendix.

A Statute of Provifors, made Anno 27 Edw. III. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dom.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 13.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roi de laftent & a la priere des Grauntz & de la communaite de

fc

.on Roialme dEngleterre a fon grant confeil 4

353=

O

UR Lord the King, by the Aflent and Prayer of the Great Men, and the Commons of his Realm of England, at his great Council holdcn

“ at

Star.

I.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Edwardi IiI. A. D. 1353.

“ at Wefttmnfter, the Monday next after the Feaft of “ St. Matthew the Apoftle, the Twenty feventh Year “ of his Reign of England, and of France the Eour-“ teenth, in Amendment of his faid Realm, and Main-“ tenance of the Laws and Ufages, hath ordained and “ ftablifhed thefe Things under-written.”

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. tenuz a Weftmonfter le Lundy profchein apres la fefte de Seint Matheu Lapoftle lan de fon regne ceft affavoir dEngleterre vintfeptifme & de France quatorzifme en amendetnent de fon dit Roialme & pur les leis & ufages ne fon dit Roialme meintenir ft ad ordene & eftabli les chofes fouzefcriptes.

CAP. I.

Pratmunire for filing in a Foreign Realm, or Impeaching of Judgement given.

4'Tnft. $6.

3 Inlt. 110, 115.

11	Co. 63.

12	Co. 37.

% Roll 317.

14H. 4. f. 14. 2 R. 3. f. 17-5 Ed. 4. f. 6. o Ed. 4. f. 3. Fitz. Prasmun.

-5. 6, 10.

39 Ed. 3. f. 7.

.43 Ed. 3. f. 6.

Bro. Atturney, 4S, S3, 104.

31 Co. 34.

44 Ed. 3. f. 7, 3s-

a Lev. z 41,242.

Enforced by Ed. 3. flat. 2. .e. 2, 3, & 4.

'IRST, Becaufe it is fnewed to our Lord the King, by the grievous and clamorous Com-‘ plaints of the Great Men and Commons aforefaid, how that divers of the People be, and have been ;t drawn out of the Realm to anfwer of Things, where-;c of the Cognifance pertaineth to the King’s Court; ‘ (2) and alfo that the Judgments ^iven in the fame ‘ Court be impeached in another Court, in Prejudice ‘ and Difherifon of our Lord the King, and of his ‘ Crown, and of all the People of his faid Realm, and to the undo-ng and Deftruction of the Common “ Law of the fame Realm at all Times ufed.” ‘ (3) ' Whereupon, good Deliberation had with the Great 1 Men and other of his faid Council, it is alien ted and ; accorded by our Lord the King, and the Great Men ; and Commons aforefaid, That all the People of the ; King’s Ligeance, of what Condition that they be, which Ihall draw any out of the Realm in Plea,

’ whereof the Cognifance pi rtaineth to the King’s Court, or of 'Things whereof Judgements be given in the King’s Court, or which do fue in any other Court, to defeat or impeach the Judgements given in the King’s Court, Ihall have a Day, containing the Space of two Months, by Warning to be made to them in the Place where the Poffeflions be, which be in'Debate, or otherwife where they have Lands or other Poffeflions, by the Sheriffs or other the King’s Minifters, to appear before the King and his Council, or in his Chancery, or before the King’s Juftices in his Places of the one Bench or the other, or before other the King’s Juftices which to the fame Ihall be deputed, to anfwer in their proper Perfons to the King, of the Contempt done in this Behalf. .(4) And if they come not at the faid Day in their proper Perfon to be at the Law, they, their Procurators, Attornies, Executors, Notaries, and Maintainors, Ihall from that Day forth be put out of the King’s Protection, and their Lands, Goods, and Chatties forfeit to the King, and their Bodies, where-foever they may be found, Ihall be taken and im-prifoned, and ranfomed at the King’s Will: (y) And upon the fame a Writ Ihall be made to take them by their Bodies, and tofeife their Lands, Goods, and Poffeffions, into the King’s Hands; (6) and if it be returned, that they be not found, they fhall be put in Exigent, and outlawed.’

‘ II. Provided always, That at what Time they come before they be outlawed, and will yield them to the King’s Prifon to be juftified by the Law, and to receive that which the Court fhall award in this Behalf, that they fhall be.thereto received; the Forfeiture of the Lands, Goods, and Chatties abiding in their Force, if they do not yield them within the

Appearance of the Offender after two Months will fave his Out-Jawiy, but not his Lands or Goods.

Reg. 1S2.

Raft. 24> 465	„

maintaining the Authority of the See of Rome, or bringing Hulls from

faid two Months, as afore is faid.’

See 16 R.2, c. 5. •which makes it Pnrmunire to pur chafe Built or other Injlrumcnts front Rome ; andfarther, 5 El. c. 1. and 13 Elix. e. 2. again/!

PRimerement pur ce qe monffree eft a noftre dit Seignur le Roi par grevous & clamous pleintes des Grantz & communes avantditz content plufours gentz font & ount efte traites hors du Roialme a refpondre des chofes dount la coniflance appartient a la Court noftre Seignur le R.oi & auflint qe les juggementz renduz en meifme la court font empef-chez en autri court en prejudice & defheritfon noftre Seignur le Roi & de fa corone & de tout le poeple de fon dit Roialme & en defefance & ariien-tiffement de la commune lei de meilme le Roialme ufee de tout temps. Sur quoi eue bone deliberation od les grantz & autres du dit confeil affentu eft & acorde par noftre dit Seignur le Roi & les grantz & communes fufditz qe totes gentz de la ligeance le Roi de quele condition qils foient qi tre-hent nulli hors du Roialme en plee dount la conif-fance appartient a la Court le Roi ou des chofes dount juggementz font renduz en la Court le Roi cu qi luent en autri court a deffaire ou empefeher les juggementz renduz en la Court leRoi eient jour contenant lefpace dedeux mois par garniffement affaire a eux ,en le lieu ou les poffeflions font qi font en debat ou aillours ou ils averont terres ou autres poffeflions par le vifeont ou autre miniftre du Roi deftre devant le Roi & fon confeil ou en fa Chan-cellerie ou devant les Juftices le Roi en fes places del un Baunk ou del autre ou devant autres Juftices le Roi qi ferront a ce deputez a refpondre en lour propre perfones au Roi au contempt fait en celle partie. Et fils ne viegnent mie au dit jour en propre perfone de efteer a la lei foient ils lour procuratours attournez executours notairs & mein-tenours de cel jour enavant mis hors de la protection le Roi & lour terres biens & chateux forfaitz au Roi & foient lour corps ou qils foient trovez pris & emprifonez et reintz a la volume le Roi et fur ce foit brief fait de les prendre par lour corps et de feifir lour terres biens et poffeftions en la main le Roi et fi retourne foit qils ne font mie trovez foient mis en exigend et utlaghez.

Purveu totes foitz qe a quele beure qils viegnent devant qils foient utlaghez et fe veullent rendre a la prifone le Roi deftre jufticez par la lei & receivre ce qe la Court le Roi agardera en celle partie qils foient a ce receuz la forfaiture des terres biens et chateux demorante en fa force fds ne fe rendent dtinz les ditz deux mois come devant eft dit.

1 (

CAP.

Stat. i. 273

CAP. 11.

In a Pardon of Felony the Suggeftions and Suggeftor’s Name fhall be comprifed.

E:i Rdf. in Turr. Lend.

AUifint pur ce qe noftre Scignur le Roi ad fo-vent grantee chartres de pardon de felonies par feintes et nient veritables fuggeftions de plu-i'eurs gentz dount plufeurs malx font avenuz cea en arc-re et pur tie'ux malx efehuir fi eft acorde et afientu par noftre dit Scignur le Roi et tout le dit confeil'qe defofe en chefcun chartre de pardon de felonie qe ferra grante a fuggeftion de nully foit la dite fuggeftion et le noun de celui qi fift la fuggeftion compris en meifme la chartre et ft apres foit trove la fuggeftion nient veritable foit la chartre difalowe et tenue pur nulle et enquergent les Ju-ftices cTSvant queux tieux chartres font alleggez de meifme la fuggeftion et ce auflibien des chartres avant ces heures grantez come des chartres qe fer-ront grantez en temps avenir et fils la troeflent nient varraie adonqes defalowent la chartre iflint aleggee et ent facent outre ce qe la lei demand.

ITEM, Becaufe our Lord the King hath often granted Charters of Pardon of Felonies upon feigned and untrue Suggeftions of divers People, whereof much Evil hath chanced in Times paft;” -(2) and for to efehue fuch Evil, it is accorded and aftented by our faid Lord the King, and all the faid Council, That from henceforth in every Charter of Pardon of Felony, which fhall be granted at any Man’s Suggeftion, the faid Suggeftion, and the Name of him that maketh the Suggeftion, fhall be com-prifed in the fame Charter; (3) and if after the fame Suggeftion be found untrue, the Charter fhall be difallowed and holden for none: (4) And the Ju- A Pardon ftices before whom fuch Charters fhall be alledged,	up0" a

fhall enquire of the fame Suggeftion, and that as well	bedtfal-0*

of Charters granted before this Time, as of Char- lowed, ters which fhall be granted in Time to come; and Raft. 45.;. if they find them untrue, then they fhall difallow thd Charters fo alledged, and fhall moreover do as the Law demandeth.’

CAP. III.

Commiffions fhall be granted to enquire of Offenders contrary to the Statute of 23 Edward 3.

cap. 6.

ENfement pur les grantz Sc outrajoufes chiertees des vitailles qe les hoftelers des herbergeries Sc autres re- EXP.

, graters de vitailles fount par tout Je Roialme a grant Damage du poeple qi naffe parmie le Roialme Acorde eft & eftabli qe Juftices fachantz de lei qi foient bones & covenables foient de novel eflutz denquere, des faitz Sc des outrages de tieux hoftelers regraters laborers & touz autres compris en leftatut autrefoitz ent. fait et de les puriir et outre faire droit au Roi et au poeple Sauvant totesfoitz a chefcun Seignur et autres leur, franchifes cn toutz pointz.

CAP. IV.

The Aulnegers Fees for every Cloth fold. Cloths fhall be fealed before they be put to Sale.

A Subfidy granted to the King of every Cloth fold.

A Uftint pur ce qe les Grantz et Communes ount 44 yTEM, Whereas the Great'Men and Commons monftree a noftre Seignur le Roi coment plufeurs marchantz fibien foreins come denzeins fe ount retraitz et uncore fe retreent de venir od draps en le Roialme dEngleterre a grant damage'du Roi et de tout le-poeple,par caufe qe launeour le'Roi furmette as marchantz eftranges qe leur draps ne font mie daffife ceft aflavoir 1c drap de colour de la longure de Vint & fis aunes mefuree par le dos & de la laeure de fys quartets Sc dimid’ Sc le drap de raie de la longure de vint Sc oet aunes mefuree par le lifte Sc de la laeure de fys quarters Sc les areft come forfaitz au Roi & ount prie a noftre dit Seignur le Roi qe lui plefe releffur 3c offer tieles forfai-tures en eefe de fan poeple pur covenable recom-penfation faire a liii dautte part noftre Seignur le Roi fur tide condition otroiarit a loiir fuppllcation ad relefle & ofte de tout les dites forfaitures Sc voet Sc grant pur lui Sc pur fes heirs qe mes ne foient nuls draps forfaitz tout ne foient ils de laffife avant-dite mes qe launeour le Roi face auner les draps Sc Vot.l.

“ JL h ive fhewed to our Lord the King, how divers “ Merchants, as well Foreigners as Denizens, have “ withdrawn them, and yet do withdraw them, to c‘ come with Cloths into England, to the great Da-“ mage of the King and of all his People, becaufe “ that the King’s Auineger furmifeth to Merchant “ Strangers, that their Cloths be not of AfSfe, that is “ to fay, The coloured Cloth of the Length of fix and “ twenty Yards meafured by the Creft, and of the “ Breadth of fix Quarters and an half; (z)"a'ndthe “ Cloth of Ray, of the Length of Eight'and twenty “ Yards meafured by the Lift, and of the Breadth of “ Six Quarters; (3) and whereas the fame have been “ arrefted as forfeit to our Lord the King, they have “ prayed our faid L°rd the King, that it may pleafe “ him to releafe and put out fuch Forfeitures in Eafe “ of his People, for a convenient Recompence to be te made to him of the other Party;” ‘ Our Lord the ‘ King, upon fuch Condition hearing their Supplica-‘ tion, hath releafed and excluded him-of all the faid 4 Forfeitures, and he willeth and granteth for him and ‘ for his Heirs, that there fhall be no Cloths forfeit,

4 although they be not of the fame Aflife, but the King’s N n	‘	Auineger

The Length ani (Breadth of coloured Cloth, and Cloth of. Ray,.

The King’s Re*’ leafe of the F(*m> feiture of Clothe*'

The Aulnegei’s Fee for every CJoth and half Cloth fold. Hardrefs 2 c6.

A Subfidy granted to the King of every Ciotfj.

Cloths put to Sale before they be fealed (hall be forfeit. Carthew 325.

Amended by 5 Sc 6 Ed, 6. c. 6.

3 J 12 \V. 3. c.20. takes away Jlulncge Duties,

Repealed for the Felony and for the Forfeiture ©f Lands by 37 -Ed. 3. c. id.

OB.

43 Ed, 3, c.3.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Edwardi III. A. D. 1353

‘ Aulncger fha.ll meafure the Cloth, and mark the ‘ fame, by which Mark a Man may know how much ‘ the Cloth containeth: (4) And of as much as the ‘ Cloth, which is bought for Cloth of Affife, fhall be ‘ found lefs than the Affife, Allowance or Abatement 4 fhall be made to the Buyer in the Payment which he ‘ fhall make for the fame Cloth, after the Quantity of 4 the Price for which the Cloth was bought: (5) And 4 the Aulneger fhall take for every Cloth fo meafured, ‘ which is of Affife, that is to fay, of the Seller an 4 Halfpenny, and of half a Cloth a Farthing for his

*	Office, and no more; nor they fhall take nothing of ‘ the Cloths which be lefs than of the half Cloth ; (6) ‘ and that he nothing meddle of the Aulnage of any ‘ Cloth, but only of Cloths which are to be fold. (7) ‘ And for fo much the faid Lords and Commons have 4 granted to the King a Subfidy of every Cloth which ‘ is to be fold, to take of the Seller over the Cuftoms ‘ thereof due, that is to fay, Of every Cloth of the ‘ faid Affife, wherein there is no Grain, iv. d. (8) and 4 of every half fuch Cloth, ii. d. (g) and of every 4 Cloth of Affife of Scarlet, vi. d. (10) and of every 4 half fuch Cloth, iii. d. (11) and of every Cloth half 4 Grain of Affife, v. d. (12) and of every half fuch

*	Cloth, ii d. oh. (13) And that every Cloth paffing

1 the half Cloth of Affife, by three Yards and more, 4 which is no Cloth whole of Affife, and alfo of every 4 Cloth paffing the whole Cloth by three Yards and 4 more, fhall be taken after the Rate or Subfidy which 4	is to he paid for the	whole	Cloth	of the fame Sort;

4	(14) fo always, that	of no	Cloth	which containeth

4 not half a Cloth, nor of Cloths which a Man maketh 4 for his own Ufe to clothe him and his Meiny, nor of 4 Cloth fealed with the Sea] of the Colleftor of the faid 4 Subfidy, of which the fame Subfidy was once paid 4 by the Seller, to whofe Hands that fuch Cloths fhall 4 come after to fell, or in any Manner, nothing of the 4 faid Subfidy {hall be paid and demanded. (15) And 4	that fuch Manner of	Cloths	which	be put to Sale be-

4	fore that they be fealed with	the faid Seal, fhall be

4 forfeit to the King, and taken into his Hands by the 4 faid Collector or Aulneger, or by the Deputy of one 4 of them, or elfe by the Bailiffs of the Town where 4 fuch vendible Cloths not fealed fhall be found.’

Ex Ret, in 7urr. Lond. les mercher par quele merche homme purra conoi-ftre combien le draps contient & de tant come ferra trove le draps qe eft achate pur draps daffife eftre meinz qe daffife foit allowance ou rebatement fait a lachatour en le paiement qil ferra pur meifme le draps folonc la quantite du pris pur quel le draps feuft achate et qe launeour preigne pur chefcun draps iffint aunee qeft daffife ceft affavoir du ven-dour un maill & de dimid’ draps un ferthyng pur fon office & nient plus ne qil ne preigne rien de draps qe eft meinz qe di’ draps et qil ne fe melle rien de launage de nuls-draps fors foulement de draps qe font a vendre. Et par tant les ditz Seig-nurs & communes ount grante au Roi un fubfid’ de chefcun draps qeft a vendre a prendre du ven-dour autre les c'uftumes ent due ceft affavoir de chefcun draps du dite affife en quele ny ad point de graine iiij. d. & de dimi tieu draps ii. d. de chefcun draps de fcarlet daffife vi.d. & de dimi tieu draps

iii.	d. Sc de chefcun draps daffife de dimi graine cinqe deniers Sc de di’ tieu drap ii. d. ob. Et qe de chefcun drap paffant di’ drap daffife par trois aunes & plus qe neft mie drap entiere daffife &auf-fint de chefcun drap paffant drap entiere par trois aunes Sc plus foit pris folonc lafferant du fubfid’ qeft a paier pur le drap entiere de meifme la forte iffint totesfoitz qe de nul drap qe ne contient pas dl’ drap ne de draps queux homme fait a fon oeps de-mefne pur veftir lui Si. fa meifnee ne de draps en-fealez du feal du coillour du dit fubfid’ des queux meifme le fubfid’ eft unefoitz paie par le vendour a qi mains qe tieux draps deviegnent apres a vendre ou en autre manere rien du dit fubfide foit paie ne demande. Et qe tote manere de draps qe font mis a vente avant qils foient enfealez du dit feal foient forfaitz au Roi Sc pris en fa main par le dit coillour ou auneour ou par le depute de lun de eux ou au-trement par baillifs de la ville ou tiel drap vendable nient enfeale ferra trove.

Y.

CAP.

It fhall be Felony to foreftall or ingrofs Gafcoign Wine.

ENfement acorde eft et affentu qe defens et proclamation foient faites qe nul marchant Engleis nengrofle ne forftalle vins en Gafcoigne ne les preigne par voie dacate de nul Gafcon ne dautre pur paier en En-gleterre pur plus grant fuinme qe vins ne font communement venduz en Gafcoigne par caufe dappreft ou peril de meer ou pur nul autre colour fur piene de vie et de membre et de forfaiture des ditz vins et de touz lour autres biens et chateux devers le Roi et de forfaiture de leur terres et tencmenz devers les chiefs Seignurs et eient les chiefs Seignurs brief defehete en le cas.

C A P. VI.

Merchants may bring their Wines to what Ports they will.

AUffint eft ordene et eftabli qe touz marchantz Gafcons et autres eftranges puffent amefner fauvement leur vins en Englcterre a queu port qe lour plerra et faire ent lour profit Iffint totes foitz qe le botillcr le Roi purra faire la purveance le Roi de vins des aliens quant befoigne ferra fefant paiement pur meifmes les vins deinz xl. jours en manere come ad cite ufe« dauncien temps.	4

CAP,

Stat. 1.

275

cap. vn.

When and where Gafcoign Wines may be bought.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ENfement acorde eft et aflentu qe nul marchant Engleis ne nu] de fes fervantz ou autres de par eux naille en Gafeoigne a demorer illoeqes nautre neit illoeqes demorant pur faire bargaine ou achate de vins par queconqe colour devantle temps de vendenge ou de reik ceft affavoir avant qe commune paflage fe face pur quere vins illoeqes. Et qe nul nachate ne ne bargaine par lui ne par autre vins fors foulement en les ports de Burdeux et de Baion fur les peines et forfaitures profcheinement avantdites. Et fi nul foit O B. trove illoeqes fefant au eontraire foit pris et areftu par le fenefchal de Gafeoigne ou leconeftable deBur- ReP- 37 Ed. 3. deux et le corps maunde en Engleterre a la Tour de Lond res. Et qe meifme le fenefchal ou coneftable	(at

certifie au Roi en fa Chancellerie des nouns de tieux areftuz et de lour mciftres et compaignons enfemblement t^Forfeiture0 od tout le fait.	of Lands,

C A P. VIII.

Red and White Wine fhall be gauged3 and the Punifhment of him that hindereth it.

AUlfint ordene eft & eftabli qe tous vins ver-meilles & blauncs qe vendront en le dit Roi-alme & en les terres de Gales & Irland a vendre foient bien & loialment gaugez par le gaugeour le Roi ou fon depute. Et ft nul mette deftourbanee ou debate & ne voet mie foefrir fes vins eftre gaugez qil forface les ditz vins & foit puni par empri-fonement et reint a la volunte le Roi. Et ft definite foit trove en le gaugeour qe il ou fon depute ne foit mie preft de faire fon office quant il ferra requis ou face fraude ou deceit en fefant fon office au damage de lachatour ou de le vendour paie a la partie endamagee fes damages au treble et perde fon office et foit puni par emprifonement et reint a la volunte le Roi. Et en cas qe meinz foit trove en le tonel ou pipe qe ne deuft eftre de droit folonc laffife du tonel foit allowe et rccope en le paiement la value de ee qe faudra de tieu tonel ou pipe.

4 |TEM it is accorded and eftablifhed, That all Confirmed by 4 ji Wines Red and White, which fhall come into 18 c-4 faid Realm, and into the Land of Wales and Ireland,

4 to fell, fhall be well and lawfully gauged by the King’s 4 Gaugers, or their Deputies. (2) And if any do let ‘ Difturbanee or Debate, and will not fuffer the fame 4 to be gauged, he fhall forfeit the faid Wines, and 4 fhall be punifhed by Imprifonment, and ranfomed at 4 the King’s Will. (3) And if Default be found in 4 the Gauger, that he or his Deputy be not ready to 4 do his Office when h; fhall be required, or that he do 4 Fraud or Deceit in doing his Office, to the Damage 4 of the Buyer or of the Seller, he fhall pay to the 4 Party grieved his treble Damages, and lofebis Office,

4 and be punifhed by Imprifonment, and ranfomed at Cenftnr.ti by 31 4 the King’s Will. (4) And in cafe that lefs be found Ed.%.ftai.\.c.$. 14 in the Tun or Pipe, than ought to be of Right, after Enforced -by 4 the Affife of the Tun, the Value of as much as fhall	c‘	’•

4 lack of fuch Tun or Pipe fhall be allowed and de- * H'6 '

4 dudted in the Payment.’	A. 3! c. 13.

* Read c. 13.

■Statuturn de Stapulis^ Anno XXVII0, Stat. 2.

'	MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV.

EDWARD &c. Pur C'eo que en bone Deliberation ove Prelates Dues Countes Barons & Chivalers o B. iH.;. des Countees, ceftafavoir de chefcun Countee un pur tout la Counte, & des Comtines dez Cittees & A J- + c- 6-Burghs de notre Roialme Dengl’ fomons a noftre graunde Counfell tenuz aWeftminftre le lundy profehen apres la feft de Scint Matheu le Apoftoill lan de noftre Regne Dengl’ xxvii. & du Frauncc xiiii. J fur lez damages que fount noterment avenuz, fi bene a nous & a lez Graundes come a noftre poeple e'e noftre Roialme Dengl’& de nous terres de Gales & Dirlaunde, per caufe que leftaplez dez leins quires pealx lanutez de nous dites Roialmes & terres ad elte tenuz hors de nous dites Roialmts & terres, file' eftaple fuift tenuz deinz ycell & nul parte ailiours, fi avoms al honour de Dieu, & en relevation de noz Roi.dme & terres avauntdites, & pur lefehuere lez perils que purroient avenire du contrarie en temps ayenir, per Counfell & comune Aflent dez dites Prelatez Ducz Countez Barons Chevaleres Si Comunes avaunt-ditz., ordeigne 5c eftabli lez chofes fouth eferiptez.

CAP. I.

t ft. z.

Where the Sta.ple for England, Wales, and Ireland fhall be kept. Whither Merchandifes of the Staple fhall be carried, and what Cuftom fhall be paid for them.

PRimeremeri't que leftaple dez leins quirs pealx lanutz & plumbe creflaunt & provenaunt de nous Roialme AtwMchTowns & terres avauntditz foient perpetuelment es lieux fouth eferiptes, ceftafavoir pur Engl’ a Neof Chaftell the Staple of fur Tyne, Everwyke, Nicole, Norwich, Weftminftre, Caunterbirs, Ciceftre, Winceftrc, Exeeftre, & Wool), Leather, Briftut; & pur Gales a Karmardyne : & pur Irlaunde a Develin, Waterford, Coorke, & Drouzda ; & nul fo'EneUnd * part ailiours. Et qe toutz lez dites Drapes leins auxibien Veilles come novvelles pealx lanutes quirs & Wales! andire-

N n 2	plumbee,

A. D. 13J3.

land, fliall be hf ldcn.

43 Ed. 3. c. 1. See 14.	2. c. 1.

for removing the fron. Calais. .Merchant) ife of the Staple carried from Staple Towns to Port Towns.

I3H.4. T. pi. 4.

Indenture to be matte thereof between the Mayor and Cuflomer of the Pott

The feveral Cuftoms to be paid by Denizens and Aliens. Merchants Sgrangers only may. tranlport ihe fame.

Merchants Strangersfhall be fwom to hold no Staple beyond Sea,

MS. Reg.

plumbee, que ferrount menez de dit Roialme & terres, foient primes mefnes as ditz eftaples ; & illoeqs lez dices leins & plumbe entre Marchaunt & Marchaunt & autres loialment poifes per leftandarde, & chefcun Sake & Sarplere de ycel leins iffint poifes & enfeales a leftaple de Neof Chaftel, Everwyke, Nicole, Weft-minftre, Canterbiers, & Winceftre, & auxint quirs pealx lanutz et plumbe qils vendrent illoeqs, pales ent la Cuftume de la eftaple, foient teftemoignes per bille enfealle de Seal la Mair de leftaple, et mefnez as portes foutheferiptes, ceftafavoir Deverwike a Hull, de Nichol a Seint Botulpb, 1 de Norwich a graund Jemeinouth, de Weftminftre a Loundres, de Canterbirs a Sandwich, de Winceftre a Southamptoun, et illoeqs foieiit les dites leins et plumbe autrefoitz poifes per nous Cuftumers illoeqes affignes. Et tout lez leins et plumbe amefnes as portez de Neof Chaftel! Ciceftre Exceftre Briftut Karmardyne Drouda Develin Waterford et Corke, 'ou lez autres eftaples ferrount tenuz, foient illoeqes forfque urr foitz poifez per leftandarde eiVre Marchaunt et Marchaunt et autres en prefence de noz Cuftumers illoeqs ; et foit endenture fait entre le Mai re del eftaple efteaunt en le porte de mer et nous Cuftumers illoeqs dez toutz lez leins et plumbe iffint poifes, et auxint de quirs et pealx lanutez, qui viendrent a mefme leftapule pur pafler illoeqs, et mefme cel leinz et plumbe et auxint quirs et pealx lanutez Cuftumez & cokettez, et les Cu-ftumes ent dues paies a nous Cuftumers en toutz lez dites portez, ceftafavoir dez denizeins pur le temps qils ount pafle dimy marc de fake de leins, dimi marke de ccc pealx lanutez, et xx s. demi laft dez quirs etiiid. de chefcun xx s. de plumbe, foient adonqs lez Marchandifes per Marchauntz eftranges que laverount achates, et noun pas per Englis Galys ne Irrys, amefnes as parties de dela hors dez nous dites Roialme et terres, queux parties que plerra as elites Adarchauntes eftraunges, et que les ditez.Mairs et Cuftumers ne delaicnt nul home volunterement pur gaine, ne pur cel caufe nen autre manere rien ne preignent de nul, pur fair ce que appent a lour office, fur payne denprifonment et de paier a la partie la double de ce que ils averount iffint pris, et auxi de ce que la partie ferra iffi endamage per caufe de tiel pris ou delai et de outre de eftre rent a noftre volunte : mez foi tiegnent pales de ceo qils prendrent en certen pour lour office faire, et que la maire de la eftaple et lez Cuftumers pregnent ferement de toutz Marchauntz quenli pafleroimt leins quirs pealx lanutez et plumbe, qils ne tiendrent nul eftaple par dela de mefmez lez Mar-chaundifes.

C A P. II.

Merchants Strangers may come into and depart forth of the Realm with their Goods, and none

of them fhall be taken by the King’s Purveyors.

ITEM pur replener lez ditz Roialmes et terres de monel et de plat dor et dargent et dez marchandifes-dez autres terres, et pur doner talent as marchauntz eftraunges de venir ove lez mercez et mar-chandifez de autres terres en les Roialme & terres avauntditz. Si avoms ordeigne & eftabli, que touts lez marchauntz eftraunges, queux ne fount mye de notre enmite, de quel terre ou nation qils foient, puifi'nt foutz noftre protection & fave conduit vener & demurrer en nos dit Roialme h terrez, queux parties qils voudrount, &• de illoeqs retourner ove lour inefnee merces & marebaundifes quecunqes fraunche-ment & vendre lour mnrehaundifes a lez eftaples' & aillours deinz mefme le Roialme & terres, a que lez vouclra achater paiauntes les cuftumes ent duez. Et pur plus affurere lez marchauntz eftraunges & autres mefnauntes biens & marchaundifes es dites Roialme & terres ; fi voloms & grauntoms ordeinoms & eftabliffcins pur nous & pur nous heirs et fubgitz, que rien ne foit prife outre lez cuftumes avauntditez, ne prifes a notre oeps, per colour de vente ou en autre manere, en countre lour volunte, per nous miniftres ne lez miniftres noifz heirs'ne per lez miniftres de nul Roialx Prelates Dues Countes Barons Seignurs ne Dames, ne de nul autre petit ne graund ; & .ft nul miniftre per colour de fon office ou en autre manere preigne rlcns de eux contre lour gre, foit maintenaunt prife & areftuz per lez Mair & Bailliffiis de lieu, fit foit hoi's ae'la eftaple, ou per Maire & Miniftres del eftaple fil foit ueinz le eftaple, & foit haftive & redde proces fait devers luy de jour en jour & de hure en hure, folonc le ley de leftaple & nemy a la comune ley, fi bien hors de la eftaple come dedeinz, a chcfcune que iffint ferra; & fil foit ent atteint, pale a! mar-chaunt le double de ceo qil	prift & tant a nous. Et que	nul commiffioun foit fait, de prendre	tieux prifes

dez dites marchauntz-; et fi	nul tiel commiffioun foit fait,	foit tenuz pur null.

CAP. III.

ah Merchants All Perfons may buy Wocllfels, fi?c. fo thac they bring them to the Staple. It fhall be Felony

McrchanJife?,e	for	an EngliJJo, f6c. Merchant to tranfport Wooll, &c.

fo that they

1.ring, them to	ITEM nous voillcms ct grauntoms, que toutz marchauntz, fi bien denefins come eftraunges, puiflent

ti e S'ape.^	achatre	leins	pealx lanutes quires et plumb per toutz noz dites Roialme et terres, faunz covine ou

j'fforT/him	collufioun de amenufer le	prife de ditz Marchaundifcz,	iffint toutz foitz qils lez amefnent a	leftaple, et

l,(h	Willh	orb	que nul Marchaunt Engles	Irrois ne de Gales ne pafle ove nul manere dez leins quirs pealx	hnutes ne

iriiman tu plumbe hors de dice Roialme et terres, fur peine de Vie et de Membre et de forfaiture dez ditez Marchaun-ttjnfpjrt say difez et dez toutz lour autre biens et chateux devers nous et de forfaiture de lour terres et tenement'/, de-Wooll, ice. vers ]ez chief Seignurs ; et eient lez chief Seignurs brefs defehet en le cas. Et que nul eftraunges Mar-3xid' 3 c.' 6.1' chaunlz per covyne entre eux et Marchauntz Engleis Irrois ou Gales arr.efne hors dez Roialme ct terres 43 EJ. 3. c*. /. avauntdit< s au profit dez Englis Irroies ou Gales en partie ou en tout, ne que nul Marchauntz Engleis Ir-x, c. 5. roies ou Gales nautre race covenc ove Marchauntz eftraunges de amefner quirs pealx lanutez ou plumbe as

parties

MS. Re?.

o

parties de dela hors de Roialme et terres avauntditez fouz noun dez Marchauntz eftraunges, nenvoient ne teignent lour fervauntz et autres lour attournez es parties de dela hors de noz ditez Roialme et terres, pur vendre ou furveere la vente de lour lcins quirs et plumbe illoeqs, ou de refervere lez deners provenutz de la vente dez ditez leins quirs pecdx lan.utez; Et que nul Engleis Irroies ou Gales ou autre preigne autrement dor ne dargent nautic chofe en reconiipenfation ou commutation en noun de paiment es parties de dela hors de nouz Roialme et terres dez marcbaundifes venduz en Engleterre Irlaunde ou Gales touchant leftaple, mes foit tout tiel paiment fait en or ou en argent, ou merchandife en Englcterre Irland ou Gales ou le contrail fe fit, fur lcz forfeitures et peinz prochen avauntditez : Ne que lez marchauntz eftraunges ne marchauntz denezins facent entre eux en prive nen appiert coumpanie ne confederacye en fraude ou difeeit de cell ordi-naunce, ne que nul lez meinteigne pur gaigne nen autre manere en tiel fraude ou defeeit, fur mefmez les forfaitures et peinz. Et tut diz fait a entendre, que chefcun Englife Irroeis et Gales puffe amefner fraunche-ment fez leinz propres quirs peals et plumbe a leftaple, et vendre illoeqs, faunz eftre arfte de lez vendre en pais, et que chefcun marchaunt que veiide fez leinz a leftaple foit tenuz de garraunter lempakkur de mefmes les leins.	,

CAP. IY.

No Englishman, &c. /hall tranf-poitWooIl, &c. in a Stranger’s Name, nor keep a Servant beyond the Sea to furvey the Sale of Wooll, Sec.

Nor exchange foreign Wares in Payment for Staple, but /hall take Gold, See. Every Man may carry his owri Wooll, Sec. to the Staple to fell. Warranty of the packing of WoolL

•None going unto or returning from the Staple {hall be difturbed by Purveyors.

ITEM pur cet> que nul eftaple poet eftre profitable pur nous et pur nouz ditz Roialme et terres, fi ele ne foit fraunchefe, fi voloms et grauntoms pur nous et pur nous heirs pur maintenaunce de dite eftaple, qe toutz manors dezgentz puifl'enr venir ovc lour cariagez et biens devers leftaple, et retourner de cel fraunche-rtient, faunz ceo qils foient deftourbes per prifes de nous ou de nul autre, fauvez a nous et a nous heirs toutz raaners des prifes Roialx dez toutz maners des cariages et vitailles per toutz nouz Roialme et terres avauntditez auncienment due’s et ufes de droit, come ad. efte fait per nous et nous aunceftres devaunt cez hures ; et eit chefcun cariour retournant del Eftaple un bill fouth le feall du maire de la eftaple, per quel i! poet eftre conuz, qil fert a la eftaple, contOnauntz les journez que luy bufoigne pur fone retourner al hoftel, quele bill luy foit fraun pur autre que ne fert a leftaple; et

riage de ce que appartient a leftaple, _	_	_	a

leve fur lez pernours, et foient maintenaunt lez pernours pris per gentez de la ville ou la prife fuift fait, upon'thofe'tbac ou pur gentz nautres ville?, fils foient diffuantez, et mefnez devaunt le Senefchal et Maire de noftre Hoftiell, take the Goods-et illoeqs foit fait redde puniilement de eux, folonc ceo que le fait demande ; Et fi tiel prife foit fait hors 0/ the Staple*, de la verge, foit hue et crie leve, et foient lez pernours pris et areftuz per le ville ou tieux prifes fount faitez, ou per autres villes profeheinz fils foient diffuantez, et mefnez al profehein gaole, et illoeqs foit fait de eux come de Larons, ft le fait le demaunde. Et en cas que lez gentez dez tieux villez foient re-bellez, et ne voillent pas purfucr de arefter tieux pernours come avaunt eft dit, refpoignent lez iiij villes procheinz dez damages, que purrount eftre troves devaunt ceux que nous a ce affigneroms, queux lez plcintifs averount encouruz pur lour defaut, fils ne fe puiffent ent refonablement excufer. Et fi tieux prifes foient faitez en lieux ou lez eftaples fount, foient lez pernours areftuz per le Maire et Miniftres de leftaple, iffi'nt toutz voies'que fi tiel prife foit fait a leftaple, et le eftaple foit deinz le virge, et lez pernours areftuz foient de noftre hoftiel, adounqs foit fait de eux come devaunt eft dit per le Meire et Mrni-ftres de leftaple, et foient lez Senefchal et Mair de r.oftre hoftel ou le lieutenant le Senefchal a ce appellez fil y voillent eftre, pur veier que droit fe face as dites pernours folonc le ley de le Eftaple ; et en cas qils ne veignent point, aillent lez Mair et Miniftres de leftaple avaunt en le proces, et facent juftiee folonc le ley de leftaple, nient contrifteaunt le noun venue de ditz Senefchal et Maire, et le lieu tenant avauntditez,.

CAP. V.

icnement graunte ; et laic le maire juree, que U ne tra nul tiel Dill ft nul tiel cariour carecle befte nef ou autre chofe que fert pur ca- What Penalty foit pris, et foit deinz la verge hors de la ftaple, foit hue et crie infixed.

None of the King’s Jultices fhall take Cogniliince of Things belonging to the Staple.

ITEM en cas que noftre banke ou le comune banke ou Juftices de Eire ou Juftices daflifez ou la Place de la Marefchalfie ou afeuns autres Juftices veignount es lieux ou lez dites eftaplez fount, lez’ diies Juftices Senefcal ne Marefcalz nautres dez ditez piacez. neient conifaunce illoeqs dez chcfes q,ue ap-partignent al conifaunce dez Mairs et Miniftres de leftaple.

CAP. VL

None of the King’s Officers ftiall meddle-where the Staples be;

ITEM nous voloms et defendoms, que nul Marefcalx nautre miniftre de noftre hoftel ne dautre facent livere, ne fe meillent, as lieux ou lez eftaples fount tenuz, drz melons ou marebauntz ou lour rneigne ou lainz ou autres marchandifes de leftaple ferrount herberges, nentrent en ycellez pur lour office faire,. ne rier.z ne priegnent, pur ent faire difporte a nully, fur ptyne de faire gree a la partie a qui fuite il ferra-atleint du quatrcble de ceo que le pleintif ferra endamage, & outre foit grevoufment puny deyers nous.

3

C A P.

278	Stat. 2,

Anno viceiimo feptimo Edwardi III. A. D. 1353.

,g Bulftr, zx*

£6 E. 3. c. 7.

'•Pleas of Land, Felony, or Maim done within the Staple.

Dyer 144.

Fit z.^Trial, 30, 3*> 71. a 1 H. 7. f. 32. Where the Trial fhall be by Denizens, and where ,by Medictatem lingua?.

-2% Ed. 3. c. 13. $ H. 6. c. 29.

Sn what Manner Execution fhall be made of the Statute-Staple. 15 H- 7- f- 16.

Execution a-wardedoutof the Chancery, if the Debtor h?vc not fjfScicnt in the Sraplr.

K ■	151,	289.

27 H. 0. f. 6.

C A P. VII.

Licences granted to carry Merchandifes forth of the Realm fhall be void.

MS. Reg.

ITEM nous voloms & grauntoms que nul conge ne privilege de faire pafler per Engleis Irrois ne Galeis leins quires peaux lanutez ne plumbe hors dez, ditez Roialme & terres ne foient grantez per nous ne •-nous heirs contre ceft ordinaunce ; & fi nullez foient grauntes a contrarie, foient tenuz pur nullez, & ne doignent excufation ne garauntie a ceux que ferrount pafler lez ditz marchaundifes, qils nencourgent lez peinz & forfaitures contenuz en le dite tierce articule.

CAP. VIII.

The Jurifdidtion of the Mayor and Conflables of the Staple. All People of the Staple fhall be ruled by the Law-Merchant, and not by the Common Law.

ITEM avoms ordeigne & eftabli, que lez Mairs & lez Counftables de leftaples eient jurifdi&ion & co-nifaunce deinz lez villez ou leftaples ferrount & en lez fuburbes dicels dez gentez & dez toutz maners vhofes tochauntes leftaple, & que touts merchants veignants a leftaple lour fervants & meignie en leftaple 'foient mefnes per la ley merchant de toutes chofes touchants leftaple-, & nemy a la comune fey de la terre, -ne per ufage dez Citces Burghs nautres Villes; & qils nempledent my ne foient empledez devaunt lez Juftices dez ditez lieux en plee de dette covenaunt et trefpas touchant le eftaple,- einz pledent toutz perfons de queux ils foi voidrent pleindre, fi bien de ceux que ne fount my de leftaple come ceux que fount de leftaple, que ferrount illoeqs troves, et foient en mefme la manere empledes, folement devaunt le Mair et Juftices de leftaple, que ferrount a ceo deputes, dez toutz maners des plees et da&ions, dountla conifance appartient as Miniftres de leftaple; iffint tout foitz, que de toutz maners contra&es et covenauntes faites entre marchaunt et marchaunt ou autres dount lun partie foit marchaunt ou Miniftre de.leftaple, le quel que les contracts ou covenantz foient fait deins leftaple ou dehors, et auxint dez trefpas faitez deins leftaple a marchaunt ou as Miniftres de‘.leftaple per autres, ou per nul de eux as autres, eflie la partie pleintif, le quel il voet fucr fa aiStion ou fa qtierele devaunt lez Juftices de la Eftaple per le ley de leftaple, ou en autres places a la comune ley ; et foit a ceo refeeu. Iffint totes voies, qes plees tochantes afeun del hoftell le Se-nclchall et fon lieutenaunt et le marcfcall de noftre dit hoftiel y foient devaunt la Mair de la Eftaple, pur veier que droit fc face as parties, come devaunt eft dit, fils y voillent eftre. Mes dez plees de terre et de Franlce tenement foient a la comune ley. Et fi marchauntz ou lour gentez eftauntez a leftaple per caufe de cel facent felonie, ou foient tues defrobbes ou maheimes per queconque perfone, foient le Maire de leftaple et autres covenables affignes Jufticez, a o-ier et terminer lez dites felonies et maheymz deinz leftaple faunz delay folonc le comune ley. Et fi nul tie! felone ou trefpaftbur foit prife et detenus deinz afeun Fraun-chefe, a qi que foit, per caufe de tielfelonie, ou mahame fait deinz leftaple, foit maintenaunt maunde per briefe, de fair yenir lc dit felone ou cely que fift. le maheime dev.aunt Je.z ditez Juftices, de fair droit de ly en la forme avauntdit. Et fi ceux que ount tieux prifons en gard, n.e lez voile deliverer, encourgent la paine de C.li. devers nous, et jademeinz dcliverent le corps cn la forme fulfdite. Et en cas que nul en-clitemcnt foit fait hors de la Eftaple dez felonies et trefpaffes faitez per gentez de leftaple ou per autres as eux deinz leftaple, foit cel enditement maunde devaunt le dit Mair et ceux que ferrount affignez oveque luy Juftices, a faire droit en cel partie. Et fi plee ou debait foit tnene devaunt le Mair de leftaple entre lez marchauntz et miniftres dicellcz, et fur ce pur trier ,1a verite enquefte ou prove foit apprendre ; fi vo-lumus que fi lun partie et lautre foit eftraunge, foit trie per eftraunges, et fi lun partie et lautre foit denizins, foit trie per denizins, et fi June partie foit denizin et lautre partie Alien, foit lun moite de lenqueft ou del prove dez denizeins & lautre moite des Aliens,

CAP. IX.

The Effect of a Recognifance knowledged in the Staple for Recovery of a Debt.

ITEM afyn que lez contradtz faitez deinz leftaple foit le meutz tenuz, et lez paimentz preftement faitez, fi avoms ordeigne et eftabliz, que chefcun mair des dits eftaples eiet poair de prendre recognifances de dettes que home voudra faire devant luy en prefence des conflables de leftaple ou lun de eux, et quen chefcun dez ditez eftaples foit un feal ordeigne, demuraunt en le garde du dit mair de leftaple fouth lez feals des counftables, et que toutz obligations que y ferrount faitez fur tielx reconifaunces foient en feals de dite feal payaunt pur chefcun obligation de C. li. et dedens de chefcun livere un maille. Et de chefcun obligation outre C. li. de chefcun livere un eftcrlinge. Etque lemairde leftaple per vertu de celes lettres puifle prendre et tenir en prifon les corps du dettour apres la terme encorus, fil foit trove dcins leftaple, tanque ils eient fait gre au creditour de la dete et des damages, et auxint darefter lez biens de mefines lez dettours trovez deinz ht dite cftapule, et deliverer lez dites biens as creditours per verroi eftimation, ou de lez vendre a mieutz que homme purra, et deliverer lez deners as ditez creditours, tanque al fomme due. Et en cas que lez dettours ne foient trovez deinz leftaple, ne lour biens a la value de la dette, foit ceo certifie en Chauncellerie fouth le dit 1'e.ale ; fur quel certification foit brief maunde, dc prendre lez corps dez ditez dettours faunz lez mettre a meinprife, ct de feifir lour terres et tenementz bienz ct chnteux, et foit la dit bref retourne in noftre Chauncellerie ove la certification de la value dez ditez terres et tenementz bienz et chateux, et fur ceo y foit due

execution

Stat. 2.	279

MS. Reg.

execution fait de jour en jour, en la manere come il eft contenuz en leftatut marchaunt; iflint quc celui a qi le dette eft due eit eftat de franke tenement en lez terres ct tenementz que luy ferrount liveres per vcrtue de cel proces, et recoverer per lettre de novel diflefine en cas qil foit oufte, et que le dettour licit my avauntage del quarter dun an, que eft contenuz en le dit eftatut marchaunt. Et en cas que nul crcditour lie voille aver lettres de ditc feal, eins voille cftre a la foie le dettour, ft apres la terme encoru il demaunde le dette, foit le dettour cru fur 1'a foy.

CAP. X.

There lhall be but one Weight, Meafure, and Yard throughout the Realm.

ITEM pur cco que nous avoms entendu, que afeuns tnarchauntz achatent avoir de pois leynz et autres marchandifes per un pois, et vendent per un autre, ct fount auxint deceivables retretes fur le poiftr, et auxint ufent faux mefures et verges, en graunde difeeite de nous et de tut la comunalte et dez loialx mar-chauntz; ft voloms et eftahlifloms, qun pois, un meftire, et un verge foit per tut la terre, ft bicn hors de la eftaple come dedeinz, et qe leins et tut maner’ de avoir de pois foient poifes per balaunces, iflint que la lange de la balance foit owel, faunz encliner a lun partie ou a lautre, ct faunz mettre main ou pee ou autre touche faire ; et quc celuy que face al encontre a damage du dit vendour, forface devers nous la valew de la marchaundife iflint poife et mefure, et eit la partie que fe pleindra le quatreble de ce qil ferra endamage, et eit le trefpafi'our lenprifonment dun an, et foit rente a la volume noftre Seignur le Roi; et fur ceo foient af-fignes Juftices denquerer dez tieux trefpaflours, as toutz lez foitz que meftre ferra, et de faire droit auxi bien a noftre fute come a fute dautres que foy verrount pleindre.

CAP. XI.

The Penalty for foreftalling of Merchandife before they come to the Staple.

ITEM nous avoms ordeigne et eftabli, que toutz marchauntz denizeins et aliens que amefnerount vyns ct autres merces et marchaundifes, queconques que foient, a leftaples burghs et bones villes et lez portez iu mere deinz nouz ditz Roialme et terres, les puiflent favement et faunz chalange ou empechement de nulli rendre en gros ou a retaille ou per parcels a lour volunte, as quecunques gentz que lez voudrount achatre, :t que nul marchaunt prive neftraunge naultre de quel condition qil foit aille per terre ne per ewe den-mntre tieux vins merces ne marchandifes venauntez en nous dites Roialme et terres en mere naillours, pur ez forftaller achatre ou en autri maner arrier, avaunt qils veignent en leftaple ou a porte ou ils ferrount dif-:harges, nentre les nefs pur tiel caufe, tanque lez marchaundifes foient mys a la terre pur vendre, fur les uines et forfaitures contenuz en le dite articulc.

CAP. XII.

The Penalty of felling Wooll, &c. to a Scottijh Man to be carried into Scotland.

[TEM que nul marchaunt prive ne eftraunge nautre amefne hors de noftre Roialme Dengl’ leins quirs peaulx lanutes a Berwike fur Twede ne nul part aillours en Efcoce, ne que nul homme, marchaunt iautre de quel eftat ou condition qil foit, vende fez leynz pealx lanutz ne quirs a nul homme Defcoce, ne nul autre pur amefner en Efcoce fur lez peinez & forfaitures contenuz en le didtc tierce articule.

CAP. XIII.

A Remedy where a Merchant’s Goods be robbed or perilhed on the Sea. -

[TEM nous voloms & grauntoms, que ft afeun marchaunt prive ou eftraunge foit difrobbe dez biens fur meere, et lez biens enli robbes veignount afeun part deinz nous dites Roialme et terres, et voet fuer pur ;z dites biens recoverer, foit refeu a prover lez ditez bienz eftre lez foens per fes marches ou per fa carte u koket ou per bonez et loialx marchauntz prives ou eftraunges, et per tieux proves foient mefmes les biens eliveres al marchaunt, faunz autre fuite faire a la comune ley. Et en cas que nul niefs iflint de nous ditez loialme et terres, en venantez a ycel, per tempeft ou per autre infortune debrufent fur lez coftes de mere, & vt bienz veignent a terre, que ne porrount eftre dit Wreke, foient maintenaunt faunz-fraude ou mal engine eliverez as marchauntz as queux lez biens fount, ou a lour fervauntz fur tiel paine come devaunt eft dit, ayauntez a eux que lez averount fauvez et gardez covenablement pur lour travaill, ceftafavoir per difere-on des vifeountes Baillifs ou autres miniftres es lieux gildables, ou autres Seignurs nount point de fraun-hefe, et per lavife ct laffent de iiii ou vi dez meillours et plus fuffifauntes prodehomes du pays ; & ft ce foit eins fraunchefe dautres Seignurs, adonqs fe face per lez fenefcalx ou baillifs dc'fraunchefe per afient de iiii u vi prode homes, come deftiis eft dit, faunsz nul delay.

I

Dyer 206.

What Eltatc the Creditor /hall have in the Debtor’s Land extended.

13 Ed. 1. Hat. 3, C. I. I5 R. 2. c, 9» 23H.8.C.6*

The Penalty of him which doth not weigh by equal Balance.

9 H. 3, flat, 1. c. 25, 14 Ed. 30 flat. 1. c. 12, 9H.5.C.8. 8 H» 6. c.5. 31 H. 7. c. 4. 12 if. 7. f. 5.	3	6	Car.	It

c. 39. and 22. Car* 2. c. S.

28 Ed. 3, c. ISffr-

CAP.

280 Scat, 2.

Anno viceEmo feptimo Ed ward i III. A. D. 1353*

Foreign Money not to be of common Currency in the Realm; nor old Sterling to be carried out of it. Provifo for Merchants Strangers. All falfe Money forfeited to the King.

2 Infh 20$,

One Merchant's Guods fhall not be feifcd for a-nother’s Debt, but upon Caufe. Lav/ of Marque. Merchants of Enemies Countries (hall have convenientTimc by Proclamation to fell their Goods, and to depart.

4». s. c. 7.

CAP. XIV.

Merchants may bring in Gold or Silver to the King’s Exchanges, and carry out as much.

MS. Reg.

TTEM avoms ordeigne et eftabli, que toutz marchauntz privez et eftraunges puilTent favement amefner.

et porter deinz nous dites Roialme et terres plate dargent billettes dor et tut autre maner dor et toutz moneys dorct dargent a noftre bullione ou a nous efehaunges, que nous ferroms ordeiner a nouz ditez efta-ples et aillours, pernant illoeqs money de noftre coigne covenablement a la value. Et fi nul voille prendre bone monoye dor et dargent dautre coigne que de noftre en paiment, le preigne faunz empecheme'nt, ft que nul foit a ceo arte fil ne voil prendre de gre : purveu toutez voies, que nul tnonee neit comune cours deinz noftre Roialme forfque le money de noftre coigne, et que nul emporte hors de noftre Roialme veil efterlinge nautre money horfpris lez marchauntz eftraunges, queapporten: afeun money et ne voillent emploier cel money, quelez nous voilloms qils puiflent le money que demura nient emploie reporter en lour pays, iffint que bone ferche ent foit fait en lez portez et lieux ou arrivaille eft, et que tout le money que chacun eftraunge. marchaunt amefnera en noftre Pvoialme foit mys en eferiptez per lez ferchours, a fyn que nul naporte plus quil nerrlporta en noftre dit Roialme, et que nul minifter per colour de tiel ferche face empechement ne di-fturbaunce a nul eftraunge marchaunt, pur luy grever, et que tout faux monoyes que ferrount trovez per tiel ferche deinz noftre Roialme en defeeit de noftre money foit forfaitz a nous folonque lez ordinauncez. autre foitz ent faitez.

CAP. XV.

Indentures lhall be made between Carriers of Woolls by the Water, and the Bailiffs of Towns where they load them ; which Carriers (hall be fworn and bound to carry them to the Staple.

ITEM nous voloms et eftablifoms, que ce.ux- que ount leynz quers pealx lanutez.et plumbe en pays entre lez lieux ou lez eftaples fount et le meere, et lez voillent faire carier a leftaples per ewes douces ou per braces de meere, facent endentures entre eux et lez baillifs de villes cudls les metteront'en nief, teftemoig-nauntz comebien de leynz quits peaulx.lanutes et plumbe eft iffint mys en nief; Et les baillifs dez’lieux'preig-nent ferment et fuffifaunt feurte, pur quels ils vodrount refpondre, de euX et dez-mariners, qils irrount ove ces leynz quirs pealx et plumbe a lez eftaples et nul part aillours, et defehargeront illoeqs, devaunt qils en-trent le mere. Et que lez baillifs envoient maintenaunt lun partie del endenture contenaunt le feurte et le quantite des leynz quirs pealx & plumbe, au mair del cftaple, as collages de ceux as queux lez biens fount, per afeun home pur.qupi ils voidrount refpondre. Et ft nul Mair Baillif omMiniftre de lieu ou1 tielx mar-chaundifes ferrount charges, fuffrei.it lez ditez marchaundifes puffer en autre maner, encourgent fibien le Mair & le Baillif & Miniftres avauntditz come lez marchaunt quelez chargera les paines &-forfaitures con-tenuz en le dite tierce articulc.

CAP.- XVf.

Houfes fn'all be let for Reafonable Rents, in Staple Towns, impofed by the Mayor,-fife.

ITE M qen chefcun ville ou leftaple ferra tenuz folent:ordeins certeins ruez '& lieux; ou lez leyns Si au-- tres marchaundifes ferront mys. Et pur ceo que lez Seighurs ou gardeins dez melons es lieux voiauntez la neceffite dez marchauntz- meitrount per cas lour meafons a trop haut ferme ; fi avoms ordeigne, quelez mcafons que. fount a lefter en tiel maner, foient mys a refonable ferme; folonc lordinaunce de mair et des con-ftables leftaple et iiii. prodes homes dez meillours de la ville ou leftaple eft, que ferrount jurres en le prefence dez dites. maire et conftables, de faire loiall tax,‘fi que purdefaute dez meafons leftaple ne foit my empeche, et que nul homme queamegne fez leynz et autres marchaundifes illoeqs ne foit diftourbe de herberger mef-mes lez leyns et marchaundifes en lez meafoiis,. queux ils averont iffint alowes.

c a p: xvii. .	i	c

A Merchant Stranger fhall not be impeached for another’s Debt, but upon good Caufe.-' Merchants of Enemies Countieys lhall fell their Goods in convenient Time, and depart,

}TEM que nul marchaunt eftraunge foit emplede ou empeche pur autri trefpas, ou pur autri dette, dount il rieft pas dettour plegge ou mainpernour : purveu toutfoiz, que ft nuls noz liegez gentez, marchauntz ou autres, foient endamages per afeuns Seignurs dez eftraunges terrez ou lour fubjeitz, et lez ditez Seignurs duement rcqui3 faillent de droit a nous ditz geptz; nous eioms le ley de mark et irepreifalx, come ad efte ufe avaunt cez heurcs, faunz fraude ou msl engine. Et en cas, que aieu defende, afeun debate, fourde entre nous et afeuns Seignurs dez eftraunges terres, ne voilloms. mye que lez gentz et marchauntz de la dite terre foient fodeignment fubduz de nouz ditrz Roialmeet terrez per caufe de la dit debat™, einz que ils foientgar-niz et proclamation ent public; et qils voiderit lez ditz Roialme et terres ove lour bienz fraunchemcnt deinz xl. jours apres la garnifi'ement ou proclamation faites; et que en le' mefne temps ils ne" foient de rien empedhez ne deftourbez de Tour pafiage, ou de lour profit fair de meftnes lez marchaundifez, fils lez voillent vendre; et en cas qen defaute de vente ou de navee ou dc maladie ou autre caufe evident ils ne porrount voider nous ditez Roialme et terres cn fi brief temps, dounqs ils eient autre xl. jours ou plus fi ineftre foit, deinz quel temps ils-porrount pafler covenablement ove lour marchaundifes, ou vendre, come devaunt eft dite.

Stat. 2e

CAP. XVIII.

Merchants of Ireland or Wales may bring their Merchandifes to the Staples of England.

MS. Reg.

ITEM pur ceo que nous penfoms bien, que lez Marchauntz eftraunges ne viegnent mie comunemcnt en It flull be Fe-Irland nen Galez pur Marcbaunder, come iis fount en Engleterre, Si voloms de noftre grace cfpccialle, )ony for any que bien life as gentz Dirland et Gales, que ne porrount deliverer lour leynz quirs peaulx lanutes et plumbe We01 en Irland et en Galez as dites Marchauntes eftraunges, de venir ove lour Marchaundifes, apres ceo qils thefrWooiWtc. foient cuftumes et coketts en Irland et Galez, a afeuns de nous eftaplez en England,	a quel lour plerra,	to	any	other

aportantz lour coketts tefmoignaunts lour Marchaundifes qils defehargerount a leftaple	Dengl’; iffint que	Place, faring to

eux quaunt ils ferrount venuz a leftaple Dengl’ ne ceux que lour Marchaundifes achaterount de eux illoeqs, ll»e Staple, ne paierount autrefoitz cuftume ne fubfide pur lez ditez Marchaundifes iffint cuftumes en noftre dit terre Dirland ou de Gales. Et foient nouz Trefurer et Barons de noftre Efcheqer Dengl’	certifiez deux foitz

per an ameyns, fcilicet a la Pafque et Seint Michelle, comebien dez leynz quirs pealx	lanutes et plumbe

paflent hors de la dite terre Dirland et de la cuftume ent paie. Et en cas que les Merchants ou autres gentz Dirlaund ou de Gales apres ceo que ils foient en meere ove lour ditez Marchaundifez paflent aillours qe a leftaples en Engleterre, encourgent lez paines et forfaitures contenuz en la dite tierce articule.

CAP. XIX.

None fhall lofe his Goods by his Servant’s Offence. Speedy Juftice fhall be done from Day to

Day, and from Hour to Hour.

ITEM que nul Marchaunt nautre, de quel condition qil foit, perde ne forface fez bienz ne Marchaundifez pur trefpas et forfaiture de fon fervaunt, fil ne le face per Comaundement ou abette de fon meiftre, ou qil eit mefpris en loffice en qUel fon meiftre luy ad mys, ou en autre manere qe le maiftre foit tenuz a refpondre pur le fait fon fervaunt per le ley Marchaunt, come per aillours ad efte ufee. Et pur MerchantsStran* ce que Marchauntz ne pont fovent lodgement demurere en un lieu, pur entrelefler lour Marchaundifes, Si gersfliall have voloms que haftive droit lour foit fait de jour en jour et de hure en hure, folounqe lez leys ufeez en autre Prefent Remedy eftaples tenuz avaunt cez hures per aillours, tout les foitzs qiles les voidrount pleindre de nulli, ou que nul ^/nc^daneta fe voidra pleindre de eux, iffint que lez Marchauntz ne foient per malice taries pur defaut de haftive remedie. them. ^

CAP. XX.

Merchants Strangers taken in the King’s Protection; and for their Wrongs fhall recover double

Damages.

ITEM pur ceo que nous avoms prife toutz Marchauntz eftranges venantes en nous dites Roialme et terres en noftre dit cfpeciale protection, et outre graunte de lour fair haftive remedie des grevaunces, ft nuls lour foient faites, Si avoms ordine et eftabli, que ft nul outrage ou grevaunce lour foit fait en pays hors del eftaple, les Juftices de lieu, ou tiels outrages ferrount faites, facent haftiment Juftice a eux, folom le ley Marchaunt de jour en jour et de hure en hure, faunz defporte faire a nulli ou de les mettre fuere, a la comune ley. Et ft nul foit convidte, qil eit greve lez Marchauntz iffint prife en noftre protection, foit pur le contempt fait a nous puny devers nous en taunt come ferra adjuge as Marchauntz pur fez damages, et foient as dites Marchauntz eftraunges lourdamagez reltores a double.

CAP. XXI.

A Mayor and two Conftables fhall be chofen yearly in every Staple Town : And their Authority.

ITEM pur ceo qe lez eftaples ne fe porrount mye longement tenir, ne lez ordinaunces ent faites ou affaire eftre gardez, ft bones executours et Juftices ne foient eftabliez, pur fair ent bone et redde ley et execution; Si avoms ordeine et eftabli, que en chefcun Vilie, ou leftaple eft ordeine, foit fait et eftabli un mair bone loial et fuffifaunt, eiaunt conifaunce de la ley Marchaunt, pur govcrne.r leftaple, et faire droit a chefcun folonc lez leys avauntditez, faunz favour defport ou gref faire a nulli; et foient auxint en chefcun lieu, ou leftaple eft, deux Coneftables covenables ore a fon comencement mys per nous, pur fair ceo que attient a lour office, en manere come en autres eftaples eft accuftume. Et quaunt ils ferrount mortes ou chaunges, adounqs foient autres efluz per la volunte dez Marchauntz de dit lieu. Et que nul Maire tiegne loffice outre un An, fil ne foit de novel efluz per la communalte dez Merchauntz, auxibien dez tftraungez come dez denizeins. Et que lez ditz Mair et Coneftables eient poair de garder la pees, et de arrefter lez malfefours en leftaples pur trefpas det ou pur autre coqtempt, et lez mettre en prifone, et pu-Jiir folom le ley del eftaple. Et foit ordeine un prifone pur la fave garde deux que ferrount iffint empri-fones. Et foient lez Mair Vifcounte et Baillif dez Villes ou leftaple eft, ou joynauntz a leftaple, entend-auntz as Mair et Miniftres del Eftaple, de faire execution de lour maundements a quel hure qils font re-quife, fur peine de greve forfeiture. Et foit un Seignur ou autre de pluis fuffifantsdu pais ou leftaple eft, affigne deftre en aide as Mair & Miniftres del eftaple, et jufticier les rebelx, que per les dites Mair & Vol. I.	O	o	Miniftres

28 2

Stat. 2.

Regrft. i3.

54 R. t. c. 3.

Matters in Queftion in the Staple lhall be decided by the Chancellor.

Annovicefimo feptimo Edwardi III. A. D. 1353.

MS. Reg.

Miniftres ne purrount eftre juftices, & de lez meintener & counfeiller quaunt mefter Terra, a bone go-vernement del eftaple. Et fi nul Marchaunt fe voil pleindre de Mail- ou dez Coneftables, qils ount faillez de droif, oil favour fait countre refone a nul partie, foit haftiment redrefTe per le Chaunceller & autres de noftre Counfeill, faunz nul delay. E que mefmes les Maire & Coneftables ne facent ne ordeinent rienz que foit a contrarie de ceftes ordinaunces, ne facent enterpretation ne exception a ycell, autrement que lez parols ne purportent; mes fil y ad rienz que foit en doute, foit monftre a noftre counfeill, & il-loeqs foit declare per bone advife.

CAP. XXII.

Correctors fnall be appointed in the Staple Towns to make and record Bargains.

JTEM nous avoms ordeine, que en chefcun lieu ou leftaple fe eftendra, foit certein nombre dez Cor-redtours, fibien dez eftraunges come privez, bones gentez fuffifauntez & fachauntez de tiel mefter, pur loiahnent faire & recorder lez bargaines .entre lez Vendours et Achatours, come ad efte ufee en autres eftaples tenuz aillours ; et qils treuflent fuffifauntz Mainpernours devaunt lez Mair et Conftables de leftaple, de loialment faire ce que appent a lour office, et fils foient troves en defaut, paient taunt a celuy que Terra endamage, come fon perde amountra, iffint qils ne fe mellent de nul maner de Marchaundie pur le temps qils demurrount en loffice. Et que nul home foit conftreint davoir correctour, fi il ne le voile avoir de gre, ne de paier rien a nul corredtour, fil ne le melle a fon bargaine a fa requefte.

CAP. XXIII.

The Officers of the Staple, and Merchants repairing to it, ffiall be fworn to maintain the

Staple, and the Laws and Cuftoms of it.

ITEM que certein nombre de Porters Packers Wyndours overours et autres laborers dez leynez et autres Marchaundifez foit ordeine fuffifauntement pur le lieu ou leftaple eft, et foient ils et lour Cor-reftours et toutz maners Dofficers de leftaples, eftre lez Conftables, jurrez devaunt le Mair de] eftaple, qils loialment ferrount lour office faunz fraude ou mal engyne. Auxint foient toutz Marchauntz Denizeins et Aliens venauntz as dites eftaples per caufe des Marchaundife jurrez devaunt lez Mair et Conftables, qils ferrount juftizablez per lez ditez Mair et Conftables folonc le ley et ufage, et maintenerount queque en eux cit leftaple et lez leys et lez ufages de ycelle fans fraude ou mal engyne. Et lez Maire et Conftables ferront jurrez en laChauncelaric, de fair loialment ce que a eux appartient.

CAP. XXIV.

Two Merchants Aliens ffiall be chofen to be affociate in Judgement to the Mayor and Conftables. And fix Mediators of Queftions between Buyers and Sellers ffiall be chofen.

ITEM nous voloms et ordeinoms, que lez Marchauntz eftraunges eflifent deux Marchauntz, dez queux lun devers le South et autre devers le North foient affigne de feere ove le Maire et Conftables del Eftaple, ou afcuns dez ditez lieux viendra, doier lez pleintez touchantz Marchauntz Aliens, que ferrount me-gnes devaunt lez ditez Mair et Conftables, a toutz lez foitz que afcun dez ditez efluez vodra eftre, et de gvcier que plein droit foit fait as ditez Marchauntz Aliens, iffint que lez dites Mair et Coneftables ne cef-fent point daler avaunt en lour procez, en cas que tieux eflues ne viegncnt pas. Et en cas que debate furde entre eux fur afcun difcuffion fur afcun plee ou querele, foit le tenour de cel plee ou querel mande devant le Chaunceller et autres de noftre Counfeille, a terminere illoeqs faunz delay. Et foient auxint efluz fex perfones fcilicet iiii dez aliens dount ii foient de Almaigne et ii de Lumbardie et ii Dengl’ que foient bones gentz et de foy, et facent ferment de fair bien et loialment lour office, quant et a quel hure afcun queftion ou debait furdra ou avendra enter Marchauntez dafcun non refonable leyn ou dafcun non due packure, folonc lez covenantz faitez entre le achatouret vendour; que lez ditez perfones ou iiii deux puif-fent devaunt le Mair del eftaple et fez officers per lour ferment dire et ainendre, ficome refone voudra, et a eux fur ceo foit done credence faunz nul counterdit.

CAP. XXV.

It {hall be Felony to make any Confpiracy which may turn to the Difturbance of the Staple.

ITEM avoms ordeine et eftabli, que nul Marchaunt nautre face confpiracie confederacie covigne yma-gination ou murmure ou mal engyne, en nul point que purra turner en empechement ou deftourbaunce defefance ou defcres dez ditz eftaples, ou de riens de ce que eux appartient ou purra appartener: & fi afcun face, et deceo foit atteint devaunt Mair & Miniftres del eftaple, ou autre que nous a ceo alfigneroms, en-courge lez peins & forfaitures contenuz en le tierce articule.

CAP.

Stat. 2

283

CAP. XXVI.

Credit lliall be given to Letters, or the Merchants Oaths, of the Value of their Goods.

MS. Reg.

ITEM come foit contenu en Ie Chartre noftre Ael graunte as Marchauntz eftraunges, et per nous con-ferme, que dez Marchaundifes quels ils amegnerount en nouz ditez Roialme & terres, & dez queux iii. d. de la livere fount a apaier per le ditz Marchauntz eftraunges folounq mefme le graunt, foit done foy & credence a eux fur la valewe dez dittez Marchaundifez, per lettres quels ils porrount monftre de mefme lez biens de lour Seignurs ou compaignons, & fil neient point certein lettres quels ils porrount monlire de mefme lez biens, foient crues de lour ferment en cel partie; & ja done eft a entendre a nous & a noftre Counfeill par la pleint dez ditez Marchauntz, que tout eiaunt ils lettres teftemoignantes la valew de lour Marchaundifez, les Vicountes Maires Baillifs & Miniftres de plufours lieux lez conftreinent de jurer pur mefme lez Marchaundifez, countre le forme de lour dite chartre, & jalemeins apres le ferment fait enfeallent lour barellez Fardels & Bales, pur queux ils ount fait lour ferment, & lez leflent gifer iiii. jours ou vi. iffint enfealez, avant qils lez voillent veier, & iftint ils tollent as ditez Marchauntz la vente de lour biens, a graunte damage deux ; Nous nient voillantes, que lez Marchauntz eftranges, que viegnent ove lour Marchaunaife en noz ditz Roialme & terres pur comune profit de ycelles, foient en tiel manere grevez, Si voloms grauntoms 5: eftabliflbms, que la dite chartre foit tenu, & que lez Barelles fardelles & bales et lez autres biens dez ditz marchauntz, et pur queux ils averount monftrez lour lettres, que ne fount mye fufpecionoufez, ou fait la ferment, come il eft contenu en mefme le Chartre, maintenant apres le ferment fait, ou tielx lettres monftres, foient lour biens deliveres a eux faunz delai, pur faire ent lour profit, faunz rien prendre des eux ouftre le Cuftume de iij de la livre ; iftint que le Vicounte Mair Baillif ou autre miniftre plus ne fe melient de mefme lez biens, fur peine aemprifonment, et de payer a la partie endamage per cel caufe fez damages a quatreble, et tant a nous, et fur ceo foit droit fait en noftre Chauncellcrie a chefcun pleinte.

C A P. XXVII.

The Forfeiture of thofe which before this Statute have tranfported their Woolls, &c.

ITEM avoms ordeinc ct eftabli, que touts ceuxqe ferrount conuz, qils ount amegne leins quirs et' pealx lanutz as partes dc dcla, contre defenfe et proclamation ent faitz avant le fefaunce de ceft ordinaunce, foient ajugges a la prifon, ct encourgent la forfeiture de mefme lez leynz quirs pealx lanutez iffint palTez, et de touts autres biens et chateux, et outre foient rentez a noftre volunte.

CAP. XXVIII.

The Liberties of the Staple confirmed, notwithfianding the Franchifes of others : But in

Fairs, Markets, Hundreds, Leets, &c.

ITEM nous voilloms grauntoms et ordeignoras, que toutz lez fubfidez et chofes foient fermement gardez et tenuz en toutz pointez, nient contrifteaunt fraunchefe cuftume privilege exemption jugementz ou autres grauntez faitez a Citees Burghs Villes comun Ites gentez de cynke rortezou autres fingulers perfones queconques, et ft riens foit a mendre ajoufter chaunger ou retreer de nul des pointez avauntaitez en temps 0() M avenir pur verroi caufe, Nous voilloms, oue ceo foit fait per deliberation et avys dez Grauntes et autres Ljberc;es i-emg de noftre Counfeill; Salvant en autres cnofes ?s Prelates Dues Countes Barouns et autres Seignurs lour in ihc Staple feires marches et hundredes Wapentakes letes Jurifdidfions Courtes Fraunchefes Privileges et toutz autres faved, chofes as eux regardantz es lieux ou leftaples fount ctftrrount, et aillours, "auxi avaunt come ils lez avoient devaunt lez eftaplez ordeinez.

O-rdinatio de feodis Majorum et Conftabulorum Stapule5 Anno 27

Edvv. III. editum.

MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV.

PUR ceoqe leftaple eft ore de novel ordeinc a demurrer perpetueiment cn Engleterre, et home navoit au comenccment nules evidences en certein, per quels home purroit aftigner ou limiter en certein, ce qe lezMairs et lez Conftables en lez places la ou leftaples font ordienez duifient prendre per An en certen pur lour travaill, mez eftoit adounqs affentuz per les Seignurs et Comunes, qe de chefcun fak ferount levezviijd. pur le primer An, et liverez as dites Mails et Coneftahles en le place lou le Staples fount affignez, quel primer An pafta hors a la Goule dAuguft darren pafle; et ore veignent tantez dez leynz ou bien pres au porte de Loundres, come font en toutz lez autres par my le Roialme; ct as afeuns dez autres Eftaples veignent tantz dez leines come a deux ou trois autres Eftaples, fi qe a un Eftaple veignent plus et a autres meins, iftint qe lez Mairs Bailiffs et Counftables dafeune place pement trop et en afeuns places trop poy et le peuple eft trope charge de paier viij d. de fake come defus eft dit, eiant regard ala foume dez leins qe paftent outre mere; et tout le temps qe le dit Eftaple eftoit demuraunt outre meere, celui qe eftoit efluz Maire pur lez merchauntz Englifh prift un certen per An, et auxint feroit il

O o 2	reafon

284

Stat. 2

Anno viceiimo feptimo Edward 1 III. A. D. 1353.

MS. Reg.

reafon qils priftercnt en Engleterre, et ceo en mefurable maner, chefcun felounq foan travaile, et qe le poeple ne fuift my taunt charge: per qui eft ordeigne per le Roi et lez Grauntez per avys de tout le Counfell, qe home ne ferra lever de fake forfqe iiij d. en nul port de la Goule Dauguft darren pafle tanqe en cea ne defore pur le temps avenir; et qe lez iiij d. de fake en chefcune place ou leftaple eft foient mys en un boift et enfeale dez fealx de Mair et Conftables, au fyn qe lez ditez Mairs et conftables puiffent de ceo eftre paies de lour certen, qils prendrount. Et ft a la fyn del An plus foit en la boifte qe namounte les fees des ditz Maire et Conftables, foit favement garde, a payer et perfourmer lees fees desMaire et Conftables en autre Eftaple, la ou lez iiij d. ne voillent a ceo luffire et ft riens demorrent en lez ditez boiftes apres lez fees payes, foit cel foume refidue falve a comune profit dez merchauntz de leftaple porlan avenir, et pur paier pur les poifes faites de novell et auxint pur paiements au autres chofes neceflaires touchantes leftaplcs. Et quant qe eft leve en toutz places ou leftaples fount outre le dit foume de iiijd. al fake puis le dit Goule Dauguft darren pafle foit rebailie Sc reftitut a loeps avauntdit. Et lez fees de Mair Sc Conftables font ordonnez Sc limites en la fourme qe fenfuit. Scilicet. Le Mair de leftaple a Weftm’ prendra * xx L,vrcs*	C. li’ Sc chefcune Conftable illeoqs xx * marks Mair de Nicholle xl marks Sc chefcune Conftable illoeqes

Rjl'	x marcz Mair Deverwycke Kyngftoun fur Hull Norwich & Wynceftre chacune xx li’ Sc chacune Con-

ftable de ditz places C. s. lez Mairs de Noef Caftell fur Tyne Ciceftre Sc Dexceftre chefcune x li’ & chefcun Conftable de ces places v marcz. Et ft null des Mairs Sc Conftables fufnomes apres ceo qil foit efluz per les merchauntes deftre Mair ou Conftable, refufe le office, paie a la Compaigne a tant come foil fee amounte-roit per An. Et proclamation de ceo foit fait per my Engl’ le vi jour de Novembre lan xxvij.

Statutes ?nade at Wcfhninfter, Anno 28 Edw. III. and Anno Dom.

1354.

£C	^ ^ Eord the King, at his Parliament holden

“ if	at Wejlminjler, the Monday next after the

“	Feaft of St. Mark the Evangelift, the Year of

“ his Reign of England the Eight and twentieth, and “ of France the Fifteenth, to the Honour of God and “ of holy Church, and for the common Profit of him “ and his People, by the Aflent of the Prelates, the “ Prince, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and the Commons “ of this Realm there aflemblcd, hath ordained and V eftabliflied the Points under-written.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 14.

OSTRE Seignur le Roi a fon parlement tenuz a Weymonfter le Lundy profchein apres la fefte de Seint Marc Lewangelift lan de fon regne dEngleterre vint et oetifme et de France quinzifrne a lonour de Dieu et de Seinte eglile et pur commune profit de lui et de fon poeple de laflent dez Prelatz Princes Dues Contes Barons et la Communalte de fon Roialme illoeqes aflem-blez ad ordene et eftabli les points fouzeferiptz.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of all Statutes before made and ufed.

1 77 IR S T, That the Great Charter, and the Char-4 Ip ter of the Foreft, and all other Statutes before 4 this Time made and ufed, be kept and maintained in * all Points.’

PRemerement qe la Grant Chartre Sc la Chartre de la Forefte et touz autres eftatutz avant ces heures faitz et ufez foient gardez et meintenuz en touz pointz.

CAP. II.

Lords of the Marches of Wales fhall be attendant to the Crown of England, and not to the

Principality of Wales.

‘ TT TE M it is accorded and eftabliflied, That all the ‘ JL Lords of the Marches of Wales fliall be perpe-‘ tually attending and annexed to the Crown of Eng-‘ land, as they and their Anceftors have been all Times ‘ paft, and not to the Principality of Wales, in whofe ‘ Hands foever the fame Principality be, or hereafter * fhall come.’

I TTEM acorde eft Sc eftabli qe touz les Seignurs JL de la Marche de Gales foient perpetuelement I entendantz Sc annexes a la corone dEngleterre come ils Sc leur aunceftres ount efte de tout temps avant ces heures Sc noun pas a la Principalte de Gales en qi mains qe meifme la Principalte foit ou devendra apres fes heures.

C A P,

C. 3—7.	285

cap. hi.

No Perfon fhall be condemned without his Anfwer.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM qe nul homme de quel eftate ou condition qil (bit ne foit ofte de terre ne de tenement ne pris nemprifone ne defherite ne mis a la mort faunz eftre mefne en refpons par due proces de lei.

c. 4.

4 TTEM, That no Man of what Eftate or Condi- 3 Bulrtr. 47.

‘ X tion that.he be, fhall be put out of Land or Te- 9 h. 3. ftr. 1.

4 nement, nor taken nor imprifoned, nor difmherited,c- *9- s Eti- 3«

4 nor put to Death, without being brought in Anfwer c' 9-.I4 EJ- 3*

{ by due Procefs of the Law.’	3'	flat.	5,

Enforced by 16 Car. i. c, 10. which regulates the Privy Council, and takes away the Star Chamber,

CAP. IV.

How the King (hall be anfwered the mefne Rates of Lands coming to him by his Tenant's

Death.

ITEM pur ce qe efchetours et autres miniftres le Roi qe ount fait livere e par mandement du Roi de o B.

fa Chancellerie des terres et tenemenz qe clloient pris en la main le Roi par la mort des tenantz qi i»Car. *. c. *4. tindrent de lui a les heirs et autres as queux les ditz terres et tenemenz deveroient defcendre revertir ou remaindre ount efte chargez en lefcheqer des fermes et des rentes dount les termes des paiementz eftoi-ent avenir apres la liveree faite per la rate et lafferant du temps qe meifmes les terres ou tenemenz eftoient en la main le Roi Acorde eft qe des manoirs citees burghs villes hundredes franchifes Sc totes autres terres et tenemenz dount profitz fourdent de temps en temps parmi lan come de molins herbage tolune plees et purchaces de court et autres tieux iflues et profitz chefcun efchetour et autre miniftre qi tieux terres et tenemenz averont feifiz al oeps le Roi foit tenuz de refpondre au Roi pur la rate et lafferant du temps folonc launcien cours de Lefcheqer. Et qe daunciens fermes et rentes qe font a paier as certeines termes come rente fee et rent fervice dount nul profit fourde tanqe au jour du paiement foient tides fermes et rentes paiez a ceux qi ent ount la liveree hors de la main le Roi as termes des paiementz des dites fermes et rentes qe enfuent apres tiele liveree faite fibien de temps paffe come de temps avenir.

CAP. V.

No Iron (hall be carried forth of the Realm.

ITEM acorde eft Sc eftabli qe feer fait en Engle-terre Sc feer mefne en Engleterre & illoeqes vendu ne foit mefne hors du Roialme dEngleterre fur peine de forfaire le double devers le Roi et eient lesjuftices affignez denquere de laborers et autres Juftices queux le Roi vodra a ce affigner poer denquere de ceux qi vendent le feer a trop cher pris Sc de les punir folonc la quantite de trefpas.

‘ TTEM it is accorded and eftabliftied, That Iron By 5 W. & M.

4 JL made in England, and Iron brought into England, c. 17. iron may 4 and there fold, fhall not be carried out of the faid be freelyex-4 Realm of England, upon Pain of forfeiting the double P0Ite<J-4 to the King; (2) and the Juftices * affigned fhall* Affigned to 4 have Power to enquire of Labourers, and the other squire of La-4 Juftices whom the King will thereto affign, fhall bourers*

4 have Power to enquire of them that fell the Iron at 4 too dear a Price, and to puni(h them after the Quan-4 tity of the Trefpafs.’

CAP. VI.

Who (hall be Coroners, and by whom and where they (hall be chofen.

ITEM ordene eft Sc eftabli qe touz coroners des countees foient efluz en pleins contees par les communes de meifmes les contees de plus cove-nables Sc plus loialx gentz qe ferront trovez es ditz contees affaire le dit office Sauve totes foitz au Roi Sc as autres Seignurs qe tieux coroners deivent faire leur Seignories Sc franchifes.

1H. 8.

4 Y TEM it is ordained and accorded. That all Co-4 X roners of the Counties (hall be chofen in the full 4 Counties, by the Commons of the fame Counties, of 4 the moil meet and moft lawful People that fhall be 4 found in the faid Counties to execute the faid Office ;

4 (2) faved always to the King and other Lords which 4 ought to make fuch Coroners, their Seigniories and 3Ed. i-c. so. 4 Franchifes.’	•	*33-

cee 3 ri. 7. c.

7. J £? 1 P. & Al. c. 1%-fcc. 5. and i; Cat, 2. c. 19. concerning Coroner: and their Dnry,

CAP. VII.

No Sheriff (hall continue in his Office above one Year.

ITEM ordene eft & eftabli qe les vifeontez des contees foient remuez chefcun an hors de leur offices Iffint qe nul vifeont qad efte en fon office 3	■

4 TTEM it is ordained and eftabliftied, That the 4 J. Sheriffs of the Counties fhall be removed every 4 Year out of their Offices, fo that no Sheriff that hath

4 been

C. 8—to.	Anno vicefimo ocffavo Edwardi III. A. D. 1354.

c been in his Office by a Year fhall abide in the fame i4E<J.3. flat. j. < Office the Year next following; and that no Com-If j'2 „d',3' ‘ miffion be made to him thereof, or renewed for the

c.g. 23 H. 6. c fame year foIlowing.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. par un an demoerge en meiftne loffice lan prof-cheir. enfuant et qe nuile comrmffion lui ent foit fake ou renovele pur meiiine lan fuant.

See 1 R. 2. r. u. declaring that none nuho have been Sheriffs ffiall ferve again within three Tears ; and farthcry 12 Ed. 4. c. 1. and 17 Ed. 4. c. 7. tmpewtring Sheriffs to occupy their Offices during Michaelmas andIiillary 'Terms, unlejsdischarged before that Time.

Read

c- 7.

CAP. VIII.

An Attaint fhall be granted as well upon a Bill as upon a Writ of Trefpafs.

£ ITEM it is accorded, That the Writ of Attaint ‘ JL fhall be granted from henceforth as well upon a ‘ Bill of Trefpafs, as upon a Writ of Trefpafs, of In-‘ quefts which be to be taken in Time to come with-‘ out having Regard to the Quantity of the Damages.’

3 Ed. i. c. 38.

I Ed. 3. (tat. I. c. 6,	5 Ed. 3.

c.6,7. 34 Ed.3.

f« 7. Raft. S;, Sec. And fee 9 Rich. 2. f. 3. 11 II. 7. c. 21 la 24. IQ II. 7. c. 3, and 13 H. 8. c. 3. for farther Regulations and Extenfont of Attaints,

ITEM acorde eft & eftabli qe brief datteint foit grante defore fibien fur bille de Trefpas come fur brief de Trefpas des Enqueftes qe font a prendre en temps avenir faunz avoir regard au quantite des damages.

CAP.

TV

1A.

No Writ fhall be directed to a Sheriff to charge an Inquefi: to indidc any.

$ II. l. flat. T. c. zG. 3 Ed. i. c. 11. 6 Ed. 1. par. 1. c. 9. jr 3 Ed. i flat. 1. c.z 9. a ml 28 Ed. 3. c. 5.

-Cre. El. 371.

c< irTEM, Becaufe that the People of the Realm “ J. have fuffered many Evils and Mifchiefs, for that “ Sheriffs of divers Counties, by virtue of Commiffions “ and general Writs granted to them at their own “ Suit for their fingular Profit to gain of the People, “ have made and taken divers Inquefts to caufe to in-di£t the People at their Will, and have taken Fine £c and Ranfcm of them to their own Ufe, and have de-“ livered them, whereas i'uch Perfons indi£ted were “ not brought before the King’s Jufiices to have their Deliverance ‘ (2) it is accorded and eftablifned, ‘ for to efehew all fuch Evils and Mifchiefs, That all ‘ fuch Commiffions and Writs before this Time made, ‘ fhall be utterly repealed, and that from henceforth no ‘ fuch Commiffions nor Writs fhall be granted.’

ITEM pur ce qe le poeple du Roialmcad fuffert plufeurs roalx Sc mefehiefs de ce qe vifeontes de diverfes contees par vertue des commiffions & briefs generals a eux grantez a leur feute demefne pur leur finguler profit de gaigner du poeple ount fait St pris diverfes enqueftes de faire enditer les gentz a leur volunte Sc ount pris fins Sc raunceons de eux a leur oeps demefne Sc les ount delivres faunz ce qe tieux enditez feuffent mefnez devant les Juftices le Roi pur leur deliverance avoir Acorde eft Sc eftabli pur tieux malx Sc mefehiefs efehure qe touz tieux commiffions Sc briefs avant ces heures faitz foient outrement repellez Sc qe defore nulles tieux commiffions ne briefs foient grantez.

CAP. X.

The Penalty of the Mayor, Sheriffs, &c. of London, if they do not redrefs Errors and Mif* prifions there; and in what Counties the Trial thereof fhall be.

The Penalty of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Sec. of London, which do not redrefs Errors and Mifprifions there.

The Trial of the Pefault. of the May'T, See. of London, to eh.ng Co-vernriicnt, fLall 1 e by Ir. ueft of foreign Counties,

* 2\.t u, Or it

ITEM, Becaufe that the Errors, Defaults, and Mifprifions which be notorioufiy ufed in the City of London for Default of good Governance of the Mayor, of the Sheriffs, and the Aldermen, cannot be enquired nor found by People of the fame City ■ (a) it is ordained and eftablifhed, That the laid Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aldermen, which have the Governance of the fame City, fhall caufe to be re-dreffed and corrected the Defaults, Errors, and Mifprifions above named, and the fame duly punifh from time to time upon a certain Pain ; that is to lay, At the firft Default a thoufand Marks to the King, and at the fecond Default two thoufand Marks, and at the third Default that the Franchife and Liberty of the City be taken into- the King’s Hand. (3) And be it begun to enquire upon them at St. Alichael next coming, fo that if they do not caufe to be made due Redreis as afore is faid, it fhall he enquired of their Defaults by Inquefts of People of foreign Counties, that is to fay. Of Kent, EJJex, Sttffex, Hertford, Buckingham, and Berks, as well at the King’s Suit as others that will complain.

‘ II- A:iJ if the Mayors, Sheriffs, and Aldermen be by fuch Inquefts * thereto ujftgnccl, indicted, they fhall 4

Y TEM pur ce qe les errours defautes Sc mefpri-JL fions qe font notoirement ufez en la Cite de Londres pur defaute de bone government du Meire des vifeontes & des Aldermans ne purront eftre enquis ne trovez par gentz de meifme la Cite Or-dene eft St eftabli qc les -ditz Meire vifeontes & Aldermans qe ount le governement de la dite Cite, facent redrefeer Sc corriger les defautes errours Sc mefprifions fufnomez Sc les duement punir de temps en temps fur certeine peine celt aflavoir au primer defaut mille marcs au Koi St a la feconde defaut deux mille marcs Sc a la tierce defaut qe la franchife de la Cite foit pris en la main le Roi. Et foit comence denquere fur eux a la Seint Michel prof-chein avenir iffint qe fils ne facent dues redrefee-mentz come defus eft dit foit enquis de leur defautes par enqueftes de gentz de foreins contees ceft aflavoir de Kent Eflex Suflez Hertford’ Buk’ St Berk’ fibien a la feute le Roi come dautres qi pleindre fe vodront.

Et fi les Meire vifeontes St Aldermans foient par tieux enqueftes enditez foient faitz venir par due

proccs

Anno vicefimo oteoEDWARDi III.

C. ii.

A. D. 1354.

28 .7

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. proces devant les Juftices le Roi ql ferront a ce afiignez dehors la dite Cite devant queux ils eient leur refpons fibien au Roi come a la partie. Et fils fe mettent en enqueftes foient celles enqueftes pris par gentz foreins come defus eft dit. Et fils foient atteintz foit la dite peine encurru & leve des ditz Meire vifcontes et Aldermans pur defaute de leur governement Sc nientmeinz les pleintifs recoverent leur damages au treble vers les ditz Meire vifcontes Sc Aldermans. Et par caufe qe les vifcontes de Lon-dres font parties a cefte bufoigne foit le Coneftable de la Tour ou fon lieutenant miniftre en lieu des vifcontes a receivre les briefs fibien originals de la Chancellerie come judicials fouz les fealx des Juftices affaire ent execution en la dite Cite. Et foit proces fait par attachementz & par dcftrefces & par exigende ft meftiere foit Iffint qe a la feute le Roi foit lexigende agarde apres le primer Capias retourne & a le tierce Capias retourne a feute de partie. Et fi les Meire vifcontz Sc Aldermans eient terres ou tenemenz dehors la Cite foit proces fait devers euxpar attachementz Sc deftrefces en meif-mes les contees ou les terres Sc tenemenz font. Et qe chefcun des ditz Meire vifcontz & Aldermans qe vendra devant les dites Juftices refpoigne fingulerc-ment pur lui meifmes fibien au peril des autres qi font abfentz come de lui mefmes. Et cefte orde-nance foint tenue ferme Sc eftable nient contre-cfteant franchife privilege ou cuftumes queconqes. Et fe extend cefte ordenance as autres citees Sc burghs du Roialme ou tieux defautes Sc mefprifions font ufez et nemie duement corrigez ne redrefcez fauve qe les enquefts foient prifes par gentz foreins de meifme le contee ou tides citees et burghs font et qe la peine de ceux des citees burghs et villes qe de ce ferront atteintz foit ajugge par defcretion des Juftices qe a ce ferront afiignez.



4 be caufed to come by due Procefs before the King’s * Juftices, which {hail be to the fame affigned out of 4 the faid City, before whom they {hall have their An-4 fiver, as well to the King as to the Party. (2) And 4 if they put them in Inquefts, the fame Inquefts {hall 4 be taken by foreign People, as afore is faid. (5)

4 And if they be attainted, the faid Pain {hall incur 4 and be levied of the faid Mayor, Sheriffs, and Alder-4 men, for Default of their Governance ; (4) and ne-4 verthelefs the Plaintiffs fhall recover the treble Da-4 mages againft the faid Mayor, Sheriffs, and Alder-4 men. (5) And becaufe that the Sheriffs of London TIic Conftabie 4 be Parties to this Bufinefs, the Conftabie of theor L'eutenant 4 Tower, or his Lieutenant, {hall ferve in the Place of °J [j’eT?wer 4 the Sheriffs, to receive the Writs, as well Originals 4 of the Chancery as Judicials, under the Seal of the King’s Writs.

4 Juftices, to do thereof Execution in the faid City.

4 (6) And Procefs fliall be made by Attachment and what Procefs 4 Diftrefs, and by Exigent, if Need be ; fo that at the P>a'* be awarded 4 King’s Suit the Exigent {hall be awarded after the m tlus Smt*

4 firft Capias returned, and at the third Capias returned 4 at the Suit of the Party. (7) And if the Mayor,

4 Sheriffs, and Aldermen have Lands or Tenements 4 out of the City, Procefs {hall be made againft them 4 by Attachments and Diftrefles in the fame Counties 4 where the Lands or Tenements be. (8) And that 4 every of the faid Mayors, Sheriffs, and Aldermen 4 which do appear before the faid Juftices, {hall an-4 fwer particularly for himfelf, as well at the Peril of 4 other which be abfent, as of himfelf. (9) And this 4 Ordinance fhall be holden firm and ftable, notwith-4 Landing any Manner of Franchife, Privileges, or 4 Cuftoms. (ro) And this Ordinance fhall extend to This Ordinance 4 all Cities and Boroughs of the Realm where fuch provided for 4 Defaults or Mifprifions be ufed, and not duly cor- Loni3°“

4 reefed nor redrefled ; faving that the Inquefts fhall be city's and Bo-4 taken by foreign People of the fame County where r Ushs.

4 fuch Cities or Boroughs be : (11) And that the Pain Enforcedly 4 of thofe of the faid Boroughs and Towns, which «H-4- c-4 fhall be thereof attainted, fhall be judged by the Dif-	r

4 cretion of the Juftices which {hall be thereto affigned. JO-'a‘

CAP. XI.

Explained by 17 R. 2. c. iz>

Frefh Suit and Huy and Cry fhall be made after Robbers from Country to Country.

ITEM pur ce qe grant clamour et grevoufes pleintes font faitz ft bien par aliens come par denzeins qe marchantz et autres paflantz parmi le Roialme dEngleterre od leur marchandifes & autres biens font tuez Sc derobbez Sc nieement ore plus qils ne foleient dount remedie nad efte fait as com-pleignantz noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant le profit qe purra avenir au dit Roialme par venue Sc demoere des marchantz aliens en meifme le Roialme & les damages & mefehiefs qe a eux & autres font faitz de jour en autre par tieux homicides & robberies Sc veullant purvoire a la feurte Sc in-dempnite des marchantz Sc autres fufditz ad ordene et eftabli par aifent de tout fon parlement au fin qe marchantz aliens eient greindre volunte et corage de venir en le dit Roialme dEngleterre qe remedie foitdefore fait haftivement as tieux marchantz et autres iffint derobb.z folor.c la forme contenue en leftatut nadgairs fait a Wynceftrc ceft: affavoir qe folempnement crie foit fait en toutz c citees hun-dredes marchees feires et toutz autres Tux ou fo lempne affemblee de gentz lerra Mini, qe nul par

44 ITEM, Becaufe that great Clamour and grievous 44 JL Complaints be made, as well by Aliens as by De-44 nizens, that Merchants and other pafting through 44 the Realm of England with their Mercbandifes and 44 other Goods, be {lain and robbed, and namely now 44 more than they were wont, whereof Remedy hath 44 not been made to the Complaints 4 (2) our Lord 4 the King, confidering the Profit which may come to 4 the faid Realm by coming and abiding of the faid 4 Merchants Aliens in the lame Realm, and the Da-4 mage and Miichief which to them and other is done 4 daily by fuch Manftau liters and Robberies, ..nd 4 willing ro provide for the Sur ry and ndempnity of 4 Merchants and oilier aforefaid, hath ordained and 4 eilablilhed, by the Alient of all his Parliament, to 4 the Intent that Merchants Aliens il. ill have the 4 greater Will .md Courage to come n to ;he faid 4 Realm of England, and that Remedy from henceforth 4 be (peediiy made to fuch Merchants and otn 1 rob-4 bed, according to the Form contained jn -the Statute 3	-•	c-9-

4 late made at iF.rtd'cJlcr j that is to fay, that ibl-. mn ’•d’ L. \ ,zl 4 Cry be made in all Counties, Hundreds, Marcus-

4 Fan s,

C, 12 j 13.

Anno vicefimo octavo Edwardi III. A. D. 1354.

The Penalty of the Country, if Robbers offending therein be not taken within Forty Days.

Altered by 27 El. 13. 39 EL

Fairs, and all other Places where folemn AfTemblyof the People fhall be, fo that none by Ignorance mall excufe him, that every Country from henceforth be fo kept, that immediately after Felonies and Robberies done, frelh Suit be made from Town to Town, and from Country to Country, (3) and lnqueft, if Need be, fhall be alfo taken in the Towns by him which is Sovereign of the Town, and after in Hundreds, Franchifes, and in the County, and fometime in two, three, or four Counties, in cafe when Felonies fhall be done in the Marches of the Counties, fo that the Offenders may be attainted. (4) And if the Country Jo not anfwer of fuch Offenders, the Pain fhall be fuch, that every Country, that is to fay, the People dwelling in the Country, fhall anfwer of the Robberies done, and of the Damages; (3) fo that all the Hundred where the Robbery fhall be done, or the Franchifes which be within the Precin£t of the fame Hundred, fhall anfwer of the Robbery done; (6) and if the Robbery be done in the Divifion of two Hundreds, both Hundreds fhall anfwer together with the Franchifes. (7) And longer Term fhall not the Country have after the Robbery or Felony done, than Forty Days, within which them behoveth to make Gree of the Robbery, or of the Offence, or that they anfwer of the Bodies of the Offenders.’

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. ignorance fe puffe excufer qe chefcune pais iflint deforemes foit garde qe meintenarit apres robberies et felonies faites foit fait fresfhe feute de ville en ville et de pais en pais et enquefles foient auxint fi mefliere foit prifes en villes par celui qe eft fove-rein de la ville et puis en hundredes franchifes et en contees et afeune foitz en deux trois ou quatre contees en cas quant felonies ferront faites en marches des contes. Mint qe meffefours puffent eftre atteintz. Et ft le pais de tieu mancre de meffefours ne refpoigne la peine ferra tiele qe chefcune pais ceft affavoir gentz en pais demorantz refpoig-nent des robberies faites et des damages iflint qe tout le hundred ou la robberie ferra faite ove les franchifes qe font deinz la purceinte de meifme le hundred refpoignent de la robberie faite et ft la robberie foit faite en divifes de deux hundredes refpoignent ambedeux les hundredes enfemblement od les franchifes. Et plus long terme navera le pais apres la robberie faite ou felonie qe quarant jours deinz les queux il covient qils facent gre de la robberie ou del meffait ou qils refpoignent des corps de meffefours.

c, 25. See S Geo, 2, c* 16. giving DireSlons for Purfuit of Hue and Cry $ and 22 Geo* 2. c, 24. which amends the former*

CAP. XI>I.

Within what Time Purveyances made for the King’s Houfe fhall be paid for.

OB.

4 H. 4. c.

2c n. 6. c 12 Car. 2. c. 14.

14. . 8.

ITEM pur ce qe la mene gent du Roialme et plufeurs autres fe font compleintz des grevances qe leur font faites de ce qe les purveours noftre Seignur le Roi raa dame la Roigne du Prince et des autres ount pris de eux leur biens vivres et vitailles et les en ount bailie tailles affignantz a eux jour et lieu de receivre leur paiement en foreins et lointifmes lieux ou ils ount defpendu la value de la chofe iflint pris de eux ou le double avant qils eient receu leur paiement et fovent ount failli de tout le Roi veullant purvoire de remedie contre tieles grevances ad ordene et eftabli pur quiete et eefe de fon poeple qe de totes purveances qe font ou ferront faites a fon oeps ou al oeps dautri deinz la foumme de vint fouldz paiement en foit fait rneinte-nant fur la purveance faite faunz taille bailler ou jour et lieu aillours ent afligner et qe dautres purveances faites de la foumme de vim fouldz et outre paiement foit fait deinz le quarter del an profehein enfuant apres les purveances faites as cert-cins jour et lieu folonc ce qils purront eftre plus eifez et a meindre travaill du poeple.

CAP. XIII.

The Warranty of Packing of Wcoll fhall be put out. An lnqueft fhall be de Medietate Lingua, where an Alien is Party.

47 Bd, 3. flat. 2. ‘ c. 3.	‘

• Or.

JT EM it is accorded and eftablifhed, That all the Ordinances made in the great Council holden at ‘ IVeJlminJier, the Monday next after the Feaft of Saint e Matthew the Apoftle laft paft, together with certain ‘ Declarations and Additions made in this prefent Par-‘ liament, be firmly kept and holden for a Statute to ‘ endure for ever, which Declarations and Additions ‘ do follow in this Manner:’ “ Whereas it is contained ‘‘ in the faid Ordinances, That every Merchant that ‘‘ felleth his Woolls at the Staple, fhall be bound to “ warrant the packing of the fame Woolls; (3) and “ if a Plea * of Debate be moved before the Mayor of “ the Staple, betwixt the Merchants or Minifters of “ the fame, and thereupon to try the Truth thereof “ an lnqueft or Proof fhall be taken, then if both “ Parties be Aliens, it fhall be tried by Aliens; (4) “ and if both Parties be Denizens, it mail be tried by “ Denizens; ($J but if the one Party be Denizen, “ and the other Alien, half of the lnqueft or of the

ENfement acorde eft & eftabli qe totes les orde-nances faites en grant confeil tenuz a Weft-monftre le Lundy profehein apres la fefte de Seint Matheu Lapoftle darrein paffe enfemblement ove afeunes declarations & ajouftances faites en cefte prefent parlement foient fermementgardez & tenuz pur eftatut a durer a touz jours queles declarations b ajouftances fenfuent en cefte manere come con-tenue foit en les dites ordenances qe chefcun mar-chant qe vend fes leines a leftaple foit tenuz de.ga-ranter lempakkure de meifmes les leines et qe ft pie ou debate foit meu devant le meire de leftaple entre les marchantz ou miniftres dycelle b fur ce pur trier ent la verite enquefte ou proeve foit apren-dre ft lune partie b lautre lbiteftrange foit trie par eftranges& fi lune partie & lautre foit denzein (bit trie par denzeins b fi lune partie foit denzeine b lautre aliene foit lune moite del enquefte ou del prove de denzeins b lautre moite des aliens. Et

auflint

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. auffint qe nul marchant prive ne eftrange nautre de quele condition qil foit aille par terre ne par ewe dencontrer vins merces nautres marchandifes venantz en laRoialme dEngleterre nen autres terres du Roi en meer naillours pur les forftaller achater ou en autre manere arrer avant qils viegnent a leftaple ou au port ou ils ferront difchargez ne entre les niefs pur tiele caufe tanqe les marchandifes foi-ent mifes a la terre pur vendre Acorde eft & eftabli qe la garrantie dempakkure de laines pur diverfcs mefchiefs qe la communalte en ad fentu foit de tout oufte & qe nul homrne foit tenuz affaire tiele garrantie fil ne foit par covenant taille par fait enfele. Et auffint qe nul homme autre qe marchant denzein ou alien qe ne conuft les leis Sc ufages de leftaple ufez par aillours devant qc les ditcs ordcnances de leftaple eftoient faites foit chargee par meifmes les leis Sc ufages tanqe eis foient declarrez en parle-ment.

Et qe en tote manere denqueftes & proeves qe font a prendre ou affaire entre aliens & denzeins foient ils marchantz ou autres fibien devant le meire de leftaple come devant qucconqe autres Juges ou miniftres tout foit le Roi partie foit la moite del enqueft ou del prove de denzeins & lautre moite des aliens fi tantz des aliens foient en la ville ou lieu ou tiele enqucfte ou prove foit aprendre qe ne foient mie parties ne od les parties en contraries plees ou autres quereles dount tieles enqueftes ou proves deivent eftre pris et ft tantz des aliens ne y foient point adonqes foient mis en tieux enqueftes & proeves tantz des' aliens come ferront trovez en meifmes les villes ou lieux qe a ce ne foient pas parties ne od les parties come devant eft dit & le remanant de denzeins qe foient prodes hommes & nient fufpecionoufes a lune partie ne a lautre.

Et qe nulle manere de nief qe foit frette devers Engleterre ou aillours foit ardte de venir a nui port dEngleterre ne y demorer contre le gre des meiftres & mariners dycelle ou des marchantz as queux les biens font et ft tieux niefs viegnent de gree ou foient chacez par tempeft ou autre infortune ou mefchief a afcun port dEngleterre et les meiftres mariners ou marchantz de meifmes les niefs veul-lent vendre & deliverer partie de leur marchandifes par leur bone volunte bien life a chefcuny tieles marchandifes achater franchement faunz empefche-ment en le port ou tieles niefs vendront tout ne foient les marchandifes mifes a la terre pur vendre Iifint totes ft>itz qe nul marchant nautre ne voile par terre ne par ewe dencontrer tieles niefs chargez de marchandifes de forftaller meifmes les marchandifes ou de les arrer par voie de forftallerie fur les peines contenues en le tierce article des dites orde-nances Si qe Ls meiftres mariners Sc marchantz apres ce qils averont iffint vendu ce qe leur plerra de leur ditz biens & paie ent la cuftume puffent franchement departir & aler ove leur niefs & tout le remanant de leur biens par la ou leur plerra faunz cuftume ent paier & qe nul de quele condition qil foit par art ne par engyn ne face ne mette deftour-bance a nulle nief chargee de marchandie de venir a nul port dEngleterre forfqe au port ou les meiftres mariners & marchantz veullent premerement Vol. I.

“ Proof fhall be of Denizens, and the other half of “ Aliens. (6) And alfo that no Merchant, Privy nor “ Stranger, nor other of what Condition that he be,

44 fhall go by Land nor by Water to meet fuch Ships “ charged with Wines, Wares, or other Merchandifes 44 coming into the Realm of England, nor other Lands 44 of the King’s in the Sea, or elfewhere, for to fore-44 ftall, buy, or in other Manner giving them Earneft 44 before that they come to the Staple, or to the Port 44 where they fhall be difeharged, nor enter the Ships 44 for fuch Caufe till the Merchandifes be fet to Land 44 for to fell:” c (7) It is accorded and eftabliihed, T/1'vy"T;int>'

4 That the Warranty of packing of Woolls, for divers Woolfs ftall°be 4 Mifchiefs which the Commons have thereof perceiv- wholly put out. 4 ed, fhall wholly be out; (8) and that no Man be 27 Ed. 3. flat.*. 4 holden to make fuch Warranty, unlefs it be by Co--4 venant made by Deed enfealed. (9) Alfo that no 4 Man other than a Merchant Denizen or Alien, that 4 knoweth the Laws and Ufages of the Staple, ufed 4 before that the faid Ordinances of the Staple were 4 made, fhall be charged by the^fame Laws and Ufages 4 till they be declared in Parliament,

4 II. And that in ail Manner of Inquefts and Proofs An Inqueft ftiall 4 which be to be taken or made amongft Aliens and de Meduure 4 Denizens, be they Merchants or other, as well before a^Hen is Party 4 the Mayor of the Staple as before any other Juftices t0 any Trial.

4 or Minifters, although the King be Party, the one Confirmed by 4 half of the Inqueft or Proof fhall be Denizens, and 8 H. 6 c. 29.

4 the other half of Aliens, if fo many Aliens and Fo- ^7sEd'3' fiat-Zr 4 reigners be in the Town or Place where fuch Inqueft Qyc'r 4 or Proof is to be taken, that be not Parties, nor with 3 Ed. 4. i. u.

4 the Parties in Contrails, Pleas, or other Quarrels, 27 H. 6. f. 4.

4 whereof fuch Inquefts or Proofs ou=ht to be taken ; Fitz- Trial, 30,

4 (z) and if there be not fo many Aliens, then fhall 32’ ?'• .

4 there be put in fuch Inquefts or Proofs as many Ali- 4.'°I’2.CDIzen’

4 ens as fhall be found in the fame Towns or Places 4 which be not thereto Parties, nor with the Parties, as 4 afore is faid, and the Remnant of Denizens, which 4 be good Men, and not fufpicious to the one Party 4 nor to the other.’

4 III. And that no Manner of Ship, which is fraught None ftaii fore-4 towards England or elfewhere, be compelled to come Merchan-4 to any Port of England, nor	here to abide, againft dlles comin8

4 the Will of the Mafters and	Mariners of the fame,	us

4 or of the Merchants whofe the Goods be : (z) And 4 if fuch Ships come of their own good Will, or be 4 driven by Tempefts, or other Misfortune or Mifchief,

4 to any Port in England, and the Mafters, Mariners,

4 or Merchants of the fame Ships will fell or deliver 4 Part of their Merchandifes with their goodwill, it 4 fhall be lawful for every Man to buy fuch Merchan-4 difes freely without Impeachment in the Port where 4 fuch Ships fhall come, albeit	the faid Merchandifes

4 be not put to Land to fell;	(3) fo always, that no

4 Merchant nor other fhall go by Land nor by Water 4 to meet fuch Ships charged with Merchandifes, to 4 foreftail the fame Merchandifes, or to give them Ear-4 neft by Way of foreftalling, upon the Pains con-4 tained in the third Article of the faid Ordinances;

4 (4) fo that the Mafters, Mariners, and Merchants,

4 after that they have fold that which pleafeth them of 4 their faid Goods, and paid thereof the Cuftom, may 4 freely depart, and go with their Ships and all the 4 remnant of their Goods whither it fhall pleafe them, No Foreigners 4 without Cuftom thereof to be paid: (5) And that shiP5 ^2l!

4 none, of what- Condition that he be, by Art or En- c.omPellzd c° ar-4 gine, fhall difturb any Ship charged with Merchan- ^to'tarrytheV,

4 difes to come to any Port of England\ but to the Port confirmed by P p	4	where	20 R. 2. c. 4,

290

O B.

O B.

‘ where the Msft&s, Mariners, and Merchants will

*	fil'd of their free Wiil arrive ; nor, after they have ‘ arrived, fhall meddle with the Sale of the fame Mer-‘ chandifes, nor difturb the Merchants nor their Ser-‘ vants, that they may not thcmfelves by their own ‘ Hands, according as to them heft (hall feem for their ‘ Profit, fell and deliver their Merchandifes at what ‘ Time and to whom it fhall them beft pleafe; (6) ‘ And if any fet Difturbance, he fhall incur a grievous

*	Forfeiture to the King according to the Quantity of ‘ the Tre’fpafs.’

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. . de gre arriver ne apres ce qils ferrontarrivez fe mel-le de la vente de meifmes les marchandifes rie ne deftourbe les marchantz ne leur fervantz qils ne pufient meifmes par leur mains propres iolonc ce qc mcultz leur fcmblera pur leur profit demefne vendre Sc deliverer leur marchandifes a quele heure et as queux qe meultz leur plerra & fi nul y mette deftourbance encourge gref forfaiture devers le Roi folonc la quantite du trefpas.

CAP. XIV.

Upon which Days Wooll -may be fhewed in the Staple, and in which not:

ITEM acorde eft & eftabli qemionftrefon de laines foit faitea leftaple chefcun jour de la fimeigne forfpris le dimenge & les folempnes feftes del an & qe nulle monftrefon ne vente de laines nc foit faite environ leftaple de trois lewes fors tantfoulment a leftaple fur la peine contenue en le tierce article des dites orde-nances de leftaple fauve totes foitz qe chefcun Seignur autre honme qe marchant puffe franchement herberger monftrer & vendre fes laines qe font de fa propre creft'ance en fa mefon demefne ou aillours ou Ini plerra.

CAP. XV.

The Bounds of every Staple, and how far they fhall extend.

AUSSINT acorde eft & eftabli qe leftaple de Weftmonfter comence fa bounde a Temple-barre & fe extend tanqe a Totehill & aufihit en autres citees & villes ou les eftaples font foient les boundes de meifmes les eftaples deinz les mures ou les citees & villes font mure^s ou enclofes '& en les citees & villes qe ne font pas murez ne enclofes foient les boundes des dites eftaples parmy tote la ville.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 31 Edw. HI. St at. i: and Anno

Dom. 1357.’

c~ P |"TO the Honour of God and holy Church, it “	| is accorded by our Lord the King, the Pre-

“	lates,	Earls,	Barons,	and	all	the Commonalty

“ of the faid Realm of England, in the Parliament “ holden at JVeflminJlcr the Monday next after the “ Week of Eq/ler, the Year of the Reign of our Lord “ King Edward of England the one and thirtieth, “ and of France the xviii.”

. Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 13.

L honour de Dieu <k de feinte egiife ft eft acorde par noftre Seignur le Roi Prelatz ■t- Countes Barons & tote la communalte du Roialtne dEngletcrre en ceft prefent parlement te-nuz a Weftm’ le Lundv profehein apres la fymayne du Pafqe ian du. regne noftre dit Seignur le Roi Edward dEngleterre trent & primer H de France difeitifme.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter and the Charter of the Foreft.

c TTIRST, That the Great Charter and the Char-* id ter of the Foreft be firmly kept, holden, ufed. ‘ and executed in all Points.’

TT’ N primes qe la Grante C'nartre h la Chartre II de la Forefte foient fermement gardes tenuz ufez executz en touz pointz.

CAP. II.

No Wooll fhall be bought by Fraud to abate the Price thereof. Weights fhall be fent to all

Shires.

“ ITEM, Whereas at the grievous Complaint of “ J}. the Commons of the Realm of Englandit was “ (hewed, that the Merchants which buy Wooll in “ Fairs and Markets, and othei Places, by Covin and “ Confent betwixt tnem, do abate the Price of Woolls, “ and ufe other Weight than is ordained by the Sta-

JTEM come a la gref compleinte de la communalte du Roialme dEngleterre foit monftre qc les marchauntz (|i achatent laines en feyres & marchez & aillours parcovync & confent entre eux ahbeflent le pris de laynes & ufent autre pois qc neft ordinc par eftatut devant ccs heures en arrei ifl'enient du

poeplc

A.D.

13 57-

Anno tricefimo primo Edwardi III.	Stat.	i.	291

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. poeple Si eft acorde & eftabli qe proclamation foit take par tote le Roialme qe nul mnrchaunt face tiele covyne fur gref forfaiture et ft nul face a lencontre aprcs la proclamation faite le Roi afiignera fes Juft ices denquerea fuyte de partie de touz, qi font dele covyne et doier et terminer pur le Roi et pur la partie. Et qe certeines balaunces Sc pois de fac dimy fac & quarter livre dimy livre & quarteron acordaunt aleftandard de Lefcheqierfoient mandez as touz vifcontz dEngleterre entre cy a la nativite Seint Johan profchcin avenir Iflint qils receues les dites balances & pois facent proclamation par touz lour counteez qe chefcun qi voudra aver tieu balances S; pois viegne au vifcont devant le Seint Rlichel de faire lour balances it pois acordantz au dit eftandard a lour couftages faunz rien doner au vil’conte pur laffay en lenfample des dites balances Sc pois aver & qe defadonqes nul ne vende nachate par autre pois & ft nul face a lencountre foit puny .par fyn a la volente le Rot.

tute before this Time, in Annoyance of the People;” ‘ (2) it is accorded and eftahlifhed, That Proclamation be made through the Realm, that no Merchant do fuch Covin, upon a grievous Forfeiture:

(;) And if any do againft the fame after the Proclamation, the King {hall aflign his Juftices to enquire at the Suit of the Party of all that do fuch Covin, and to hear and determine for the King and for the Party. (4.) And that certain Balances and Weights of hack, half Sack, and Quarter, Pound, half Pound, and Quarter, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, be fent to all Sheriffs of England betwixt this and the Nativity of St. John next coming,

(5) fo that they (fuch Balances and Weights receiv-	*•

ed) fhall make open Proclamation thro’ all their 51 Counties, that every Man that will have fuch Ba-,fj. Vfiat 1 lances and Weights, fhall come to the Sheriff before c. 12. 27Ed.$. Michaelmas, to make their Balances and Weights ac- fi“‘. 2- c. 10. cording to the faid Standard at their Cofts, without any thing giving to the Sheriff for to have Aflhy or Example of the faid Balances and Weights; (6-) and that from henceforth none fhall fejl nor buy by ■ other Weight; (7) and if any do againft the fame,	and

he fhall be puniftied by Fine at the King’s Will.’

35 R. 2. c. 4.	UB.7.C.4.	12//.	7.	c.	5.	‘ 16 Car. r, c. it), ani zi Car. 2. c. Si-

C A P. III.

A Man charged with detaining a Felon’s Goods, Iayeth the Fault on another.

ITEM ft nul hemme ou ville foit charge en Lef-cheqier par eftrete des Juftices des chateux des futifs & de felons & voet nilegger en defeharge de lui autre qe foit chargeable foit oi & outre fait droit.

ITEM, If any Man or Town be charged in the Exchequer by Eftreats of the Juftices of the Chattels of Fugitives and Felons, and will alledge in Dif-charge of him another which is chargeable, he fhall be heard, and Right done to the other.’

C A P. IV.

Redrafting of Extortion in Bifhops Officers in proving of Wills1.

ITEM come les miniftres des Evefqes & autres ordinairs de feinte eglife preignent du poeple grevoufes & outrageoufes fynes pur le proeve des teftamentz & pur les acquittances ent faire le Roi ad charge Lercevefqe de Canterbirs & les autres Evefqes qils ent mettent amendement ft fils ne facent acorde eft qe le Roi terra enquere par fes Ju-ftices des tieux oppreffions & extoifions & de les oier & terminer fibien a la, fuyte le Roi come de prove come auncienement ad eile ufe..

ITEM, W'hereas the Minifters of Bifhops and' other Ordinaries of holy Church, take of the 1 People grievous and outragious Fine for the Probate 1 of Teft.iments, and for the making of Acquittances : thereof;” ‘ the King hath charged the Archbifhop of Canterbury, and the other Bifnops, that they caufe the fame to be amended ; (2) and if they do not, it is accorded, That the King fhall caufe to be inquired by his Juftices of fuch Oppreffions and Extortions, to hear them and determine them, as well at the King’s Suit, as at the Suit of the Party, as in old time ' hath been ufed.’

CAP. V.

The Contents of a Tun of Wine, and the gauging thereof.

ITEM come ordine foit par effatut qe les tonelx de vin duiffent contenir certein nombre des galons folonc launciene gauge & ore ib font ame-nufez per defaute del office de gauge' malement ufe a grant damage du poeple Acorde eft &z eftabli qe le dit eftatut foit term & garde en touz pointz & outre ceo ft nul vende tonel ou pipe de vin nient gauge qe le vendour forface mefme le vin ou le value devers le Roi.

TEM, Whereas it is ordained by a Statute, That “ JL the Tuns of Wine ought to contain a certain “ Number of Galons, according to the old Gauge, 44 and now they be diminifhed for Default of the 44 Gauger’s Office evil ufed, to the great Damage of 44 the People;” ‘ (zj it is accorded and eftablnhed, 4 That the f\ia Statute {hall be holder) and kept in ail 4 Points; (3) and moreover, if any fell a Tun or 4 Pipe of Wine not gauged, that the faid Seller fhall 4 forfeit the fame Wine, or the Value, to the King.’

Enforced by 7 H. 5. c.8. 21 H. 8. c. 5, which af~ certain the Fees lo be taken,-

4.17 Ed, 3. flat. r» c. S.

pP 2

CAP.

Enforced by 4 R, 2. c, 1,

18 H. 6. c. 17. 1 R. 3. c. 13. iSH. S. c. 14.

Anno tricefimo primo Edward 1 III. A. D. 1357,

ESP,

OB,

"What Rcfufc may be made of Wool!.

13 R. 2. flat, J, c. 9.

The Content of f Sack and Stone of Wool I.

Wool Is brought to the Staple fhall remain there 15 Days,

CAP. VI.

The Lords of Franchifes fhall have the Fines of Labourers and Servants, Cfr. forfeited.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

TEM coment qe par eftatut nadgairs fait fuift ordine qe les ifliues fins & amercimentz des fervantz artificers & autres overours ajuggez devant Juftices des laborers ferroient au Roi apres les trois anns de la quinzifme triennale adonqes grante au Roi par la commuiialte de fon Roialme Acorde eft & affentu qe les Seignurs des fraunchifes qi ontfins iflues & amerciementz par point de chartre ou en autre manere eient de-fore enavant les dites fins iflues & amerciementz des laborers qe a eux appartiegnent de droit tant come la jufliceric des laborers dure Mint totes voies qe les ditz Seignurs facent contribution a paiement des feez de tieux Juftices des laborers folonc laffcrant des profitz qils enprendront.

CAP. VII.

Juftices fhall enquire of the Offenders of the Laws of the Staple,

ITEM acorde eft qe leftatut des laborers foit auflibien tenuz en la Citee & les Suburbes de Loundres & en les Cynk portz & autres franchifes qeconqes come aillours en Engleterre et qe le Roi afligne fes Juftices -denquere & doier & terminer de ceux qi ont amefnez laines quirs & peaux lanutz es parties de dela & entfait covyne Sc excefles & autrement attempte contre les ordinances & la forme de leftatut de leftaple.

CAP. VIII.

What Refufe fhall be made of Wooll. All Woolls, fhall be brought to the Staple.

ITEM acorde eft & affentu pur commune profit Sc efe du poeple qe chefcun marchant & autre fibien alien come denzein puifle amener as parties de dela qe foient de lamifte le Roi laines quirs Sc peaux lanutz del quint jour de Maii profehein avener tanqe a la fefte de Seint Michel profehein feuant paiantpur chefcun fak cynqant fouldz Sc pur trois centz peaux lanutz atant & pur le laft des quirs cent foldz pur la cuftume Sc fubftde dicels. Et qe nul marchant nautre qi achate laines fait autre refuyS des laines qe ne foleit eftre fait devant ces heures cell: aflkver de cot gate & vileine tufon & qe chefcun fac contiegne vint Sc fis peres & chefcun pere quatorze livres folonc le pois de leftandard de Lefcheqier & nemy plus ne meins. Et qe totes les laines peaux & quirs achatez en paiis foient amenez a les eftaples Si illoeqes demoergent a meins quinz jours. Et fi eles ne puiflent iileoqes eftre venduz ou delivres deinz les quinz jours foient amefnez as portz ordines’ pur les eftaples a paffer dilloeqes as parties fufdites paiantz les cuftumes Sc fubfids avantdites. Et qe nulles lains vendables foient herbergez monftrez ne vendues deinz trois lewes de leftaple forfqe en mefme leftaple fauve qe chefcun Seignur et autre homme qe marchaunt puifle fraunchement herberger monftrer et vendre fes laines qe font de fa propre creflaunce en fa mefon demefne et aillours ou lour plerra.

CAP. IX.

The King’s Council upon Caufe may defer the tranfporting of Wooll.

TEM acorde eft et eftabli qe les Chaunceller et Treforer qi pur temps ferront ove lavis dautres du confeil ie Roi eient poer dalloigner le terme du paffage des laines qant ils verront qe meifter ferra.

CAP. X.

Who may govern or reform the Defaults of Victuallers in London.

* Add fiid.

The Mayor and Aldermen of J-ondon may reform the Defaults of Victualler. there.

2$ Ed. 3, c. 10.

'TEM, Becaufe that the Fifhers, Butchers, Poul-. ters, and other Sellers of Victuals in the City of c London, by Colour of fome Charters, and by evil In-c terpretation of fome Statutes made in Advantage of ‘ the People, that every Man may freely fell his Vic-‘ tuals without Difturbance, and that no Mayor, She-‘ riffs, or other Minifter ought to meddle of the Sale;” (2) it is accorded and affented, That every Man that bringeth Viiftuals, whatfoever they be, to the * City, by Land or by Water, may freely fell the fame to whom it fhall pleafe him, without being interrupted or impeached by Fifher, Butcher, Poulter, * or any other. (3) And that the Mayor and Aldermen of the faid City may rule and redrefs the Defaults of Fifhers, Butchers, and Poulters, as they do of thofe that fell Bread, Wine, or Ale, notwithftanding Charters of Franchife, and Statutes, Cuftoms, or other

ITEM pur ceo qe les peffoners bochers poleters Sc autres vendours des vitailles en la Citee de Loundres par colour daufeunes chartres & par mal-veis interpretation des afeunes eftatutz faitz en avantage du poeple qe chefcun homme porra fran-chement vendre fes vitailles fanz deftourbance faunz ceo qe Mai re vifeontes ou autres miniftres fe Advent meller de la vente Acorde eft & affentu qe chefcun homme qe amene vitailles queu qils foient a la dite Cite par terre ou par eawe les puifle franche-ment vendre a qi qe lui plerra fanz eftre deftourbe ou empefche par peffoner bother poleter ou autre quicunqes. Et qe les Maire Sc Aldermans de la elite Cite puiffent reuler & redrefeer les defoutes des peffoners bochers & poleters come ils font ceux qi vendent pain vin &cerveis nient contreftcant chartres de franchifes eftatutz cuftumes ou autres privileges

293

Stat. 1.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ges faitz ou ufez a contraire. Et qe les dites Maire & Aldermans le facent & mettent en execution fur peine nadgairs ordine tochante le Cite de Londres Iflint qe le puniflement des tieux ne foit faite par caufe dc linguler profit.

Privileges made or ufed to the contrary. (4) And that the faid Mayor and Aldermen do the fame, and put it in Execution, upon the Pain late ordained touching the City of London, fo that the Punifhment of fuch be not made in Refpcdt of any fingular Pro-

6	R. i. c. 11.

Repealed as <o Victuallers by

7	R. a. c. 11.

CAP. XI.

To whom the Ordinary may commit the Adminiftration of the Goods of him that dieth inteftate. The Benefit and Charge of an Adminiftrator.

IT EM acorde eft & nflentu qe en cas ou homme devie inteftat les ordinairs facent deputer de plus profeheins & plus loialx amis du mort inteftat pur adminifter fes biens les queux deputez eient adtion a demander et recoverer come executours les det-tes dues au dit mort inteftat en la Court 1c Roi pur adminiftreret defpendre pur lalme du mort et re-fpoignent auxint en la Court le Roi as autres as queux le dit mort eftoit tenuz et obligez en mefme la manere come executours refpondront. Et foient acountables as ordinairs fi avant come executours font en cas de teftament fibien de temps pafle come de temps avenir.

Regift. 141. Raft, 320.	2	Bulft,	315.	See	farther	for	the	Duty

f. 17. and\\ Geo, 2. c. 20.

ITEM it is accorded and afiented. That in cafe where a Man dieth inteftate, the Ordinaries ftiall depute the next and moil lawful Friends of the dead Perfon inteftate to adminifter his Goods; (2) which Deputies fhall have an Action to demand and recover as Executors the Debts due to the faid Perfon inteftate in the King’s Court, for to adminifter and dif-pend for the Soul of the Dead; (;) and fhall an-fwer alfo in the King’s Court to other to whom the faid dead Perfon was holden and bound, in the fame Manner as Executors fhall anfwer. (4) And they fhall be accountable to the Ordinaries, as Executors be in the Cafe of Teftament, as well of the Time paft as the Time to come.’

of Ordinary and Adminiftrator) 43 Eh c. 8.	22	23	Car.	2.	c.	10,

13 Ed. \ . flat, r. c. 19.

Canhew 376.

1 Shower 407, Amended by 21 H. 8. c. 5.

1 Roll 105. Vaugh. 96.

41 Ed. 3. f. 2.

37 H. 6. f. 15. Dyer 256.

5 Co. 9.

9 Co. 3S.

Co. l,it. 133. b. Cro. £1.40-9. Cro. Car. 63. jo6.

igiCxr* 2, c. -3.

CAP. XII.

The Lord Chancellor and Lord Treafurer fhall examine erroneous Judgements given in the

Exchequer.

ITEM acordceftet eftabli qe entouz cas touch -auntz le Roi ou autres perlones ou homme fe pleinte derrour fait en proces en Lefcheqier les' Chaunceller etTreforer facent venir devant euxen afeune chambre du confeil jouft Lefcheqier le record du proces hors de Lefcheqier et prifes a eux Juftices & autres fages tieux come lour fembleraqe font aprendre & facent auxint appeller devant eux les Barons de Lefcheqier pur oier lour informations & les caufes de lour juggement & fur ceo facent duement examiner la bufoigne & ft afeun errour y 1 foit trove les facent corriger Sc amendre les roules & puis reenvoier les en Lefcheqier pur faire ent execution ficome appertient.

‘ T TEM it is accorded and eftablifhed. That in all Dnft- i°s-‘ J. Cafes touching the King, or other Perfons, where 8 ^ 7-I3>

‘ a Man complaineth of Error made in Procefs in the ‘ Exchequer, the Chancellor and 1 reafurer ftiall caufe i shower 420. ‘ to come before them in any Chamber of Council nigh ‘ the Exchequer, the Record of the Procefs out of the ‘ Exchequer, taking to them the Juftices and other ‘ fage Perfons, fuch as to them feemeth to be taken ;

‘ (2) and fhall alfo caufe to be called before them the ‘ Barons of the Exchequer, to hear their Informations,

‘ and the Caufes of their Judgements, and thereupon ‘ ftiall duly examine theBufinefs; (3) and if any Er-‘ ror be found, they fhall corredt and amend the Rolls, -A-!tered by 31 ‘ and after fend them into the Exchequer for to make jj- *'*'*„& c thereof Execution as pertaineth.’	20 Car! 2. c! 4.

CAP. XIII.

The King’s Pardon to the Commons of the Efcape of Felons and their Goods not eftreated 5 and a Fifteen granted to him in Regard of the fame.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant les bones eides qe les communes de fon Roialme I ui o.nt fovent EXP.

fait et les grantz et diverfes charges qils ont fuffert par caufe des guerres et autres adverfites qe font eiriz ces heures avenuz ft ad en relevement des dites communes pardone et relefle a eux totes efehapes des laroiis et de felons et chateux des felons et de futifs avant ces heures echeuz qe ne font unqore ajuggez devant Juftices ou rTiis en eftreteet auflint touz amerciementz nient affirez dount la communalte du countee hundred wapentak ou villee deveroit ou porroit en commune et nemye particulerment devers le Roi ou fes heirs en Eyre des Juftices apres ces heures pur tut le temps pafte eftre charge et qant qe appertient au Roi des efehapes chateux et amerciementz fufditz forfpris les efcapes des clercs convidlz hots des prifons des Prelatz lour ordinairs et fur ceo ad grante a la communalte de chefcun countee chartre de cel pardoun quite du fee de fcal qe a lui appertient. Por queu pardoun et reles les dites communes out grantez a noftre Seignur le Roi une quinzifme anuale a lever et coiller en manere come le darreine quinzifme grante au Roi eftoit leve et a paier a les feftes de Seinte Michel et de Pafque profeheine avenir par owcles portiouns. Et noftre Seignur

Stat. i»

294

Anno tricefimo primo Edward 1 III, A. D. 1357.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

le Roi ad grante as dites communes qe pur la dite quinzifme iffint grants nul ore foit demande ne leve al oeps la Roigne einz foient mefmes les communes ent en tout defchargez. Et auffint le Roi ad grante qe tieux cfchapes et chateux efteantz en les mains des miniftres le Roi et dautres fingulers perfones qe font en vie foient ajuggez devant gardeins.de la pees en chefcune countee dEngleterre par prefentement auffint come devant Juftices en Eyre et foient les eftretes par endenture faite entre eux et les coillours de la quinzifnte liverez a mefmes les coillours a lever al oeps de la communalte en eide de lour paiement de la dite quinzifme Iffint qe mefmes les coillours facent ent diftribution entre les villees folonc la neceffite d'e chefcune oicelles et par furveuc et ordinancez de mefmes les Juftices.

CAP. XIV.

How Efcapes of Felons, Chatties of Felons and Fugitives, {Fall be levied.

4 If TEM it is accorded. That the Efcapc of Thieves, 4 JL and Felons, and the Chatties of Felons and of 4 Fugitives, and alfo Efcapes of Clerks convidt out of 4 their Ordinaries Prifon, from henceforth to be judged 4 before any of the King’s Juftices, fhail be levied from 4 time to time, as they fhail fall, as well of the Time 4 paft as of the Time to come.’

ET outre ceo eft acorde qe les efehapes de larons & felons & les chateux des felons & des futifs & auffint efehapes des clercs convictz hors de prifon de lour ordinairs defore ajugger devant qecun-ques Juftices noftre Seignur le Roi foient leves de temps en temps come ils efeherrent fibien de temps pafle come de temps avqjiir.

CAP. XV.

At what Time a Sheriff fhail hold his Turn.-

9H. 3. fiat. 1. “ IT TEM, Whereas in the Great Charter it is con-c- 3 5-	44 JL tained, That no Sheriff nor his Bailiff fhail make

4 Mod. 114.	tc his Turn by Hundreds, but two Times in the Year,

44 in a Place due and aceuftomed, that is to fay, once 44 after Eafler, and another Time after Michaelmas; 44 (2) and now divers of the Commons have grievoufly 44 complained them, that fome Sheriffs make their 44 Turns oftentimes in Lent, when Men ought to in-44 tend Devotion, and other Works of Charity, for 44 Remedy of their Souls 3 and fometime after the Gule 44 of Augujt, when every Man almcfl is occupied about “ the cutting and entring of his Corn, whereby the 44 People perceived them much grieved and difquieted 4 (3) Our Lord the King, defiring the Quietnefs of 4 his People, hath ordained and ftablifhed. That 4 every Sheriff from henceforth fhail make his Turn 4 yearly one Time within the Month after Eafler, and Altered by 33	4	another Time within the Month after Saint Michael;

H. S.c. 13. f. 1. 4 and if they hold them in other Manner, that then a h. 7. f. 2. e they fhail lofe their Turn for the Time.’

3S H. 6. f. 7.	1

ITEM come en la grant chartre foit contenu qc-nul vifeonte ou foil baillif face, fon tourne par hundred forfqe deufoitz en lan en lieu due & accu-ftume cell affaver une foitz apres le Pafque & au-trefoitz apres le Seint Michel & ore plufours de la communalte fe ont grevoufement compleint qaf-cuns vifeontes font fovent lour tourns en Quarrefme qant homme deveroit entendre a devotion & autres oevres de charite pur remed de falme & a la foitz apres la gule dAugft qant chefcun apoi eft occu-pie eniour le feiere & lentrere de fes bledz par quoi le poeple fe font mold grevez &. defeffez noftre Seignur le Roi defirant la quiete de fon poeple ad ordine & eftabli qe chefcun vifeonte defore face fon tourn annuelment unefoitz deinz le mois apres Pafqe & 1 autre foitz deinz le mois apres le Seint Michel & fils le tiegnent en autre manere qadonqes ils perdent lour tourn pur le temps..

REX vicecomiti Middlefexie falutem. Quedam ordinationes et ftatuta per nos prelatos duces comites barones et communitatem regni neftri Anglic in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ die Lune proximo poftfeptimanamPafche proximo preterito tento pro cominuni militate ditfti regni facta tibi mittimus fub pede figilli noltri tibi precipicntes quod didta ordinationes et ftatuta in pleno comitatu tuo et aliis locis in balliva tua in locis ubi melius expedire videris publice proclamari et quantum in te eft firmiter teneri et ab aliis obfervari facias. T. R. apud Weftm’ primo die Augufti.

Per ipfum Regem et confilium.

Confmilia brevia dirignninr fmgv.lis vicecomitibus per Angliam fub eadem data.

The Statute of Herrings, made Anno 31 Edw. III. Stat. 2. and Anno

Dom. 1357.

44 ¥7 Orafmuch as the Commons of the Realm of 44 S t England, at the Parliament holden at tVefl-44 minfler the Monday next after the Week of 44 Eafler, the Year of the Reign of our Lord the King, 44 Edward the Third of England xxxi, and of France 44 xviii, have complained them to our Lord the King, 3

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.. m. rq. D.

PO R ce qe la communalte du Roialme dEngleterre en parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le Lundy profehein apres la fymaygne tie Pafque lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roi Edwakd dEngleterre trente primer & de Fraunce difoitifme fad plcinte a noftre Seignur le Roi qe par caule qe

Its

Ex Rot. iu Turr. Lond. les gentz de Grant Jerncmuth’ encontrcnt les pef-chours mcnantz harang a la dice ville cn temps de feyre & achatent Sc forflallent le harang avant qil veigne a la ville Sc auxint les hoftillers de rnefine la ville qi lierbergcnt les pcfchours venantz illoeqes ove lour harang lie veullent foeffie les ditz pel-chours vendre lour harang ne mellcr de la vente dicels einz le vendent a lour volunte demefne fi cher come i!s veullent Sc donent as pefchours ceo qe lour pi eft par quoi les pefchours fe retrehent de venir illoeqes & iifi ell le harang mis a plus grant chierte qe unqes ns full a grant damage nollre Seignur le Roi des Seignurs Sc de tout le poeple par quoi nollre Seignur le Roi veant le mefehief en celle partie par aflcnt des grantz & de tout la communalte ad ordine Sc ellabli remedie fur les ditz mefehiefs cn la fourme qc fenfuyt.

44 becaufe that the People of Great Yarmouth do en-44 counter the Fillters bringing Herring to the faid 44 Town in the Time of theFair, and do buy and fore-44 flail the Herring before they do come to the Town; 44 (2) and alfo the Hollelers of the fame Town, that 44 lodge the Fifhers coming thither with their Herring, 44 will not fuffer the faid I ilhers to fell their faid Her-44 ring, nor meddle with the Sale thereof, but fell them “ at their own Will as dear as they will, and give to 44 the Filhers that pleafeth them, whereby the Fifhers 44 do withdraw themfelvcs to come thither ; (3) and 44 fo is the Herring fet at much greater Price than ever 44 it was, to the great Damage of our Lord the King, 44 of the Lords, and of all the People : Wherefore “ our Lord the King, feeing the Mifchiefs in this Be-44 half, by the Affent of the Great Men and all the 44 Commons, hath ordained and flablifhed Remedy 44 upon the faid Mifchiefs, in the Form as followed!.”

295

C A P. I.

Herrings fliall not be bought or fold on the Sea : At what Time they fhall be fold.

PRimerement qe nul harang foit vendu nachate en mier tanqe les pefchours foient venuz en raven ove lour harang Sc qc la corde de la nief foit rete a la terre.

4 TPIRST, That no Herring be bought or fold in'

4 jp the Sea, till the Fifhers be come into the Haven Altered by 5 El.

4 with their Herring, and that the Cable of the Ship be % V ’'J‘

,	1	.	.. -r	,	1	F-cftrcr.cu	a!	the

drawn to the Land.	£>,/<,/

Uwtrg Chapter,'

CAP. II.

The Order and Time of bringing and felling of Herring at Yarmouth Fair. How many Herring fliall be accounted an Hundred, and how many a Laft. Who fhall govern the Fair.

r TEM qe les-pefchours foient franks de vendre 1 lour harang as totes gentz qe veignent a la feyre e Jerncmuth faunz nulie deftourbance de lour hollers ou autres queconqes. Ft qant les ditz pef-hours veullent vendre en port lour marchaundifes ient lour hollilers ovefqe eux fils y veullent dire I c en lout prefence & en prefence dautres marchantz n apert vendent lour marchandifes, a qi qe lour lerra. Et f; autres marchantz prefentz veullent ver part des dites marchandifes Sc chcfcun qe laime [avera] fa part pur le pris folonc lafferant e mefmes les marchandifes ifiint venduz Sc foit la ite vente faite du folaill levant tanqe a foleill re-ours & nemie devant ne apres fur forfeiture de nefmes les marchandifes. Et qe les ditz pefchours oient franlcs dachater lour vitaillcs Sc cco qc lour lefoigne ou qe lour plerra. Et qe nul hoftiler mitre nachate nul harang pur pendre en mefon par •ovine re en autre manere plus haut la laft de xl. ouldz mes meins en tant come il poet folonc ceo (il porra acordcr ove le vendour. Et qe nul hofli-er lie nul de lour valletz ne nul autre qi qe ceo bit venant a la dite feyre naille par mier ne par erre de forflaller le harang en prive nen apert mes jc le harang veigne franchement nient vendu en le laven. Ne qe nul renner nee face achate de ha-ang frefch deinz le haven de Jernemuth’ parentre es felles de Seint Michel Sc dc Seint Martyn fur icine demprifonement a la volunte le Roi & de orfaiture de tout le harang ilhnt achate. Et qe ml vcflel appelle Pyker de Londres ne de nulle

ITEM, That the Fifhers be free to fell their The Order ana Flerring to all that come to the Fair of Great Yar- Time of bring-, mouth, without any Difturbance of their H,offeIers, lnS*nd or any other. (2) And when the Filhers will fell theFairof Great their Merchandifes in the Port, they fliall have their v'armouth. Hollelers with them, if they there will be, and inA*A'ii their Prefence, and the Prefence of other Merchants, 35 Ed'3-c- '• openly fliall fell their Merchandifes. * (3) And that every Man claim his Part for the f taking, after the ±. pr;ce.

Rate of the fame Merchandifes fo fold 3 J4) and the §». 35e'3. faid Sale fhall be made from the Sun-rifmg till the Sun going down, and not before nor after, upon Forfeiture of the fame Merchandifes. (3) And that the faid Fifhers be free to buy their Vitluals, and that which they need, where lhail pleafe them. (6) And The Price of a that no Hollelers, nor other, buy any for to hang in Lait ot Heiiing, their Houfes by Covin, nor in other Manner, at an higher Price the Laft than Forty Shillings, but Iefs in as much as he may, according as he may agree .with the Seller. (7) And that no Hollelers, nor any

.	...	-	.	There	/hall	be

of their Servants, nor any other whatfoever he be, no foreftalling

of Herring*

5 Eliz, c. 5.

4 coming to the faid Fair, fnall go by Land nor by Sea 4 to forcflal Herring privily nor openly, but the Her-4 ring fhall come freely unfold unto the Haven. (Sj 4 Nor that any Pyker make buying of frclh Herring in 4 the Haven of Yarmouth, betwixt the Feafts of Saint 4 Michael and Saint Martin, upon Pain of Imprifon-4 ment at the King’s Will, and to forfeit all the Her-4 ring fo bought. (9) And that no Veflel called Pyker 4 of London, nor of none other Place, fliall enter into 4 the laid Haven to % abate the Fair in Damage of the

A Pyker of London /hall not en^ ter into Yarmouth Haven to abate the Fair*

J Enhance*

* Add, to wbopifoever they pLafe. Arid f other Merchants there prefent will take Part of the fa'd Merchandize, and every one that claims fhall ave, & c•

4 People,

296

Stat. 2.

Anno tricefimo primo Edwardi III. A. D. 1357*

To what Holders fiiall be fworn.

Herrings Told to Hoftelers to their own Ufe.

U Curase.

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

The Hundred of c Herring, fix	4

Score} and the < Laft, ten Thou- c land.

' 4

The Prices of ( Herring, and	4

Gains thereby c

0rwithin 40 r. 4

4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

Outage,

'j- 72? Ftjhm

The Barons of c the Five Ports roufi govern the Fair oi Great c Yarmouth. c 4

People,' upon the Pain of Forfeiture of their Veffel, and all their Chatties found within. (10) And that all the Hoftelers be fworn before the Wardens of the faid Fair, and enjoined upon a great Forfeiture to the King, to receive their Guefts well and conveniently, and to aid and eafe them reafonably, taking of every Laft that fhall be fold to other Merchants than to the faid Hoftelers, 40 d. (11) And that of Herring fold to the fame Hoftelers to take in their Houfes, the fame Hoftelers fhall take nothing, and that becaufe of the Profits which they fhall have of Vidtuals fold to their faid Guefts, and of the Advantages that they have more than other of | Carriage of Herring fo by them bought, and hanging in their Houfes. (12) And that the Hoftelers becaufe of this Ordinance do not refufe their Guefts, but receive them, and intreat them in good and friendly Manner, as they have done before-time. (13) And that they for the Advantage of 40 d. the Laft, take upon them for the Payment of all the Herring that fhall be fold by their Affent to any Perfons. (14) And the Hundred of Herring fhall be accounted by fix Score, and the Laft. by ten Thoufand. (15) And that the Merchants of Yarmouth, of London, or elfewhere, fell the Thou • fand of Herring to the People after the Rate of the Price of the Laft. (16) And that the People of Yarmouth fell the Laft of Red Herring bought for 40 s. frefh 11 within forty Days, for half a Mark of Gain, and not above. 117) And that the People of London at fuch Fair fhall bring the Laft from Yarmouth to London for one Mark of Gain, and not above. (18} And alfo two Lafts of fhotten Herring frefh fhall be fold for the Price affeffed of the buying of a Laft of full Pierring, and fo of more and lefs after the fame Rate; (19) and of fnotten Herring red, the two Lafts fhall be fold dearer of a Mark than the Laft of Herring full red, and that becaufe the * Carriage of the Laft of fhotten Pierring draweth to as much as the Laft of full Herring; and fo of more and lefs, according to the fame Rate. (20) And that the Ships called the Pykers fnall freely buy frefh Pierring, and all other Merchandifes of f Fifties in Kyrkly, and elfewhere upon the Coafts of the Sea, without Impeachment or Difturbance of the Ploftelers of Yarmouth, or of any other ; (21) fo always, that no more Herring he difeharged in the Road of Kyrkly out of the Filhers Ships, but as much as may reafonably fuffice to the Charge of the Pykers that thither fhall conie for the fame Caufe. (22) And that the Fifhers be compelled to bring all the remnant of their Herring to the faid Fair to fell there; (23) fo that none fell Pierring in any Place about the Haven of Yarmouth by feven Miles, except in three Towns of Yarmouth, that is to fay, EJlon, JVeJion, and Southton, unlefs it he Herring of their own Fifhing. (24) Amd our Lord the King doth will, that the Barons of the Five Ports fhall caufe to be kept and governed the faid Fair according to the Compofition late made between them and the People of the Town of Yarmouth, confirmed by the King’s Grandfather; (25) and that the fame Barons and Bailiffs of Great Yarmouth caufe to be kept thefe prefent Ordinances in all Points, and to be cried in every Sunday between St. Michael and St. Martin, upon the Pain to lofe their Franchife, and to be punilhed at the King’s Will ; (26) and that the People of Yarmouth fuller the faid Barons of the Five Ports to govern and rule the faid Fair after the Purport of the laid Compofition, and due Execu-

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond. part aillours nentre deinz le dit haven pur enche-rer la feyre a damage du poepie fur peine de for-faire lour veffelx & touz lour chateux trovez de-deinz. Et qe touz les hoftilers foient fermentez devant les gardeins de la feyre Sc enjointz fur gref forfaiture du Roi de receiver lour houftes bien Sc covenablement Sc de eux eider Sc eifer refonable-ment parnant de chefcune laft qe ferra vendue as autres marchantz qe as ditz hoftilers quarrant de-niers. Et qe de harang vendu as mefmes les hoftilers de pendre en lour mefons riens ne prendront les hoftilers & ceo pur caufe des profitz qils averont des vitailles venduz a lour ditz houftes & davantage qils ont plus qe autres du coriage de harang iffinc par eux achate & pendu en lour mefons. Et qe les hoftilers par caufe de cefte ordinance ne refu-fent lour houftes einz les receivent Sc trettent en bone manere & amiable come ils ont fait avant ces heures Sc qils pur lavantage de les quarrant de-niers du laft empreignent pur le paiement de tut le harang qe ferra vendu par lour affent as qeconqes perfones. Et foit le cent de harang acompte par *£■ & le laft par “■ Et qe les marchantz de Jerne-muth de Loundres Sc aillours venderit le mill de harang au poepie folonc lafferant du pris du laft. Et qe deux laftes de fhotenharang frefch foient venduz pur le pris de lafferant de lachate dune laft du plein harang. Et qe les gentz de Jernemuth ven-dent le laft de harang fech’ achate pur quarrant fouldz frefch ou dedeinz quarrant fouldz pur dimi marc de gaine & nemye outre. Et qe les gentz de Loundres a tiel fire le laft amefne de Jernemuth en Loundres pur un marc de gaine Sc nemy outre. Et auflint foient deux laftes de fhotenharang frefch venduz pur la pris de lafferaunde de lachate dun laft de harang plein & iffmt de phis Sc de meins folonc mefme lafteraunt Sc de fhotenharang foer foient deux laftes venduz plus chier dune marc qe la laft de harang plein foor Sc ce par caufe qe la coriage du laft de fhotenharang court a tant come le laft de harang plein Sc iffint de plus Sc de meins folonc mefme lafteraunt. Et qe les niefs appellez Pykers achatent franchement harang frefch Sc toutes autres marchaundifes des pefeheurs en Kirkele Sc aillours fur cofteres de la mier faunz empefehementz ou deftourbance de lour hoftilers de Jernemuth ou de nul autre Iffint toutefoitz qe plus de harang ne foit defehargez en la rode de Kirkele hors de niefs de pefehours fors tant qe purra refonablement fuffire a la charge de pykers qe illoeqcs vendront pur celle caufe. Et qe les pefehours foient arcez de amener tout le remenaunt de lour harang a la dite feyre de vendre illoeqes iffint qe nul ne pende harang nul part environ le haven de Jernemuth par fept lewes finoun en trois villes de Jernemuth ceft affaver Efton Wefton & Southton (ilne foit harang de lour pefeherie demefne. Et noftre Seignurle Roi voet qe les Barons de Cynk portz facent garder Sc go-vernir la dite feyre folonc la compofition nadgairs faite entreeux Sc les gentz de la ville de Jernemuth, conferme par lael noftre Seignur le Roi & qe mefmes les Barons & les baillifs de Grant Jernemuth facent garder ceftes prefentes ordinances en touz pointz & crier chefcune Dymenge parentre le Seint Michel Sc le Seint Martyn fur peine de perdre lour fraunchifes Sc deftre puniz a la volunte le Roi Et qe les gentz de Jernemuth foeffrent les ditz Barons de Cynk Portz governir Sc reuler la dite feyre fo-

Stat. 2

297

A. D. 1357. Anno tricefimo primo Edwardi III.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. lone le purport de la compofition avantdite Sc due execution edre faitc de cedes ordinances fur la peine darreinement fufdite. Et foient cedes ordinances en droit de vente et achate de harang tenues en totes les villes dEngleterre ou harang ed pris Sc fecche fur les peines fufdites.

For farther Regulations concerning Herrings, &c. fee 22 Ed. 4. c. 2. it II, 7, f. 23.	5	El. c. 5 .fegl. 6 £f 7.	13 El. c. j I. feci. 5. 15 Car. 2. (. 16. 5	£?	Af.

f. 7. /aff. 10.	9^f 10	3. c. 44. feci. 16, 17, Gf iS. 5 c. S. art. 8,	5 GV0. i« c, 18.	8	Geo. I. c. 4 G? 16.	3	Cm.	2. r. 20. feil. 14.	26 Cm. s.

c, 3 G? 9.	28	Cm.	2. c. 14, 29 Cm. 2. c. 23. and 30Geo. 2. <r. 30,

CAP. III.

What great Officers fhall take Order for felling and buying of Fifh.

ET acorde ed par nodre Seignur le Roi les grantz & tote la communalte en ced parle-ment qe les Chaunceller & Treforer pris a eux Judices & autres du confeil le Roi tieux come leur l'emblera eient poer dordiner remedie de lachate & vente de dokfisfhe de Seint Botolph faumon de Bere-wyk & des vins Sc de pelTon a Briduit & aillcurs au fin qe le Roi & le poeple foient meuth fervitz pur meiliour marche qils nount ede devant ces heures & qe lordinance par eux faite en celle partie foit fermement tenuz.

going Clatter,

c TTEM it is accorded by our Lord the Ki.ig, the 1 1. Great Men, and all the Commons in this prefent ‘ Parliament, That the Chancellor and Treafurer ta-£ king to them Judices, and other the King’s Council,

£ fuch as to them fit all feem, fhall have Power to or-‘ daiu Remedy touching the buying and felling of £ Stock Fifh of St. Botulf, and Salmon of Berwick,

£ and of Wines and Fifh of Brijluit, and elfewhere ;

£ to the Intent that the King and the People may the £ better be ferved, and have better Market than they 1 have had before this Time, and that the Ordinances See the Rfi-£ bv them made in this Party be firmly holden.’	rencet to the fin

£ tion to be made of this Ordinance upon the Pain lad Tjle(-e 0n];_

£ aforefaid. (27) And thefe Ordinances in the Right nances to be £ of buying and felling of Herring, fhall be holden in obferved in all £ all the Towns of England, where Herring is taken Towns where £ and fearched, upon the Pains aforefaid.’	Herring is taken

Another Statute for Salt Fifh, made Anno 31 Edyv. III. Stat. 3. and

AnnoDom. 1357.

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond. m. 13. D.

PORCE qe mondre ed a nodre Seignur le Roi par les communes de fon Roialme dEngleterre en fon parlemcnt tenuz a Wedm’ le Lundy profehein apres la femaigne de Pafk lan du regne nodre Seignur le Roi ced affavoir dEngleterre trent primer Sc de France difoitifme qe peflons falez de Blakeneye Sc de les coderes joignantz font & devant ccs heures ont ede venduz a trop chier & exceffif pris a grant damage de nodre Seignur le Roi des grantz & de tout le poeple du dit Roialme de quoi les ditz communes prient remede nodre Seignur le Roi defirant fur ce mettre amendement en eife de fon poeple'& par afient de les Prelatz & autres grantz Sc communes ad ordegne & edabli fur la vente des ditz peffons en la manere qe fenfuyt.

CAP. I.

Doggers and Lode-fhips of Blacknsy-Haven fhall difeharge their Fifh there.

PRimerement qe touz les niefs appellez Dogeres &Loddiippes appurtenantz al haven de Blake-neye &des coderes joignantz cedaffavoirde Suyterle Wyn’ Claye Salthous Shirj'ngham Sc Crowemere Jeliverent & defehargent lour peffon dedeinz le haven de Blakeneye tantfoulement parentre Benorde & Hoghflete & en nul lieu aillours fur peine dem-prifonement a la volunte le Roi & forfaiture de mefme le peffon. Et qe nul peffon foit livere ne porte hors du nief a nulli mefon ne aillours avant qe le Seignur du nief en quele le dit peffon ed chargee & le marchant qui le peffon achatera foient acorde du pris dicel & ce par cler jour.

£ TTIRST it is ordained, That all the Ships called £ it1 Doggers and Lodelhips, pertaining to the Haven £ of Blackney, and Coads thereunto adjoining, that is £ to fay, the Suytor, the JVyneton, Clay, Saltbotife, Sbir-£ ingbarn, and Crowmer, fhall deliver or difeharge their £ Fifh within the Haven of Blackney only, betwixt £ Benord and Hogfleet, and in none other Place, upon £ Pain of Imprifcnment at the King’s Will, anc! For-£ feiture of the fame Fifh. (1) And that no Filh be £ delivered nor carried out of the Ship to any Kouie, £ nor elfewhere, before that the Owner of the Ship, £ wherein the faid Fifh is charged, and the Merchant £ that fhall buy the Fifh, be agreed of the Price of the £ fame, by clear Day.’

Q.q

Vol. I.

C A P.

298

Anno tricefimo primo Edwardi III.

A.D. 1357

Stat.

3*

CAP. II.

The Price of Dogger-fifh fhall be affelTed at the Beginning of the Fair. Who may buy Nets

and Hooks in Norfolk.

Loych-fifti tried Iut in three I'artf, Lob, Lin?, ar d Cod.

Who tl rdl have the Orgc-ySv

The Price 0/ Dogger-fi/h flu 11 bs a~eiTed af ihe Beginning of Biackney'Fair.

Fifh /hall not bp kept fecrrt to be fold by Retale.

* Dried.

Who may buy Nets anil Hooks in Norfolk to fcfii with..

TEM, That no Fifhcr nor Owner of any Ship, nor any other, fet Hand upon any Fifh within the Ship, for to try, choofe, or impair the Fifh, but only the Buyer or his Attorney, upon the faid Pain. (2) And that no Fifh called Loycb-fijh fhall be chofen or tried, but only in three Parts, that is to fay, Lob, Ling, and Cod ; (3) and that every of the fame three Sorts of Lob, Ling, and Cod, be good and co-vcnable, r.s in old time hath been ul'ed. And in cafe that no Orgcys, that is to fay, Fifh greater than Lob, be found in a Ship called a Lodc-Jhip, in the Hundred of Fob, Ling, and Cod, the Matters and Mariners fhall have of every Hundred of Lob, Ling, and Cod (the Hundred accounted to fix Score) twenty Orgeys, if there be fo many : And if there be lefs, the Matters and Mariners fhall have all the Orgeys ; (4) .and if there be more, the Overplus above the Scores to every Hundred fhall be put to the Fifh bought in Amendment of the Price of the fame to the Profit of the Buyer. (5) And alfo by the Advice of the Merchants and Buyers of the Owners coming to the Fair cf Blackney, and of the Owners of the Ships, a Price fhall be fet at the Beginning, and afieffed upon the Dogger- fifh and Loych-fifh, before that any Sale be made, which Price fhall be bolden during the Fair; and that the faid Fifh be fold at fucb a Price openly, and not by Covin privily. (6) And that no Owner of Ships, Mariners, nor other, lodge, nor caufe to be lodged in their Ploufes privily nor openly, Fifh in the Mud, nor Fifh * fcarchcd, for to fell a-gain another Time at Retale, but all fucb Fifh fhall be fold reafonably within the faid Bounds at the Fair and Price aforefaid, upon the fame Pain. (7) And that no Man buy Nets, Hooks, nor other Inftru-ments pertaining to Fifhing in the County of Norfolk, but Owners, Matters, and Mariners of Ships that ufe the Myftery of Fifhing, and which have to do with fuch 'Firings, upon Pain of Imprifonment, and to be ranfomed at the King’s Will, and to forfeit the Things fo bought.

4 (8) And that no Owner of a Ship, Mariner, nor ‘ other, make Impeachment, nor be refittant in any 4 Point againft this prefent Ordinance. Nor that no ‘ Mariner nor Either, becaufe of this Ordinance, leave ‘ or refufe to go in fifhing, as before times they were ‘ wont to do, nor difturb any Covenant made between 4 a Merchant and Owner of a Ship, upon Pain of Im-4 prifonment, and to be ranfomed at the King’s Will;

Ex Rot. hi Turr. Lond. y TEM qe nul pefchour ne Seignur du nief ne 1 nul autre ne mette main fur nul peflon deinz nief pur le petton trier efiire ou empirer fors fouie-ment Iachatour ou fon attorne fur la dite paine. Ft qe nuile peffori appelie Lochefifh r.e foit ettu ne trie fors tantfoulement en trois parties ceftaffavoir lob lyng & cod & qe chefcun de mefmes les trois fortz de lob lyng & cod foit bon & covenable come en auncien temps eftoit ufee. Ft en cas qe nul orgois ceft aflavoir petton plus grant qe lob foit trove en nief appelie Lodfhip en le cent de lob lyng ou cod eient ies meftres & mariners de chefcun cent de lob lyng Sc cod (le cent acompte a dis vintz) vint orgois fi tantz y foient & fi meins y foient eient les meftres & mariners touz les orgois & ft plusy foient foit le furplus outre les vintz a chefcun cent mys a le petton achate en amendement du pris dicel au profit del achatour. Et qe par lavis des marchantz & achatours des Seignurs -ve-nantz a la feire de Blakeneye & des Seignurs des niefs foit a comencement avant qe nul rente fe face certein pris mys & affiz fur le petton de dogere-filh & lochefifh queu pris foit tenuz durante la feire & qe tout le dit petton foit vendu a tielpris en appert & nemye par covyne privement en mufeet. Et qe nul Seignur de nief mariner nautre ne her-berge ne face herberger en lour mefons en prive nen appert petton en la mod ne petton fekpurre-vendre altrefoitz a retaill einz foit tout tiel petton vendu refonablement dedeinz les boundes fufdites as foir & pris avantditz fur mefme la peine. Et qe nul homme achate retz hokes nautres inftrumentz appertenantz a pefeherie en le contee de NorfF forfpris Seignurs meftres & mariners des niefs qui ufent le matter de pefeherie & qont affaire des tidies chofes fur peine demprifonement & deftre reintz a la volunte le Roi & fur forfaiture des chofes ifiint achates. [Et qe nul deliverance foit fait del dit petton fanz pretence dc ttz homines a ce efluz par les bones gentz de les villes Suyterle [S'outbcley] Wyneton Clave Salthous & Shiryngham & les Seignurs &c meftres des niefs & les marchantz queux tts hommes cynk quatre trois ou deux de eux a meins foient toutefoitz en prefence ove les Seignurs. & meftres de les niefs & les marchantz a chefcun deliverance affaire & ferront les ditz fis hommes efluz jurrez de bien & loialment fercherfi nul orgois foit trove en mufeet ultre vint orgois qe les meftre & mariners averont del cent come dettus eft dit & fi plus orgois foit trove en mufeet fait meintenant areftu par les ditz [fis] hommes efluz a cello heurc prefentz & forfait a noftre Seignur 1c Roi ".] Et qc nul Seignur de nief mariner nautre ne face empelchement ne ne foit rebel en nul point centre cefte prefente ordinance. Ne qe nul mariner ne pefchour par caufe de cefte ordinance ne idle ne refufe daler pefeber come il foleit devantces heures faire ne no deftourhe covenante faite paren-tre merchant & Seignur de nief fur peine demprifonement & deftre reint a la volunte lc Roi & qe

Note, There are two Copies of this Statute on the Roll, in one of which the Words included in the Crotchet: are not found.

3	fur

Staf

n

O -

2Q9

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

Aar ce brief foit mande au vifeonte de NcrfF’ qe a ebefeune plcinte qi vorra fuir pur le Roi ou pur iui melines centre ceux qui vendront en afeun point centre cefte ordinance face attacher les ditz rebelx & trel'pailburs & les detenir en prifon tanqe le Roi dc f’on confeil eient ordenez de eux ceo qe droit de-mande felonc la quantite de lour trefpas.

4 (<>) and that upon the fame a Writ be fent to the 4 Sheriff of Norfolk, that at every Man’s Complaint 4 that v/ill fue for the King, or for himfelf, againft e thofe that in any Point offend againff this Ordinance, ThePuniffimcnt * he fhall caufe the fame Refiftors and Trefpafl'ers to Oftende.-s 4 be attached, and them detain in Prifon till the King ° lls a “tl-4 and his Council have ordained of them that Right re- Ste tie Refirmcti 4 quireth, after the Quantity of their Trefpafs.’	,0 3*^. \.J at.

Ordinatio faSia fro ftatu terrez Hibernie. 31 Ed w. I. Slat. 4. See

Appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 34 Edw. III. and Anno Dom.

1 360.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. m. 10.

CE S font les chofes queles noffre Seignur le Roi Prelatz Seignurs & la commune out or-dinez enceft prefentparlement tenuza Weft-muffier le Dymenge profehein devant la felle de la converfion de Seint Poul a tenir & publier overte-ment parmy le Roialme ceftaffavoir.

44 t 4 "\HESE be the Things which our Lord the 44	jj	King, the Prelates, Lords, and the Com-

44	*“•	mons have ordained in this prefent Parlia-

44 ment holden at JVeJlminJler the Sunday next before 44 the Feaft of the Converfion of St. Paul, to beholden 44 and publifhed openly through the Realm.”

CAP. I.

"What Sort of Perfons fhall be Juftices of Peace; and what Authority they fhall have.

PRimerement qe en chefcun countee dEngleterre foient affignez pur la garde de la pecs un Seignur & ovefqe lui trois ou quatre des meultz vauez du countes enfemblement ove afeuns lages de la ley Sc eient poer de reftreindre les meffefours rio-tours & touz autres barottours & de les purfuir arefter prendre et ch’aftier felonc leur trefpas ou mefprifion & de faire emprifoner & duement punir felonc la Icy & cuftumes du E.oialme & feloncce qils verront mieultz affaire par lour diferetions & bon avifement & auxint de eux enformer & den-quere dc touz ceux qi ont cfle pilours & robeours es parties de dela & font ore revenue & vont va-gantz ft ne vcillent travaillcr come ils foleint avant ces hours St de prendre & arefter. touz ceux qils purrent trover par enditement ou par fufpecion &les mettre en prifone Sc de prendre de touz ceux qi ne font dc bone fame on ils ferronttrovez fuffifant feu-rete Sc meinprife de lour bon port devers le Roi Sc fon poeple ct les autres duement punir au fin qe le poeple ne foit par tieux notours troble nendamage nela pees enblemy ne marchantz nautres pail’antz par les hautes chemyns du Roialme deftourbez ne abaiezdu peril qe purra avenir de tieux mefFefours ct auxint doier & terminer a la fuite le Roi tote manere de felonies & trefpas faites en meifme le countee felonc les leys & cuftumes avantdites & qe briefs doier & terminer foient grantes felonc les eftatuz ent faites mes qe les juftices qe ent ferront affignez foient nomez par la court & nemie par la partie. Et le Roi voet qe totes generales enqu’er-res avant ces heures grantez deinz leignuries que-

4 TPIRST, That in every County of England fhall 4 j[J be affigned for the keeping of the reace, one 4 Lord, and with him three or four of the moil wor-4 thy in the County, with fome learned in the Law, 4 (2) and they fhall have Power to reftrain the Often-4 ders, Rioters, and all other Barators, and to purfue, 4 arreft, take, and chaftife them according to their 4 Trefpafs or Offence; (3) and to caufe them to be 4 imprifoned and duly punifhed according to the Law 4 and Cuftoms of the Realm, and according to that 4 which to them fhall feem beft to do by their Difcre-4 tions and good Advifement; (4) and alfo to inform 4 them, and to inquire of all thofe that have been Pil-4 lors and Robbers in the Parts beyond the Sea, and 4 be now come again, and go wandring, and will not 4 labour as they were wont in Times paft, (5) and to 4 take and arreft all thofe that they may find by Indict -4 ment, or by Sufpicion, and to put them in Prifon; 4 (6) and' to take of all them that be not of good Fame, 4 where they fiiall be found, fufiicient Surety and 4 Mainprife of their good Behaviour towards the King 4 and his People, and the other duly to punifh, to the 4 Intent that the People be not by fuch Rioters or Re-4 bels troubled nor endamaged, nor the Peace Memifh-4 ed, nor Merchants nor other pafiirig by the Higli-4 ways of the Realm difturbed, nor put in the Peril 4 which may happen of fuch Offenders. (7) And alfo 4 to hear and determine at the King’s Suit all Manner 4 of Felonies and Trefpaffes done in the fame County 4 according to the Laws and Cuftoms aforefaid; (8J 4 and that Writs of Oyer and Determiner be granted ae-4 cording to the Statutes thereof made, and that the 4 Juftices which fiiall be thereto affigned be named by 4 the Court, and not by the Party. (9) And the King 4 will, that all general Inquiries before this Time gran’t-Q_q 2	4	ed

WI10 (I,all be Juftices of the? Peace, and what Authority they /hall have.

Cro. El, 14S, 6S9. SCo. 56.

1 Ed, 3. ftat. 2s c. j 6. 2 Eil. 3. c. 6. 4 Ed, 3. c. 1. iS Ed. 3. flat. 2. c. 2." Enforced ar.d amended ly 13 R. 1, flat. 1. c. 7.	2	H.	5.

ftat. 1. c. 4.

Juftices of Peace may hear and determine Felonies and Trcf* pailes.

Con-.ir'/irns of general Inquiries /hall ccafe.

3oo

CL

triceflmo quarto Edwardi III. A. D. 1360.

ed within any Seigniories, for the Mifchiefs and Op-preflions which have been clone to the People by fuch inquiries, fhall ceafe utterly and be repealed; (10) and that Fines, which are to be made before Juftices for a Trefpafs done by any Pcrfon, be reafonable and juft, having Regard to the Quantity of the Trefpafs, and the Caufes for which they be made/

6. Sind fee i iy\ &	fcjf' 2. c. z. declaring excejfiuc Fines and cruel Punijhments to be illegal; and likewife Grants of Fines before Cor.viElion• See farther for

the £>ua!ftcation and Duty	of Juftices of the Peacet	izR.z. c. 10. 2 H. 5.flat. 1. c. 4. 18 H. 6. c, 11. 1 Ed. 4. c. 2. I R. 3. c, 3.	3 H» 7. c. 1,	4 H. 7.

t"i 12*	1 M»ftet.2, c. S.	I 2 P, & M, c. 13.	2 £2* 3 P. & M. c, 10. 7^,1, r. 5. 21 Jac, 1. c. 12, 6Gcj. 1. c. zi.feft. io» 9 Geo, i,'C, 7.	5<rfc.2.

<-.18019.	15 Gm 2,	24.	16 Gfo. 2. c. 18.	iZ Geo.z, c. 20, 23 CVc, 2. c, 26. 24(^0.2. r. 4455. 26 G?», 2. f. 14©* 27.	27 GVo. 2. c.	16&to,

and 30 Geo. 2, c, 24.

Fines for Tref-pafTes iliall be reafonable. t) //, 'X.ftat, 1, 34. 3 Ed, 1.

£.*• in Turr. Lond. conqes pur les mefehiefs & oppreflions qe ontefte faites au poeple par tieles enquerres cefient outre-ment & foient repellez et qe fins qe font affaire de-vant Juftices pur trefpas fait par afeune perfone foient refonables & juftes eant regard au quantite du trefpas & les caufes pur queles eles font faites.

CAP. II.

No Purveyance fhall be made but for the King, the Queen, and the King’s eldeft Son.

Enforced by 36 Ed. 3. c. 2. Obf. by 12 Car, 2. r. 24.

TT 1 EM it is accorded. That Taking fhall not be Jt from henceforth made by other than the Purveyors of the King, of the Queen, and of the Prince their cldcft Son; and that if any other Man’s Purveyors make fuch Takings, it fnall be done of them as of People which do without Warrant, and their Deed judged as a Thing done againft the Peace and the Law of the Land ; and fuch as do make theni-felves Purveyors in fuch Manner fhall be duly pu-nifhed.’

ITEM acorde eft qe prifes defore ne foient faites par autres qe par les purveours-le Roi ma Dame la Roine & le Prince lour eifne filtz & qe ft purveours des autres facent tieu prifes foit fait de eux come des gentz qi fount fanz garaunt Sc lour fait jugge come chofe faite contre la pees Sc la ley" de la terre & foient tieux qi fe fount purveours en la manere fuifdit duement puniz.

CAP. III.

When Things purveyed for t,he Queen and Prince fhall be paid for.

See the foregoing Chapter,

ITEM des purveances faites al oeps la Royne Sc du Prince du polaill Sc dautres meinz chofes foit paie-ment fait en poigne fur la prife Si des autres grofies purveances deinz le mois ou fis fimaignes es countees ou ils ferront prifes & qe le nombre de tieux purveours foit abregge en tant come bonement purra pur eide Sc quiete du commune poeple.

CAP. IV.

What Sort of People fhall be returned upon every Jury.

3 Ed. z. flat. 1. , 38. 2i Ed. 1. at. 1. 28 Ed.

. flat. 3. c. 9.

0 Ed. 3. c. 6.

\e 42 Ed. 3. .11.

1 TEM, Becaufe that the Sheriffs and other Mini-fters often do array their Panels in all Manner of Inquefts of People procured, and mod far off from the Counties, which have no Knowledge of the Deed whereof the Inqueft fhall be taken;” 4 (2) it is accorded, That fuch Panels fhall be made of the next People, which fhall not be fufpedl nor procured; (3) and that the Sheriffs, Coroners, and other Mini fters which do againft the fame fhall be punifhed before the Juftices that take the faid Inqueft, according to the Quantity of their Trefpafs, as well againft the King as againft the Party, for the Quantity of the Damage which he hath fuffered in fuch Man-

R■ 3 Geo. 2.

c- 4.

c.25,

* ncr.

II H. 7. c. 21.

4 Geo. 2. c. 7.

ITEM por ce qe vifeontes & autres miniftres fc-vent arraient lour panels en tote manere den-queftes des gentz procurez & pluis lointifs du countee qi nor.t coniffance du fet dount lenquefte ferra prife, Acorde eft qe tieu paneles foient faites des plus profeheins gentz qi ne font pas fufpedtes ne procurez Sc qe les vifeontes coroners Si autres miniftres qi font a lencontrer foient puniz devant les Juftices qi la dite enquefte prendra felonc la quantite de leur trefpas fibien devers le Roi come devers la partie pur la quantite du damage qil ad fuffert en tieu manere.

4 ii. 8. c. 3.	5 H. S. c, 5.	23 11. 8. c, i;.	35	II. 8. c. 6.	27 Elia. c. 6.	4£? 5 W.& M, c. 24. 7 £? 8 W. 3. e. 32.

6 Geo. 2. c. 37. 24 Geo. 2. c. 18. and 29 Geo. 2. c, 19. providing farther fir the Qualification of Jurors. Regift. 117, 178.

CAP. V.

Aunccl Weight fhall be put out. Buying and felling fhall be by equal Balance.

a 3 Ed. 3. Hat. 5. ‘ TTEM it is accorded, That they which fhall be 9:	4	JL afligned to keep the Peace fhall have Power to in-

IncTfldu if ‘ ciu‘re of Meafures, and alfo of Weights, according cuireof Weights * t0 t^le Statute thereof made the five and twentieth and Mcifuresl * Year of the Reign of our Lord the King, (2) where-‘ in is contained the Form that followeth“ Where-“ as very great Damage, &c. as in zt Ediv. 3. flat. 5. c.9. vide ftoh 264.”

ITEM eft acorde qe ceux qi ferront affignez de garder la pees eient poair aenquere des mefurcs Sc auxint des pois felonc leftatut ent fait lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi vint Sc quint en quel eft contenu la forme qe fenfuit 4 Force qe Sic. proitt in flat. 25 Edw. 3. flat. 5. c. 9. vide fol. 264.

Cap.

CAP. VI.

All Meafures fhall be according to the King’s Standard, &c.

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come contenu foit en la Grant Chartre qe une mefure foit ufe parmy tutEngleterre la quele chartre nad mie efte tenue bien en ce point avant ces heures fi eft acorde Sc aflentu qe totes les mefures ceft afla-voir buflel demy buflel Sc peck galon potel Sc quart par tout Engleterre deinz franchife Sc dehors foient acor-dantz a leftandard noftre Seignur le Roi. Et contiegne le quarter oyt buffels par leftandard & nient plus Sc foit chefcune mefure de ble rafe faunz comble fauvez les rentes Sc fermes des Seignurs queles foient mefures par tiele mefure come eles foleient avant ces heures. Et facent les purveours le Roi ma Dame la Roine et touz autres lour purveances par mefmes les mefures rafes et en mefme la manere. Et a totes les foitz qe meftier ferra le Roi aflignera certeins Juftices en chefcune countee denquere et doier et terminer fur les pointz fufditz et de faire fur ce due puniflement felonc chefcuny trefpas iibien a la fuite de partie come a la fuite le Roi iffint totesfoitz qe tote manere des franchifes foient fauvez as Seignurs en toutz pointz. Les queles chofes le Roi voet qe foient criez en chefcune countee deinz franchife et dehors entre cy et la Pafch profchein avenir au fin qeles foient gardez et tenuz en toutz pointz et qe les dites gardeins de la pees enquergent et pu-niftent touz ceux qils troveront qaveront fait contre le dit eftatut apres la dite proclamation faite. Et foit nuflint meifme la proclamation faite en citees burghs et villes enfranchez qe les ditz articles y foient tenuz et gardez cn touz pointz furies peines contenues en leftatut fait lan du regne noftre Seignur le- Roi vint et oy-tifme touchant la Citee de Loundres et autres citees et burghs du Roialme et fils ne gardent les ditz articles le Roi en lour defaute ferra mettre meifme leftatut fait de meifmes les peines en execution contre eux.

and Meafures 13 R.z. fiat, 1. c. 9.	15	R.	a.	c.	4.	11H.	7.	c.	4.	izH.	7.	c,	5.	16	Car.	1.	c.	19,	and

9#. 3. flat, x* c• 25-

Repealed by 21 Jac, 1. c. 28, 11 H. 7. c, 4.

Set farther concerning Weights Car. 2. c. 8.

CAP.

An Attaint will lie as well

ITEM acorde eft contre la fauxine desjurrours qe chefcunhomme contre qi ils pafl’ent puifle avoir (itteint Iibien en plee reale come perfonele Sc qe latteint foit grante as povres qi voillent affier qils iiont riens de ent faire fin fauve lour contenance aunzfm Sc as touz autres par eife fin.

VII.

in Plea Real as Perfonal.

ITEM it is accorded againft the Falfhood of Ju-' rors. That every Man againft whom they pafs, may have Attaint as well in Plea Real as Perfonal;

(2) and that the Attaint be granted to the Poor, 3 Ed. 1. c. 3S. which will affie_, that they have nothing whereof to 1 ^ 3- fiat- *■ make Fine (faving their Countenance) without Fine,	,

and to all other by eafy Fine.’	c.	8.7*

19 II. 7, c. 3. and 23 H. 8. c. 3. for farther Regulations and Extenfior.s of Attaints»

And fee 9 Rich. 2. c. 3.	11 H. 7. c. 21	24.

CAP. VIII.

The Penalty of a Juror taking Reward to give his Verdict.

ITEM qe en chefcun plee dount lenquefte ou laffife pafi’e fi aucun des parties voudra fuir vers ifeuns des jurrours qil ad pris de fon adverfer ou le lui pur dire fon verdit foit oy Sc eit fa pleinte neintenant par bille devant les Juftices devant pieux ils jurrerunt Sc qe le jurrour foit mis a re-poundre faunz nul delai Sc fils pledent au paiis qe mquefte foit pris maintenant. Et fi nul homme mtre qe la partie vodra fuyr pur le Roi vers le jur-ours foit oy Sc termine come deftits eft dit. Et fi e jurrour foit atteint a fuite dautre qe la partie Sc ace fin qe la partie qe feuft eit la moitie du fin Sc qe es parties au plee recoverent lour damages par axation de lenqueft Sc qe le jurrour ifiint atteint :it la prifone dun an quel emprifonement le Roi ;rante qe ne foit pardone pur nul fin. Et fi la >artie voudra finer par brief devant autres Juftices it fa fuyte en la forme avantdite.

‘ ITEM, That in every Plea, whereof the Inqueft V H- 6. f- S.

‘ or Aflife doth pafs, if any of the Parties will fue F^tz- Dam:!Sl:»

‘ againft any of the Jurors, that they have taken ofp;t‘z Dcc;es ‘ his Adverfary, or of him, for to give their Verdidt, tamum, i, 2, 3, ‘ he fhall be heard, and fhall have his Plaint by Bill 4, 5, 6, 9, n.

‘ prefently before the Juftices before whom they did Raft' H5*

‘ fwear, and that the Juror be put to anfwer without ‘ any Delay; (2) and if they plead to the Country,

£ the Inqueft fhall be taken prefently. (3) And if any ‘ Man other than the Party will fue for the King againft ‘ the Juror, it fhall be heard and determined as afore ‘ is laid. (4) And if the Juror be attainted at the 4 Suit of other than the Party, and malceth Fine, the 4 Party that fueth fhall have half the Fine; (3) and 4 that the Parties to the Plea fhall recover their Dama-4 ges by the AfTefirnent of the Inqueft; (6) and that 4 the Juror fo attainted have Imprifonment for one 4 Year, which Imprifonment the King granteth that 4 it fhall not be pardoned for any Fine. (7) And if 5 Ed. 3. c. i0.

4 the Party will fue by Writ before other Juftices, hc Enforced by 4 fhall have the Suit in the Form aforefaid.5	38 Ed' ’•

c, 12. dialling

that Jurors taking Money f: all forfeit ten times the Sum taken•	Regift. 1S8.

CAP,

CO

02

Per. 5 El>,

■C, J,

R»p. 5EI1Z.

c. 4,

^cp. 5 El, c, 4

3I0P- Iz'

C. 9—12, Anno tricefimo quarto EdwardiIII. A. D. 1360.

CAP; IX.

The Statutes of 23 Edw. 3. cap. 1. and 25 Edw. 3. S/tzL 1. cap. 1 & 2. touching Labourers,

Carpenters, Mafons, &V. confirmed.

2?* Aot. in Tnrr. Lond.

A Corde eft en cefte prefent parlement qe leftatut des laborers auneienement fait eftoife en touz pointz for-j~\_ fpris la penance pecuniere quel defore eft acorde qe les laborers ne foient pas punitzpar fins et raunce-011s et eft aflentuz qe le dit eftatut foit efforce en puniffement des laborers en forme qe fenfuyt. Que les Seignurs des villes les pnilTent prendre et emprifoner par qtiinze jours fils ne fe voillent jufticer et adonqes les maunder au profcheine gaole illoeqes a demorer tanqeils fe voillent jufticer par forme de leftatut et qe le vilcont gaoler nautre miniftre ne lot lefle a nulle mainprife nen bailie et fil face qil paie au Roi xli. et ala partie c s. ne qe le vifconte gaoler nautre miniftre ne preigne nul fee ne porterage du prifon ne a fon entree ne a fon iftir fur mefme la peine. Et qen cefte ordinance foient comprifes fibien carpenters et maceons come touz autres laborers fervantz et artificers et qe les carpenters et maceons preignent defore falarie par la jour-neiect nemie par limaigne nen autre manere et qe les chiefs meftres des carpenters et maceons preignent le jour iiij d. et les autres iij d. ou ij d. folonc ce qils vaillent et qe totes alliances et covignes des maceons et carpenters et congregations cbapitres ordinances et ferementz cntre eux faites ou affaires foient defore anientiz & anullez de tout Ifisnt qe chefcun maceon & carpenter de quel condition qil foit foit arce par fon meftre a qi il fert de faire chefcun overaigne qe a lui appent affaire ou de fraunche pere ou de groffe pere et aiiflint chefcun carpenter en foil degre mes bien life a chefcun Seignur & autre de bargainer & covenancer de lour overaignes.en groffe ove tiels laborers & artificers quant leur plerra iffmt qils parfournent tielz overaignes bien & Ioialment felonc les bargaine & covenant ove eux ent faitz.

C A P. X.

The Punifhmen!: of Labourers, &c. departing from their Service into another County.

ITEM des laborers & artificers qi falloignent hors de lour fervices en autre ville ou en autre countee qe h I partie eit fa fuite devant Juftices & qe le vifconte lui preigne au premer jour come eft contenu en leftatu' fil loit trove & face de lui execution come deffus eft dit et fil retourne qil neft mie trove eit lexigende ai premer jour & ee fuy tanqe ii feit utlaie & apres la utlagarie foit brief-de mefmes les Juftices mande a que-conqe vifconte dEngleterre qe la partie vodra fuir de lui prendre & lui mander au vifconte du countee ou i eft utlage & quant il ferra illoeqes mefne eit illoeqes la prifon tanqe il fe voet jufticer & eit fait gree a 1; | partie et nientmeins pur la fauxine foit ars en le frount dune fer fait & fourme au manere de la lettre F. ei figne de fauxine fi la partie greve lc vodra fuyer. Mes foit celle penance de larfon mis en refpit tanqe al Seint Michel profehein avenir & adonques ne (bit mie execute fil ne foit par avis des Juftices & demoerge le fer ei la garde duvifeont. Et qe vifeont & chefcun bail!if de franchife foit entendant au pleintif de mettre cefb ordinance en execution fur la peine avantdit. it.t qe nul laborer nartificer ne preigne nulle manere de lowe le jourde feltes.

cap. xr.

If a Labourer or Servant do flee to a City or Borough, the chief Officer upon Requeft final

deliver him up.

ITEM qe fi nul laborer fervant ou artificer fnlloigne a afeun citee ou burgh & la partie pleintif veigne si meire & baillifs & demande la liveree de fon fervant qils lui facent la iiveree fanz delay. Et ills le refufer. de faire eit le pleintif fa fuite devers les tnaire iz bailiffs devant les Juftices de laborers et ii de ce foient atteijit: paient au Roi x li. & a la partie cs.

C A P. XII.

There fhall be no Forfeiture of Lands for Treafon of dead Perfons not attainted.

“ T'TEM, Whereas the Commons have complained “ them of Efcheators, which by Colour of their cc Office have feifed divers Lauds and Tenements as “ forfeit to the King for 'Ircaibn furmifed in dead Per-“ fons, which were never attainted of Treafon in their “ Lives, the King thereof hath good Regard; (2) “ but becaufc he and bis Progenitors have.been feifed “ of the Forfeitures of Warrsof all Times, the King “ will not exclude himfelf of fuch Right, whereof he “ found his Crown feifed, and will continue his Right “ of fuch Forfeitures fallen in his Time, and in the “ Time of his Father, in the Manner as hath been “ ufed: ’	‘ (3) Nevcrthelefs, of his fpecial Grace

TTEM come la communalte fe eit pleint des c(

__ chetours queux par colour de lour office out fci

fiz plufours terres & tenementz come forfaites a Roi pur trefon furmys en perfones mortes qe unqt ne furent atteintes en lour vies le Roi en ad bo regard. Mes porce qil Si fes progenitours out ell feifiez des forfaiturcs tie guerre de tout temps le Rt ne fe voet oufter de tiel droit dont il trova fa Cc rone feili Si cel droit voet continuer de tieux foi failures efeheues cn fon temps & cn temps fon piei en la manere come ad cite ufee nientmeins de grace efpeciale ii voet Si grauntc qe de tittux foi faitures efeheues ei> temps fon ael S: touz fes pre

genitot;

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud. ' genitours pardevant a pluiftoft qcnqueft ent Terra retourne cn Chancellerie par efchetour ou autre qi poair ad denqucre qe ]e tenant ne foit pas ouftc de ia pofteflion mes foit garny par Scire facias d eft re au ccrtein jour' dc refpoundre a cel Scire facias ill voudra. Et ft nulle tide forfaiture foit ore ou ferra feil’e de cel temps qe la main le Roi ent foit oufte Iflint totes voics qen touz aufrcs cas de forfaiture de trefon des perfones mortz nient atteintz ne jug-gez cn lour vies ne foient pas lour heires ne lour terrc tenantz empefchcz ne chalangez ne de nulle autre forfaiture forfprifes les forfaitures aunciene-incnt ajuggez aprts la mort des perfones par pre-fentementz en Eyre ou cn Eaunk le Roi come des felons de foi Sc autres.

c he will and granteth, That of fuch Forfeitures fallen ‘ in the Time of his Grandfather, and all his Proge-‘ nitors before, as foon as an Inqueft fhall be thereof ‘ returned in the Chancery by the Efcheators, or other ‘ which have Power to inquire, that the Tenant fhall ‘ not be put out of his Pofteflion, but fhall be warned 1 by Scire facias, to be at a certain Day to anfwer to ‘ his Scire facias, if he will. (4) And if any fuch * Forfeiture be now, or fhall be feifed of the- fame ‘ Time, that the King’s Hand fhall be out thereof; (5)

‘ fo always, that in all other Cafes of Forfeiture for Forfeiture of ‘ Treafon of dead Perfons not attainted or judged in pfr*”ons ‘ their Lives, their Heirs, nor their Land-Tenants ‘ fhall not be impeached nor challenged, nor of any King’s ‘ other Forfeiture, except the Forfeitures in old Time Bench.

‘ judged after the Death of the Perfons by Prefentment ‘ in Eyre, or in the King’s Bei

themfelves and other.’

CAP. XIII.

Bench, as of Felons of Fitz.Petition,t.

Enforced by 46 Ed. 3. for which fe&.sJppenMxt

By what People, and in what Place and Manner, an Efclieator fhall take .his Inqueft.

It EM acorde eft qs chefcun efehetour preigne fes enqueftes de fon ofFice des bones gentz Sc loialx qe foient enheritez fufficealrrsent & de bone fame Sc de mefme le countee ou lenquerre fe ferra Sc qe les enqueftes iflint prifes foient endentez en-tre les efehetours Sc les jurrours Sc ft autrement foit fait qe tieles enqueftes foient tenuz pur indies. Et le Ror voet qe tieles enqueftes foient prifes en bones vilks overtement Sc nemie en prive.

7 TEM.it is accorded, Fhai every Efcheator fhall D^criftp tjo.

1 take his Inquefts of his Office of good People and lawful, which be fufficier.tly inherited and of good Fame, and of the fame County where the Inquiry fhall be; (2) and that tbe Inquefts fo taken be inf-dented betwixt the Efcheators and the Jurors; (3) and if it be othervvife done, that fuch Inquefts be holden for void. And the King will, that fuch Inquefts be taken in good Towns openly, and not pri- ftf'di'dlf

36 Ed. 3.fiat. 1,-.

vily.’

c. 13.	23	H.	6.	c.	17

*	and 1 H. 3. c. S. loticb is madeperfclualby 3 H. Si

*	Read c. 16,

CAP. XIV.

In what Court Traverfes of Offices found before Efcheators ftiall be tried,

ITEM acorde eft qe ou terres ou tenementz foient feiftz en la main le Roi par office defehetour cente- 0ES- i^Car.?;

nant qe le tenant le Roi en fift alienation fanz conge le Roi ou qe le tenant le Roi par fervice de chivaler 4 4j

moruft feifi des terres Sc tenementz avantditz en fon demefne come de fee & fon heir deinz age & puis la qf rf ‘Cro.'

caufe certifie en la Chauncellerie & cellui qi terres font feifttz viegne en Chauncelierie Sc voet traverfer loffice El. 52;. 2 Roll

qe fut primes pris par manclement du Roi qe les dites terres nc foient mie feifables foit il a ceo reccu et foit le 3S1 • Raft. 315.

1 proces mande en banc le Roi a trier et outre faire droit.	E<|. v c- <3*

I*	3	Ed. 6. c.S,

C A P. XV.

A Confirmation of Alienations made by the Tenants of King Henry the Third, &c.

ITEM acorde eft qe les alienations des terres et tenementz faites par gentz qe tenoient du Roi Henri Belael au Roi qore eft ou des autres Rois devant lui a tenir de eux mefmes qe les alienations eftoifent en lour force fauvant totesfoitz a noftre. Seignur le Roi fa prerogative du temps fon ael fon piere et de fort; temps demefne.

CAP. XVI.

.Non-claim of Fines fhall hereafter be no Ear.

IT E M eft acorde qe plee de Noun claym des fins ‘ qe font deforea lever ne foit pris ne tenuz pur ‘ barre tn temps avenir.	c

ITEM it is accorded. That the Plea of Non-claim

of Fines, which from henceforth be to be levied, Co. Lit. 262. a: fhall not be taken nor holden for any Bar in time to Sec ah. 7. t.24.

COnte.’	and	h.s.

c. 36. which ex-pounds the frt-

C A p.

3°4

C. 17—21.

Anno triceiimo quarto Edwardi III. A. D. 1360

CAP. XVII.

Merchandifes may be carried into and brought out of Ireland.

‘ ¥ T E M it is accorded, That all the Merchants, as c JL well Aliens as Denizens, may come into Ireland ‘ with their Merchandifes, and from thence freely to ‘ return with their Merchandifes and Vidtuals without ‘ Fine or Ranfom to be taken of them, faving always ‘ to the King his antient Cuftoms and other Duties.’

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond.

ITEM acorde eft qe touz marchantz fibien aliens come denzeins puiflent venir en Irlande ove lour niarchandifes & dilloeqes retournir franche-ment ove lour marchandifes & vitailles faunz fin ou raunceon prendre de eux fauve totesfoitz au Roi fes auncienes cuftumes 6c autres devoirs.

CAP. XVIII.

They which have Lands in Ireland, may carry their Goods thither, and bring them again.

17 Ed. I. (.3.

Repealed as to Cattle, by 18 Car. 2, c. s.

rtvbicb is v:ade perpetual by 32 Car. 2. c, 2, fie. a.

‘ ¥ TEM, That the People of England, as well Re-‘ J. ligious as other, which have their Heritage and ‘ Poffeiiions in Ireland, may bring their Corn, Beafts, ‘ and Victuals to the faid Land of Ireland, and from ‘ thence to rccarry their Goods and Merchandifes into ‘ England, freely without Impeachment, paying their ‘ Cuftoms and their Devoirs to the King.’

CAP.

ITEM qe gentz”dEngleterre fibien religioufes come autres qont lour heritages & poffeflions en Irlande puiflent mener lour bledz beftes et vitailles a laditeterre dlrland et dilloeqes remener lourbiens et marchandifes en Engleterre franchement et faunz empefehement paiant lour cuftumes et autres devoirs au Roi.

XIX.

No Cuftom or Subfidy lhall be paid for Canvas to pack Wooil in.

“ JTEM, Becaufe that Merchants, Aliens, and “ JL Denizens, by an evil Cuftom rifen of late, have “ been conftrained to pay Cuftom and Subfidy for their “ Canvas, with which their Woolls be packed ‘ (2) ‘ it is accorded, That l'uch Canvas with their Corners ‘ lhall from henceforth be allowed to them without ‘ paying Cuftom'or Subfidy for the fame.’

ITEM porce qe les marchantz aliens et denzeins par unemalveife cuftume leve de novel ont efte conftreintz de paier cuftume et fubfide pur lour canevace deins quel lour leines font packes Acorde eft qe tieu canevace enfemblement ove lour corners lour foient defore alloues fanz ent paier cuftume ou fubfide.

C A P. XX.

No Corn lhall be tranfported but to Calais and Gafcoign.

Repealed by fTEM acorde eft qe paflage des bledz foit defendu en touz les portz dEngleterre fiqe nulle eit congie ne

21 Jac. 1. c. zB. 1. garaunt de pafier tielx bledz en nulle manere fil ne foit a Calays et Gafcoign ou as autres lieux elpeciales queux il covient qe le Roi face garnir des bledz dEngleterre et ce a fa propre ordinance et congie.

CAP. XXI.

A Confirmation of a former Grant to Denizens to tranfport Wooil beyond Sea.

EXP.	T TEM come en une parlement nadgairs fait fur lordinance de leftaple en Engleterre eftoit ordineqe mar-

J chantz aliens duiflent mefner leines et les autres marchandifes de leftaple outre meer et qe nulle mar-chant denzein les duifle pafier Et puis par aflent du Roi et de fon confeil par aucunes certeines enchefons fuift grante paflage des dices marchandifes as denzeins et fur ce proclamation fait et maunde a les cuftumeres es diverfes portz de les foeffrir pafler tanqe a un certein temps paiant le cuftume et fubfide come aliens. Et porce qe les dites marchandes denzeins fe doutont deftre empefehez en temps avenir pur lour marchandifes qils ont iflint paflez par vertue de tiel graunt et proclamation porce qils eftoient faites hors du parlement le Roi voillant purvoier pur lour feurte en celle partie ad ratifie et conferme en cefte prefent parlement les paffages qils ont fait des leines et lour autres marchandifes as parties outre meer puis les graunt ct proclamation avantdites et les graunte autiel paflage defore faunz chalange ou empefehement de nully iflint totesfoitz qils paient les dites cuftume et fubfide tanqe al Seint Michel profehein avenir et de mefmes la fefte tanqe al beint Michel profehein fuant come ils ont paiez avant ces heures puis qe le dit fubfide eftoit grante.

CAP.

C. 22.	305

CAP. XXII.

How he fhall ufe another Man’s Hawk that taketh it up.

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordineeft enceft parlement qequeconqe perfone qe troeve faucon terfelet lanere ou lane-let auftoure ou autre faucoun qe foit perdu de lour Seignur qe maintenant il lappprte au vifeount du countee et qe le vifeonte face proclamation cn toutes les bones villes du countee qil ad un del faucoun en garde. Et fi le Seignur qi le perdi ou aucun des loens viegne pur lui chalanger Scproeve refonable-ment qe ce eft a fon Seignur paie pur fes-courtages &eitlefaucon. Et li nully viegne deins les quatre mois pur lui chalenger qudonqes.Je vifeonte eit le faucon fefant gree a cellui qi le prift ft) foitfimples liomnie & fil loit gentils homme deftat davoir faucoun que le vifeonte rebaille al lui le dit faucoun parnant de lui refonables courtages pur le temps qil lavoit en garde. Et ft null eit pris tie! faucoun & le concele du Seignur a qui il eftoit ou a fes fauco-ners ou qi qe lemporte du Seignur & de ce foit at-teint eit la prifon de deux anns et rend au Seignur 1c pris du faucoun iflint concele ou emporte ftl eit de quoi et ft noun eit pluis longe demoeure en pri-fon..

TEM it is accorded in this prefect Parliament,

__ That every Perfon which findeth aFaulcon, Ter-

celet, Laher, or Laneret, or other Hawk that is loft: of their Lord, that prefently he bring the fame td the Sheriff of the County, and that the Sheriff make Proclamation in all the good Towns in the County, that he hath fuch a Havvlc.in his Cuftody. (2) And if the Lord which loft the fame, or any of his People come to challenge it, and proveth reafonably thaf the fame is his Lord’s, let him pay for the Cofts, and have the Hawk. (3) And if none come within1 four Months to challenge it, that then the Sheriff have the Hawk, making gree to him that did take him, if he be a fimple Man; and if he be a Gentleman, and of Eftate to have the Hawk, that then the Sheriff redeliver to him the Hawk, taking of him reafonable Cofts for the Time he had him in his Cuftody. (4) And if any Man take fuch Hawk, and the fame conceal from the Lord whofe it was, or from his Fablconers; or whofoever taketh him from the Lord, and thereof be attainted, fhall have Im-prifonment of two Years, and yield to the Lord the1 Price of the Hawk fo concealed and carried away,1 Enforcedty if he have whereof, and if not, he fhall the longer 37 Ed. 3. c. 19.

which mates the

abide in Prifon.	Offence	Felony.

An Ordinance of Herrings made Anno 35 Edyv. III. and Anno Dom.

.	136°*

All Perfons may buy Herring in the Fair at Yarmouth openly, and not privily. No Man fhall enter into a Bargain of Herring until the firft Chapman have done with it.

Cotton MS. Nero, C. i.

EDWARD par la grace de Dieu Roi dEngle-terre Seignur dlrlande iz dAquitaigne a touz, ceux as-queux ceftes lettres vendront faluz. Content qe nadgairs a procurement dafeuns fefantz entendre a nous & noftre confeil qe par caufe qe les hoftes de noftre ville de Grande Jernemuth qi herbergent les pefehours venantz illocqs od lour ha-rang en temps de feire lie voleient foeffrir les ditz pefeheours vendre lour harang ne meller de la vente dicelle eins le vendent a lour volente dem'efne ft ehier come-ils voleient & donerent as pefeheours ce qe lour pluft ft qe les pefeheours fe retreherent de venir illoeqes & le hararig feuft mys a plus grant chiertee qe devant ne feuft entre autres chofes ordine eftoit par nous & noftre confeil qe les ditz pefeheours de harang ferroient francs ae vendre lour harang as toutes gentz qe vorroient venir a la dite faire de Grand Jernemuth fanz nulle defturbnnce de iour hoftes ou autres queconqes & quant les ditz pefeheours voudroint vendre en port lour marchan-difes averoient lour hoftes ovefqe eux fils y vou-droient eftre & en lour prefence & en prefence dautres marchantz en apert vendroient lour mar-chandifes a qi qe lour pluft & ft autres marchandz prefentz voudroient avoir part des dltes niarchan-difes chefcun averoit ent fa part pur le pris folonc V oi. I,

/ '	I	’

“	H O U G H that late at the Procurement of A Rehearfal of

“	1	fome doing us and our Council to underftand, <he Stature of

“	that liecaufe that the Hofts of our Town	2’^andof*'

M Great Yarmouth, which lodge the Fifilers coming thcinc'onveni-“ there with their Herring, in the Time of the Fair, ences thereof.

“ will not fuff'e'r the Paid Fiihers to fell their Herrings, cc nor to meddle with the Sale of the fame, but fell “ them at their own Wiil as dear as they will, and “ give the Fiihers that pleafeth them, fo that the Filh-1“ ers do withdraw tbemfelves to come there, and the_

“ Herring was fet at a greater Dearth than it was be-“ fore ;. (j) .amongft other Things it was ordained by <c us and our Council, that the faid Fifhers of Her-“ ring fiiould be free to fell their Herring to all People “ that will come to the faid Fair of Yarmouth, without “ any Difturbance of their Hofts or' any other. (3)_

“ And when the faid Fifhers would fell their Mer-chandifes in the Port, they fhould have their Hofts “ with them, if they would be there, and in their te Prefence, and in the Prefence of other Merchants '

“ openly fhould fell their Merchandifes to whom they “ pleafed ; (4) and if other Merchants prefent would “ have Part of the faid Merchandifes, every of them fhould R r	“	have

$o6

» Price,

Anno tricdimo quinto Edwardi



* Ad \ who.

•f Not in Oi ig.

J Tides,

j| Tides. -	“

All Perfons may cc buy Herring in c the Fair*time at 4 Great Yar- c mouth, openly, and not privily. c c

No Man fhall t enter into a Bar- c gain of Herring c until the firft Chapman hath done with it. c

AFifhcrmay fell his Herring at any Time when he cometh with i*.

If Tide.

“ have for his Part upon the * taking, after the Rate “ of the fame Merchandifes fo fold; (?) and the faid “ Sale fhall be made from the Sun-riftng till the Sun 44 goingdown, and not before nor after; (6) and that “ no Hoftelers, nor other, buy Herring to hang in his 44 Houfe by Covin, nor in other Manner, at an higher 44 Price the Laft than forty Shillings : (y) Neverthelefs, 44 becaufe it is {hewed to us and to our Council by 44 Petition in this prefent Parliament, that the Sale’ of 44 Herring is much decayed, and the People greatly “ endamaged by the Points aforefaid, that is to fay, “ that many Merchants coming to the Fair, as well 44 Labourers and Servants, as other, do bargain for 44 Herring, and every of them by Malice and Envy 44 increafe upon other, and if one proffer forty Shil-44 ling, another will proffer ten Shillings more, and 44 the third fixty Shillings, and fo every one furmount-44 eth otlier in the Bargain, and fuch Proffers extend 44 to more than the Price of the Herring upon which 44 the Fiihers profered it to fell at the Beginning: (8) 44 And when every Man * claimeth his Part of the 44 Herring for the Price accorded, -be f fhall have his 44 Part, and the Herring fhall be fo divided amongft 41 them, that theFifher is fo much grieved and delayed 44 in the gathering of his Money, that he fhould de-44 mand of fo many Perfons, that he leefeth his jMart 44 and the Advantage of his Fifhing; (9) and alfo “ herein, that no frefh Herring is put to Sale but from “ the Sun-rifmg till the Sun going down, and not be-44 fore nor after, which is to the great Lofs of Fiihers, 44 and appairing of the Herring, and Damage of the 44 People that fhall buy the fame; for the Fifhing is 44 more by Night than by Day, and often it chanceth, 4‘ that the Fiihers be fo long and fo charged, that they 44 come to the Town after Sun going down, or little 44 before, fo that they cannot fell their Herring in the 44 Time for the Sale limited, fo that they muff abide all the Night and the Day after upon the Sale of 44 their Herring, and lofe many |j Marts and Profits of their Fifhing:” 4 (10) We perceiving the Mifchiefs and Grievances aforefaid, by the Advice and Afi'ent of our Parliament, will and grant, that it {hall be lawful to every Man, of what Condition that he be, Merchant or other, to buy Herring openly, and not privily, at fuch Price as may be agreed betwixt him and the Seller of the fame Herring; (11) and that no Man enter in Bargain upon the buying of the fame, till he that firft cometh to bargain fhall have an Fnd of his Bargain "agreeable to the Seller, and that none increafe upon other' during the firft Bargain, upon Pain of Forfeiture to us the double of his Proffer, but every Man fhall have the Herring fo bought according to the Bargain thereof made. (12) And that every Fifher may deliver and fell his Herring and Fifh at every Mart, when he cometh to the faid Town of Great Yarmouthwithout any Difturbance Impeachment, notwithflanding any Ordinance

or

Per ipfum Regem Sc Concilium in parliament.

made to the contrary before this Time. JnWitnefs whereof we have caufed thefe our Letters Patents to be made. Given at Wejlminjler the twentieth Day of February, in the five and thirtieth Year of our Reign of England

&e. feeziEJ.^. e,i. 11//. 7. r. 23.	5 FJ. c. ?. fee. 6 & 7.	13	FI. c. I r. fee. 5.	15 Car. r. c. 16.	5	W,	£?	M. c. j.fer. to. 9 Sr 10 !K 3. c. 44. fir,

16, 17, £f I?.	5 ylnn. c. 8. art, 8.	3	Geo. 1, f. 18. 8 Cm. I. c. 4 & 16.	3	Go,	2. c, 20. fa, la. 26 Cct>. 2. r. 3 S’9.	28	Geo.	2. c, 14.	29	Geo.	2. c. 23,

and 30 Get,. 2. c, 30,

For farther Rc- i gulatlom concern• ^ ing Herrings,

Cotton MS, lafferant de mefmes les marchandifes iffint vendues & ferroit la dite vente.faite de folail levant tanqe a folail refcours & nemie devant napres & qe nul hofte nautre nachatereit harang pur pendre en me-fon par covine nen autre manere plus haut le laft de qarant foldz et nientmeinz pur ceo qe monftre eft a nous Sc a noftre confeil par petition en ceft prefent parlement qe'la vente de harang eft mout encherri & le poeple grantement endamage per les pointz fufditz ceft affavoir qe plufurs marchantz venantz a la feire fibien laborers Sc fervantz come autres bargainent le harang Sc chefcun de eux par malice Sc par envie encreft fur autre Sc fi un profre qarant foldz un autre profre dys foldz plus Sc le tiertz feifant foldz Sc iffint chefcun furmount autre en le bargaine tiels profres fe extendent a plus qe le pris del harang pur quel le pefeheour lentendift a vendre a comencement Sc quaunt chefcun qe cla-mera part del harang pur le pris acorde avera fa part Sc le harang ferra iffint departi entre eux le pefeheour eft tanie greve Sc tarie pur la coillet de fon argent quel il demanderoit des tantes perfones qil perde fes marrez Sc lavantage de fa pefeherie Sc auffint en ceo qe nul harang frefch ne foit mis a vent fors de folail levant tanqe a folail refcours Sc noun pas devant napres ceo eft a grante perte des pefeheurs & apeirement del harang Sc damage du poeple qe lachata qar le pefeherie eft plus parnuyt qe par jour Sc fovent avient qe les pefeheours font fi loins Sc fi chargez qil viegnent a la ville apres le folail refcours ou poi devant iffint qils ne purront lour harang vendre au temps fur ceo limite fi qe il lour couviendra demorer tout la nuyt Sc le jour apres fur la vente de lour harang Sc perderont plu-feurs marrez Sc le profit de lour pefeherie nous at-tendantz les grevances Sc mefehiefs avantditz par avis Sc affent de noftre dit parlement volons Sc grantons qe bien life a chefcun homme de quel condition qil foit marchant ou autre dachatre harang en apert et non pas privement a tiel pris come purra eftre acorde entre lui & le vendour de mefme le harang & qe nul entre en bargain fur lachate de harang tant come celui qe vient primer pur bargainer avera fini fon bargain grcable a vendour Sc qe null! profre encrees fur autre durant le primer bargain fur peine de forfaire devers nous le double de fon profre mes eit chefcun le harang iffint achate folom fon bargain ent faite. Et qe chefcun pefeheour peuffe vendre & deliverer fon harang & peffon a chefcun marre quant il viendra a la dite ville de Grande Jernemuth fanz afeun deftourbance ou empefehement nient contrefteant nulle orde-nance avant ces houres faite au contraire. £n tef-moign.ince de quelle chofe nous avons fait faire ceftes noz lettres patentes. Don’ a Weftm’ le vin-tifme jour de Feverer lan de noftre regne trente quint.

Statutes

Stat. 1.	307

Statutes made at Weftminfler, Anno 36 Edw. III. and Anno Dom.

1362.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 8.

AL honour & pleifance <le Dieu & amende-ment dcs outraites grevances h oppreffions faitz au poeple et cn rclevemcnt de lour eftat le Roi Edwardi a fon parlement tenuz a Weftmonftier a la quinzime Seint Michel lan de fon regne trente fifme a la requefte de fa commune par lour petitions bailleez a lui en le dit parlement par affent dcs Prelatz Dues Countes Barons et autres grantz au dit parlement affemblez ad graunte pur lui et fes heirs a touz jours les articles fouze-feriptz.

44 F 8 O the Honour and Pleafure of God, and 44	I	Amendment of the outrageous Grievances

“ “*■ and Oppreflions done to the People, and in 44 Relief of their Eftate, (2) King Edward at his 44 Parliament holden at IVeJlm'tnfter in the Fifteenth of 44 St. Michael, the fix and thirtieth Year of his Reign, “ at the Requeft of his Commons by their Petition 44 delivered to him in the faid Parliament, by Affent 44 of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and other 44 Great Men in the faid Parliament affembled, hath 44 granted for him and his Heirs for ever the Articles 44 under-written.”

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of all former Statutes.

PRemerement qe la Grand Chartre et la Chartre de la Forefte et les autres eftatutz faitz en fon temps et en temps de fes progenitours foient.bien ct fermement tenuz et gardez es touz p

pointz.

4 TT7 Irft,' that the Great Charter and the Charter of 4 O the Foreft, and the other Statutes made in his 4 Time, and in the Time of his Progenitors, be well 4 and furcly holden and kept in all Points.5

CAP. II.

No Purveyance but for the King and Queen. The Name of Purveyor changed into Buyer. Ready Payment fhall be made of Things purveyed, and they IThall be appraifed.

ITEM pur la grevoufe pleinte qad efte faitc des purveours des vitailles del hoftel le Roi la Roigne et lour eifne filz et des autres Seignurs et Dames du Realme le Roi de fa propre volente fanz motion des grauntz ou communes ad grante et ordene en eafe de fon poeple qe defore nul homme du dit Realme eit prife fors foulement lui mefmes et la Roigne fa compaigne. Et outre del affent avantdit eft ordeigne et eftabli qe fur tieux purveanccs defore affaire pur les hoffelx le Roi et la Roigne foit preft paiement fait en poigne ceftaffa-voir le pris pur quel autiels vitailles font venduz communement en marchees environ et qe le heignous noun de Purveour foit chaunge et nome Achatour. Et fi le chatour ne purra bonement acorder ove levendour de ce qe il en bufoignera adonqes les prifes qe fe ferront pur les ditz deux hoffelx foient faites par veue et tef-moignance et appretiation des Seignurs ou lour baillifs coneftables et quatre prodes hommes de chcfcune ville etce par endenture affaire entre les achatours et les ditz Seignurs ou baillifs coneftables et quatre hommes contenante la quantite de la prife et le pris et des queux perfones. Et qe les prifes foient faites en covenable et eafe manere fanz durefee reddour manaces ou autre vilenie et qe les prifes et achatz foient faitz es lieux et places ou greindre plente y ad et- ce en temps covenable et qe plus ne foit pris qe ne bufoigne en la fefone pur les ditz deux hofteulx et qe le noumbre des achatours foit amenufe en taunt come homme purra bonement et qe tieux foient achatours qe foient fufficiantz de refpondre au Roi et au poeple et qe nul de eux eit depute et qeles commiffions foient enfealees du grant fcal et chefcun demy an reftitutz en la Chancelierie et autres de novel faites et qe en les dites commiffions foit comprife toute la matere et. manere de lour prife et achatz et qe mefmes les commiffions foient faites fur la fin du dit parlement et adonqes toutes les autres commiffions des purveours devant faites de tout repellez et qe nul homme foit tenuz de obeir as achatours des autres Seignurs centre lour gree et volente ne a les achatours des ditz deux hofteulx fils' ne facent preft paiement en poigne come devant eft dit ne qc nul homme foit mis en contempt parcaufe de defobeiflance faite eh celle partie. Et qe les prifes des toute manere des bledz et brefe pur les ditz deux hofteulx foieiit mefurez par mefure acord-ante a leftandard raf e tt nient coumblc et qe pur les cariages des ditz bledz et brefe et pur toute's autres ma-neres des prifes et achatz affaire pur les ditz deux hofteulx foit preft: paiement fait en poigne en mcfme la manere come pur les prifes et achatz fufditz et qe plus de cariagc ne foit pris qe ne bufoigne et foit neceffaire en ■	R	r 2	celle

No Purveyance fhall be made but for the King and the Queen. 34 Ed. 5. c.2. The heinous Name of Purveyors fhall be changed into that of Buyers* By whom and in what Manner Appraifement fhall be made of Things purveyed for the King's Houfe.

No Purveyance fhall be by Menace.

No Purveyance but where there is Plenty.

The Purveyors fhall be Men fuf-ficient of Eftate. Commifiions of Purveyors fhall be renewed every half Year.

None fhall need to obey Purveyors without ready Payment. Corn purveyed fhall be ftriked and not heaped in mea furing. Prefent Payment fhall be made for Carriage*

'i 0

Anno tricelimo fexto Edwardi III

A. D. 1362..

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond.

Felony to take ce])e partie., Et ft iiul achatour apres ks rrovelles commiffions faites face afcunes prifes ou achatz ou parnouf

othetwile than	.	■■	■	■	\	■	r	,	.	'

is cumprifed in de cariage en autre manere qe nett compris en lour dites commiffions eit punmement de vie et de membre i^Ed^foir 3' GOlnc en autres eftatutz eft ordene des purveours. •

c. z. 4 Ed, 3. c. 3,	5	Ed.	3. c. z, jo Ed. 3. flat. 2, c. 1.	25 Ed. 3. flat. 5. c. i, 6—15.	23	H.	6,	c.	I, 2. Olf. by 12 Car. 2, c. 24..	-

C A P. III..	....	’	,	.

The Penalty of a Purveyor which fhall receive a Reward to fpare or charge one..

ITEM qe nul 'achatour dcs vitailles ne parnour des cariages'preigne tie receive de nullui don nautre bien--fait pur defp'ort faire ne charge ne ne greve nul homme par caufe des tieux prifes achatz et cariages pur haour edvic male volente ou procurement ct fil face et de ce foit atteint a fuyte de partie rende a la partie fes damages au treble et eit la prifbne de deux anns et foit reint a la volente le Roi et puis forsjuie la court. Et fi la partie ne vorra fuer eit cele qe le vorra fuer pur le Roi le tierz dener de ceo qe ferra recovere pur fon travail et nientmeinS eitlachatour et parnour la penance come avant efbdit en mefme cefte article. ' Et qe chcfcun achatour fur fon acompt declare et diftingue feveralement touz les prifes et achatz de chefcun.' countee ville villcs & perfone.

C A. P. IV.. J Commiffions fhall be awarded to inquire of Purveyors Behaviour.

on. ly	"fTEM	pur	reftreindre-	la	malice	des	achatour

32 C-tr, 2, c, 2A, 1 finns fitites as Hpiiv hnnes vent?. Sr. lninlv dr* <

Purveyors for great H or fes.

s des vitailles & parnours dcs carriages foient commif-' i fions faites as deux bones gentz & loialx de chefcun countee & le tierce foit del hoftel le Roi nome en mefmes les commiffions iffint qe fi aucun. de'trois ne veigne qe les deux aillent avant denquere de port & faitz'.des ditz.qchatours & parnours & combien mefmes les achatours out pris. &. .achate combien de cariage les ditz parnours ont pris feveralement de chefcun ville villes 011 finguleres perfones & doicr & terminer les contemptz outrages & trefpas faitz en cclle partie fibien a la fuyte le Roi come a la fuyte de chefcun qi fe vorra de eux pleindre. • Et pur information faire as ditz Juftices des chofes fufdites le alTemblent le Scnefchal Treforcr Countreroullour dc chefcun des ditz deux hofteulx & appellent devant eux touz les clcrcs & autres officers queconqes du chefcun office de mefmes les deux hofteulx & veient les refeeites des parcels purveuz cn paiis & defpenduz en les ditz hofteulx. Et a chefcun quarter ou demy an certilient en la Chancellerie les parcelles prifes en chefcune ville & de chefcune perfone & le Chanceller face mander celle certification a-les Juftices qe ferront iffint affignez. et frl foit trove en paiis-par evidence de 1'our. endentures ou eh autre manere qils ont pris plus qils.nount livere en les ditz deux hofteulx & qils nount paie puree qils ount pris' a fuite de partie ou a fuite le Roi eit la penance de vie &. de meriibre come devant eft dit. Etqe cefte ordenance fe eftende & tiegne lieu fibien devers les purveours pur les graiintz chivaulx des ditz deux hofteulx come deversles achatours & parnours avantnomez.

CAP. V.

None fnall keep any more Horfes for the.King. than be affigned unto him.

I	T E M qe nul homme des ditz deux hofteulx tiegne plus des chivaulx en fa livere ou les hofteulx ferront qe neft ordeigne par eftatut del hoftel le Roi et fi nul face autrement foit des chivaulx trovez outre le noura-bre a lui attitle par le dit eftatut fait come le ftatut voet. Et qe nul homme des ditz deux hofteulx de que-conqe eftat ou condition qil foit eit purveour ou forgoer de faire nulle purveance ne prife pur nul homme des ditz deux hofteulx mes qe eux ou lour gentz achatent ce qe lour bufoigne de eux qe le voillent de lour boil gree vendre & paient preftement en main felonc ce qils purront acorder ove le vendour & fils facent en autre manere foit fait de eux tiel puniflement come defus eft dit des achatours. Et qe veneours fauconers ferjantes Hunters, Faulk- darmes & touz autres qe font as gages ou apportenantz as ditz deux hofteulx eient mefme la penance fils vei-ners, and Ser- gnent a lencountre. jeants at Arms.

-	CAP.	VI.

34Ed. 3. e. 39,

The King’s

No SubjefPs Chator fhall buy any Thing againft the Owner’s Confent.'

It is Felony for an j Swbjeft’s Chator to buy any Thing but bv.the Confent of the Owner. Enforcid by y K, 2, c. 8. 23

ITEM qe nul Seignur dEngletcrre ne nul autre du dit Roialme de quel eftat ou condition qil foit forpris 1c Roi & la Roine face prife par lui ne nul de fes gentz en acun manere de nul manere des vitailles mes achatent ce qe lour bufoigne de ces qc le voillent vendre de lour bon gree & pur ce paient preftement en poigne felonc ce qils purront acorder ove le vendour. Et fi les gentz des Seignurs ou des autres facent en autre manere & de ce foient atteintz foit fait de eux tiel puniflement de vie &'de membre come ordeigne eft des achatours.

H. 6. c. 14. * Oif. ly 12 Car. 2. r. 24.

* Read c, 13.

C A P,

A. D. 1362. Anno tricefimo fexto Edwardi IH;

Stat. r. 309

CAP. VII.

Of what Things the Mayor and Conftable of the Staple fhall take Cognifance.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

IT E M coment qe ordeigne foit par leftatut dc leftaple qe les meirs & coneftables dc Ies cftaplcs eient jurif-didtion & coniffance deins les villes ou les eftaples font des gentz & de toute manere des chofes touchantz leftaple &des felonies mahemes & trefpas faitz deiris leftaple acorde eft Sc aflentu qe les ditz meirs & coneftables averont coniflance tantfoulemcnt des dettes covenantes & contradfes & toutes autres plees touchantz mar-chandie & feurete de marchandie entre marchant & marchant qc font pur marchantz conuz & proces de felonies & des touz autres plees fibien deinz leftaple come dehors foient a la commune lcye come feurent devant la fefance de leftatut de leftaple nient contrefteant mefme leftatute fauve toutesfoitz qe les marchantz aliens foient ils pleintifs ou defendantz puiflent fuer lour pleintz & quereles fibien de trefpas come autres les quels qils voillent devant le meir de leftaple par la ley de leftaple ou aillours a la commune ley. come eft contenu en le dit eftalut de la ftnple et qe le Roi 5t touz autres Seignurs deinz lour Seignuries eient & enjoient lour fraunchifes jurifdidlions & privileges come ils avoient avant mefme leftaiut fait iffint toutesfoitz qe le meir de leftaple eit poair de prendre reconiffance des dettes de.queconqes perfones foit il marchant foit il autre en mefme la manere come eft contenuz en mefme leftatut de .leftaple.

CAP. VIII.

A Penalty impofed by the Bilhop upon Priefts taking more Wages than is afligned. What

Wages a Parifh Prieft mav take.

o k

27 Ea^. c. 8.

flat, 2f«-

Merchants Aliens may pro-fecute their Suits beforethe Mayor of the Staple, or at the Common Law.

*7 Ed. 3. flat. 2. c. 9.

See23 H. S. c.6, for the Power of tie Mayer of the' Staple.

ITEM le Roi a la priere de la communal te monftrantz a lui par lour petition coment chapelleins font fe- /tttmilji H. 5.

venuz trbp chiers puis la peftilence a grande grevance & oppreffion du poeple ad parle a Lercevefqe de

Canterbirs & Evefqes efteamtz en parlement demettre fur ce remedie covenable queux Ercevefqe & Evefqes jac.h. c.2Si.

al movement de Roi & des grantz. difoient en mefme le parlement qils ont fur ce ordeigne en certein ceft-

aflavoir qe peine des chapelleins parochiels par queconqe colour receivantz outre fis marcs & autres chaun-

tantz anuales & a cure des alines nient entendantz parnantz outre cink marez fanz difpenfation Devefqe eft

fufpenfion doffice fils deinz le mois de ce qe plus receiverent ne facent reftitution al overaigne del efglife en

qucle ils chaunter'ent & peine des gentz de feinte efglife donantz outre fis marez ou cynk as chapelleins

parochiels ou autres chauntantz annals come devant eft dit eft paicr le double de ce qe excellivement ils paic-

rent a tourner en oeps dalmoigne al arbitrement del diocefan de lieu et qe chapelleins queconqes a lour propre

fervice entendantz come chauntantz anuals fervent as paroches & foient entendantz a cure -des almes come

par les ordinairs de lieu ou par ces as queux ils attient ferront requis fur peine de fufpenfion doftice quel ils

encurrcront fur le fait fils dedeinz les vintz jours apres qils ferront iffint requis ne foient obciffantz au tiel

requefte. Etqe nul chapellein paflant dune diocefe a autre foit recieu illoeqes de chaunter divine fervice fil

ne monftre al diocefan de lieu lettres commendantes del Evefqe en qi diocefe prochein devant il deinura par

quoi le Roi del afient des grantz & communes ad ordeigne qe ft nul homme feculer du Realme paie plus qe

cynk marez a nul chapellein anual en deners ou en autre chofe a la valeu ou fil paie au tiel chapellein rete-

nuz a demorer a fa table outre deux marez pur fa robe & fes autres neceflaires fa table acompte aquarante

fouldz & de ce foit atteint paie au Roi pleinement a tant come il paia au die chapellein.

'

CAP. IX.

Whofoever is grieved again!! thefe Statutes, &c. fhall have Relief in Chancery.

IT EM ft nul homme fe fente greve au contreire de nul des articles deflus efcriptz ou autres contenuz en diverfes eftatutz Sc viegne en la Ciiancel-lcrieou aucun pur lui & de ce face fa pleinte eit meintenant illoeqes remedie par force des ditz articles & eftatutz fanz aillours purfuer pur remedie avoir.

£ TTEM, If any Man that feeleth himfelf grieved^

*	JL contrary to any of the Articles above written, or ‘ others contained in divers Statutes, will come into

*	the Chancery, or any. for him, and thereof make his -c Complaint, he fhall prefently there have Remedy by

‘ Force of the faid Articles and Statutes, without clfe-‘ where purfuing to have Remedy,’	211111.553.

C A P. X.

A Parliament fhall be holden once in the Year.

ITEM pur meintenance des ditz articles & eftatutz & redrefler diverfes mefehiefs & gre-vances qe viegnent de jour en autre foit parlement tenuz cnefcun an ficome autrefoitz eftoit ordeigne par eftatut.

f TEM, For Maintenance of the faid Articles and f Statutes, and Redrefs of divers Mifchiefs and . Grievances which daily happen, a Parliament fhall • be holden every Year, as another Time was ordained 4?• by Statute.’	FEd-	3-.c-	H

Car. 2. c. x. and 6 IF* & M, c,z% which dhetf triennial Parliaments $ and farther by i Ceet i, r, 38,

Altered by 1 6 which direfls fet tenmat Parliaments,

C A

310 Stat. i.

Anno trieefimo fexto Edwardi III. A. D. 1362.

CAP. XI.

The three Years Subfidy formerly granted fhall be no Example for the future.

may tranfport Woolls.

All Merchants

Ex Rat. in Turn. Lond.

EXP.	T'fEM	le	Roi	del aflent avantditeant regarde al grant fubfide qe les communes lui ont grantezore en cell

JL parlement des leines quirs 5c peaulx lanuz a prendre pur trois anns voet 5c grante qapres le dit terrne paffe rien ne foit pris ne demande des ditz communes fors foulement launciene cuftume de demy marc ne qe ceft grante ore faite ou qad efte faite devant ces heures ne foit tret en enfample ne charge du dite commune en temps avenir. Et qe les marchantz deinzeins puiffent paffer ove lour leines fi avant come les foreins fanz eftre reftreintz 5c qe nul fubfide nautre charge foit mis ne grante fur les leines par les marchantz *7Id. 3. fut. i. nc par nu] autre defore enavantfanz aflent du parlement.

CAP. XII.

At what Times the four Seffions of Juftices of Peace fhall be holden.

Enforced ly

ITEM qeen les commilfions des Juftices de la pees 5c des laborers foit faite expreffe mention qe les Juftices facent lour feflions quaterfoitz par an ceftafiavoir une feffion deinz les oetaves de la

mefmes

__	,	_	la	Tipha-

iR. - c 10. n'e 'a fecun^e deinz la fecunde fimaigne de demy Qarefme le tierce entre les feftes de Pentecofte 5c de Seint %	1.	Johan	Baptiftre le quart deinz les oet jours de Seint Michel.

c. 4.

C A P. XIII.

An Efcheator fhall have no Fee, nor commit Wafte in Wards Lands. Lands feifed upon an Inqueft taken before an Efcheator, fhall be letten to Ferm.

9 H. 3. flat. 1. q. 4.	28	Ed.	I.

flat. 3. r. t8.

14Ed. 3. flat. I. c. .3.

Regift. 72.

4 Co. 57.

Cio. El. 523. Cbf. as to Ward-Jbzp by 12 Car, 2. c. 24.

13 Ed.4. c. 8. 4. Co. 59.

J.and feifed into the King’s Hands hy an Efcheator ftiall be let to Ferm to him v.-hich tcndcretb a Tra-verfe to the Office.

34Ed. 3. c. 14. S H 6. c. 16. 23 //, 6. c. 16.

ITEM, For grievous Complaint that the King hath heard by his People of his Efcheators, and of their evil Behaviour;” ‘ he will and hath ordained of the Aflent aforefaid, That Lands feifed into his Hands hccaufe of Ward, fhall be fafely kept without Wafte or Deftruftion;	(2) and that the

Efcheator have no Fee of Wood, Fifh, nor of Ve-nifon, nor other Thing, but fhall anfwer to the King of the Iflues and Profits yearly coming of the faid Lands, without doing Wafte or Deftru&ion; (;) and if he do otherwife, and thereof he attainted, he fhall be ranfomed tit the King’s Will, and yield to the Heir the treble Damages at his own Suit, as well within Age, as of full Age; (4) and his Friends, as long as he is within Age, fhall have the Suit for him, anfvvering to the faid Heir of that which fhall he fo recovered. (5) Alfo of other Lands feifed into the King’s Hands by Inqueft of Office taken before the Efcheators, this Ordinance and Penance fhall hold Place againft the Efcheators. (6) And if there he any Man that will make Claim or Challenge to the Lands fo feifed, that the Efcheator fend the Inqueft into the Chancery within the Month after the Lands fo feifed, and that a Writ be delivered to him to certify the Caufe of his Seifin into the Chancery, and there he fhall be heard without Delay to traverfe the Office, or otherwife to fliewhis Right, and from thence font before the King to'make a final Dif-cuffion, without attending other Commandments. (7) And in cafe that any come before the Chancel-lor, and fhewhis Right, by which fhewing by good Evidences of his antient Right and good Title, the Chancellor by his good Diforetion and Advice of Counfcl (if it feem expedient to him to have Coun-felj fhall let and demife the Lands fo in Debate to the Tenant, yielding thereof to the King the Value, if it pertain to the King, in the Manner as he and the other Chancellors before him have done in Times paft of their good Diforetion, fo that he find Surety

ITEM pur la grevoufe pleinte qe le Roi ad ore de fon poeple de fes efehetours 5c de lour mal port il voet 5c adordeigne del aflent avantditqe ter-res feifiez en fa mein pur caufe de garde foient fau-vement gardez fanz waft ou deftrudlion et qe lef-chetour eit nul fee de bois venifon ne peffon nautre rien mes refpoigne au Roi des iflues 5c profitz an-nuels provenantz des ditz terres fanz waft ou de-ftru&ion faire et fil face autrement 5c de ce foit atteint foit reint a la volente le Roi 5c rende al heir les damages au treble a fa propre fute fibien deins age come de pleine age 5c eient les amys tantcome il eft deinz age la fute pur lui refpoignantz au dit heir de ce qe ferra iffint recovery. Auxint des autres terres feifiez en la mein le Roi par enquefte-doffice prife devant les efehetours tiegne mefme cefte ordeignance 5c penance devers les efehetours. Et fil eit nul homme qe mette chalenge ou claym as terres iffint feifiez qe lefehetour mande lenquefte en la Chancellerie deinz le mois apres les terres iffint feifies et qe brief lui foit livere de certifier la caufe de fa feifine en Chancellerie & ilioeqes foit oie fanz delay de traverfer loffice ou autrement monftrer fon droit etdilloeqes mande devant le Roi affaire finale difeuffion fanz attendre autre mandement. Et en cas qe afeun veigne devant le Chanccller et mon-ftre fon droit pur quele demonftrance par bones evidences de fon suncien droit et bon title qe le Chanceller par fa hone diforetion et avis de confeil fi lui fernble qil bufoigne avoir confeil qil leffe et bailie les terres iffint en dehat au tenant rendant ent au Roi la value fi au Roi appartient en mancre come il et les autres Chancellors devant lui ont fait devant ccs heures de lour bone diforetion iffint qil face

ieurete

A. D. 1362. Anno trice/imo fexto Edvvardi III.

Stat.

1.

30.

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond. feurete qil ne fra waft ne deftru&ion tanqe il foit ajugge. Et qe les ditz efchetours preignent tieles enqueftes en les bones villes et par bones gentz et ce otertement et par endentures affaires entre les ditz efr.hetours et ces de les enqucftes come autre-foitz fuift ordcigne par eftatut. Et fi nul efchetour face au contraire de cefte ordeignance fufdite eit la prifone de deux anns et outre loit reint a la volente le Roi.

that he {hall do no Wafte nor Deftruction, till it be judged. (8j And that the faid Efcheators take fuch By what Sort Inquefts in the good Towns and of good People, of l’cople, in and that openly and by Indentures to be made be- ”njCjh tween the faid Efcheators and them of the Inquefts, Manned rmEC-as another Time was ordained by a Statute. (9) And chcntor’(hall if any Efcheator do to the contrary of this faid Or- ukehisjnquefts. dinance, he fhall have two Years Imprifonment, and *	81	c‘	*•

moreover he fliall be ranlomed at the King’s Will.’

CAP. XIV.

The Fines and Amerciaments of Labourers, Artificers, and Servants, fhall be to the Ufe of the Commons and diitributed among them, during three Years.

ITEM pur ce qe lentention des Seignurs Sc de la communalte eft declare en ceft prefent parlement qe les EXP, communaltees de chefcunes villes de Roialme eient les fins Sc amerciamentz Sc touz autres profitz de queconqes artificers fervantz Sc autres laborers Sc feuffent paiez as coillours de la quinzifme triennale autre-foitz grantez au Roi pur le temps de trois anns en avantage de la communalte en defcharge de la quinzifme li eft ordeigne en ceft parlement qe touz les deniers des fins & amerciementz Sc autres profitz fibien ces qe font levez come ceux qe font a lever dues de les ditz trois anns foient levez al oeps de la communalte Sc aiftributz entre eux nient contrefteantz les paroles en lautre eftatute qe font contrariantz a cefte declaration & ordeignance Sc qe les coillours des ditz deniers ne foient mye tenuz de rcndre de ce acompt a Lefchequer mes qe les Juftices de la pees en chefcun countee eient poair doierlour acompt Sc les compeller de faire pleine diftribution.

CAP. XV.

Pleas fhall be pleaded in the Englifh Tongue, and inrolted in Latin.

ITEM purceqe monftre eft foventfoitz au Roi par Prelatz Dues Counts Barons et tout la communalte les grantz mefehiefs qe font advenuz as plufours du realme de ce qe les leyes cuftumes et eftatutz du dit realme nc font pas conuz commune-ment en mefme le realme par caufc qils font pledcz monftrez ct juggez en la lange Franceis qeft trop defconue cn le dit realme iftint qe les gentz qe pie-dent ou font empledcz cn les courtz le Roi ct les courtz dautres nont entendement ne coniffance de ce qeft dit pur eulx ne contre eulx par lour Scr-geantzTt autres pledours et qe refonablemcnt les dites leyes et cuftumes ferront le plus toft apris et conuz et mieultz entenduz en la lange ufee en le dit realme et par tant chefcun du dit realme fe pur-roit mieultz governer fanz faire oftenfe a la leye et le mieultz garder fauver et defendre fes heritages et pofleffions et en diverfes regions et paiis ou le Roi (es nobles et autres du dit realme ont efte eft boil governement et plein droit fait a chefcun par caufe qe lour leyes et cuftumes font apris et ufez en la lange du paiis le Roi defirant le bon governement et tranquillite de foil poeple et de oufter et efehure les maulx et mefehiefs qe font advenuz et purront avenir en cefte partie ad pur les caufcs fufdites ordeigne et eftabli del aflent avantdit qe toutes plees qe ferront a pleder cn fes courtz queconqes devant f.s Juftices queconqes ou en fes autres places ou de-rant fes autres miniftres queconqes ou en les courtz ct places des autres Seignurs qeconqes deinz le Realme foient pledez monftretz defenduz refpon-duz debatuz et juggez en la lange Engleife et qils foient entreez et enroullcz en Latin et qe les leyes ct cuftumes du dit Realme termes et procefles foi-

IT E M, Becaufe it is often fhewed to the King by the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and all the Commonalty, of the great Mifchiefs which have happened to divers of the Realm, becaufe the Laws, Cuftoms, and Statutes of this Realm be not commonly * bolden and kept in the fame Realm, for that they be pleaded, fhewed, and judged in the French Tongue, which is much unknown in the faid Reaim, fo that the People which do implead, or he impleaded, in the King’s Court, and in the Courts of other, have no Knowledge nor Underftanding of that which is faid for them or againft them by their Serjeants and other Pleaders; (2) and that reafonably the faid Laws and Cuftoms the rather fhall be perceived and known, and better underftood in the Tongue ufed in the faid Realm, and by fo much every Man of the faid Realm may the better govern himfelf without offending of the Law, and the better keep, fave,-and defend his Heritage and PoiTeffions: (3) And in divers Regions and Countries, where the King, the Nobles, and other of the faid Realm have been, good Governance and full Right is done to every rerfon, becaufe that therr Laws and Cuftoms he learned and ufed in the Tongue of the Country ‘ £4) The King, defiring the good Governance and 4 Tranquillity of his People, and to put out and ef-4 chew the Harms and Mifchiefs which do or may hap-‘ pen in this Behalf by the Occafions aforefaid, hath ‘ ordained and ftablifhed by the Aflent aforefaid, that 4 all Pleas which fhall be pleaded in any Courts what-‘ foever, before any of Ins Juftices whatsoever, or ire 4 his other Places, or before any of his other Minifters 4 whatsoever, or in the Courts and Places of any other 4 Lords whatsoever within the Realm, fhall be pleaded, 4 fhewed, defended, anfwered, debated, and judged iir 4 the Englijh Tongue, and that they he entered and in-4 relied in Latin ; (5) and that the Laws and Cuftoms 4 of the fame Realm, Terms, and Procefles, be hold-

4' cn

Reafonswhy th» Laws fliould be pleaded and known in ihe Engli/h Tongue. Enforced and extended by 4. Geo. z. c. z6r and 6 Geo. 2. c. 14.

* Kno%vnr

Pleas /Jiall be pleaded in the Englifh Tongue,, and not in the French 5 and they /hall he in-rolled *r Latinv

Anno triccTimo fexto Edwardi III.

312 Stat. 2.

A. D. 1362.

‘ en and kept as they be and have been before this ofd Terms and ‘ Time; (6) and that by the ancient Terms and Forms Forms (hall be c of the Declarations no Man be prejudiced, fo that obferved in ‘ the Matter of the Adlion be fully ihewed in the De-PJeading. c claration and in the Writ. (7) And it is accorded io°Co. 131.'	*	by the Aflent aforefaid, that this Ordinance and Sta-

Co. Lit. 304.	‘	tute of Pleading begin and hold Place at the Fifteenth

‘ of St. Hillary next coming.’

• Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ent tenuz et gardez come ils font 'etontefte avant ces heures et qe per les aunciens termes et formes de counter nul homme foit perdant illint qe la ina-tiere del adlion foit pleinement monftre en la de-monflrance et en le brief. Et eft acorde de laflent avantdit qe ceftes ordeignances et eftatutz de pleder comenceent et tiegnent lieu a) quinzeine Seint Hiller’ prochein avenir.

K X P.

De pardonatione facia commumtati Anglice 36 Edw. III. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1362.

“ D WARD by the Grace of God, &c. to all “ !H that, &c. Greeting. Know ye, that we have “	^	received the Petition delivered to us by the

“ Commons of our Realm in this Parliament, in the “ Form as followeth

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 5, 6. DWARD par la grace deDieu Roi dEngle-terre Seignur dlrlande et dAquitaigne As touz ceux qi ceftes lettres verront falutz. Sachiez nous avoir refeeu la petition bailie a nous par la commune de noftre Realme en celt prefei.it parlement en la forme qe fenfuyt:

A Lour trefdoute Seignur le Roi prie fa dite commune qe come ils lui avoient prie eftre defehargez J~\_ de touz maners des articles de eire forpris plees de terre de quo warranto trefons roberies 6c autres felonies quelconqes pur queux homme portera penance de vie & de membre quele petition femble a fon confeil eftre prejudiciele a iui 6c en defheritifon de fa corone ft ele fuiffe ft generalment grantee fa dite commune nient .voillantz ne defirrantz a demander chofes de lui qe cherront cn deferefle de lui ou de fa corone perpetuelment come des efehetes de terre ou de tenement pur quelconqe caufe gardes mariages fees 6c advoefons ferjantics rentes fervices Seignuries terres amortiez fanz licence ne fins pur trefpas de ptir-chace des terres tenuz de lui come de fa corone Sc alienez fanz congie ne des fins offertz en certein Sc nient refufez deyant quelconqes fes Juftices pur purpreftures faitz fur lui auxibien en terres come en eawes fraun-chifes acrochicz trefor trove dettes et acomptes a lui dues puis la pardon faite a fa dite commune par eftatutz nadgairs faitz ne autres articles quels qils foient qe chiefent en defheritifon de lui ou de fa corone perpetuelment Mes des trefpaffes mefprifions negligences ou ignorances ou autres chofes quelconqes qe font faitz efchuz ou advenuz avant ccft prefent parlement Sc des ceux articles de Eir dont le punifl'ement chcrreit en fin ou en ranceon ou autres peines pecunieres emprifonementz amerciementz des communes ou des villes ou des finguleres perfor.es quelconqes fibien miniftres le Roi come autres a la fute le Roi efehaps des felons chateux des felons 6c futifs efehuiz puis la darreine pardon faite a fa commune dyceux & nient levez ne ajuggez ou en charge de franc tenement de ceux qi unqes ne trcfpafferent come heirs ou terre tenantz des coroners vifeontes efehetours fibien miniftres le Roi come autres 6c autres gentz quelconqes Sauvant au Roi les dettes 6c acomptes a lui dues a ore en prefent qe lui pleife de fa tres excellente Seignurie eant regard a les grantz charges travaux 6c mefehiefs qe fa poevre commune ad fuft'ert en fon temps 6c a la charge quele il les ad ore demande de ces chofes avant nomez faire pardon a fa dite commune generalment tanqe a cell: prefent parlement ifiint qe des toutes les chofes 6c articles avant nomez pur nuile ma-nere des chofes faites en temps pafi'e riens ne foit enquis ne nul homme del poeple miniftre le Roi au autre de quele condition qil foit de ceux foit mis a refpondre empefehez moleftez ne grevez par nul rnanere de colour imagination ou interpretation mes'toutes maneres des trefpaffes mefprifions negligences ou ignorances 6c autres chofes quelconqes avant nomez loient releffez de tout 6c pardonez Sauvant tout temps la fuyte des parties qe fe voudront pleindre Et qe gentz atteintz a la feute des parties eient empr.ifonement en cas ou il eft done par la ley nient contrefteantz Its pardons des fins 6c raunceons come defttis eft dit. Et come la commune ont autrefoits requis 6c unqore ils prient qe la Grande Chartre la Chartre de la Forefte 6c touz autres eftatutz einz ces heures faitz foient fermement gardez 6c tenuz en touz pointz des chofes- qe font a efehere ou qe avendront apres ces heures auxibien pur profit le Roi come pur quicte de fon poeple. Et qe touz ks articles del eir foient mandez as Juftices de-la pees en chefcun countee de les publier 6c notifer a la commune al entent qils puiffent avoir coniflance des ditz articles iffint qils fe pui lent mieltz porter 6c governer 6c. efehure les perils 6c puniflementz des ditz articles. Et adonqes a qtiele heure qil plerra a lour trefdoute Seignur qil face fes fefiions 6c enquerrez felonc ce qe femblera a lui 6c a fon bon confeil qe mieultz foit affaire pur profit de lui 6c de fon poeple. Et nc-ft pas lentention de fa dite commune par ycelle pardon qe le Roi ne face enquerrez des grevances 6c oppreffions faitz au poeple par les purveours ou parneouis des autres avant ces heures dont grant clamour ad cite fait en cell prefent parlement 6c qe pleife a fa trefgracious Seignurie dyceux pardons faire chartres contenantz les diles pardons as touz les countees dEngletcrre 6c as touz feveralcs perfones qe les voudront demander ou purfure fanz fin faire ou fee paier pur le feal cc qe la forme des tieuz chartres foit fait avant le departir des Seignurs de parlement 6c la dite forme a noftre Seignur le Roi 6c fon confeil 6c a les autres Seignurs monftrez. Nous confiderantz les grant/, charges qe noftre dite commune ad fuffert 6c les grantz bienfaitz qils nous ont fait plufures foitz de noftre grace efpeciale 6c del aflent des Prelatz Dues Contes Earons 6c communes efteantz en le dit parlement ci ns grantez a noftre dite commune dc tout temps paffe pleine pardon fdonc la forme de lour petition

fufditc

Stat. 2.	313

A.'D. 1362. Anno tricefimo fexto Edvvardi Ilf.

1 „ » ■	Ex	Rot.	in	Turr.	Lond.

Aifclite. Sauvez toutesfoitz a nous a noz heires noftre droit en temps avenir en manere come lav ions devant le djt grant.& pardon. Etvolons Scgrantonsqe par nous noz heirs lioz juftices lie autres noz miniftres quelcoirqes nul homrrtc foit empefchez mis a refpondre ne proces fait dc nul point contenue en noftre ditc pardon. En tefpioignance de quele chofe a ceftes noz lettres patentcs avons fait mettre noftre feal. Don’ a Weltin’ le xiii. jour dOdtobre lan de noftre regne trente fifine.

Dc ftaluio proclamando.

Iy EX vicecomiti Eflexie et Hertfordie falutem. Qjuedam ftatuta et ordinationes per nos de communi af-V fenfu preiatorum magnatuin et communitat’rs regni noftri in prefenti parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ pro communi militate totius regni predidti edita et provifa tibi mittimus in duabus patentibus magno figillo noftro fignatis mandantes quod ftatim vifis patentibus predjetis eas et omnia et fingula contenta in eifdem tarn in pieno comitatu utriufque comitatuum predictorum quam in civitatibus burgis villis mercatoriis feriis mer-catis et-aliis locia in eifdem,eomitatibus ubi expedite’ videris tarn infra libertates quam extra publice legi et proclamari et inviolabilfter obfervari et teneri facias et de eo quod inde feceris etde die reccptionis prefentium et per quern prefens mandatum tibi liberatum fuerit nos in cancellaria noftra citra odtabas Purificationis beate Marie proximo futur’ vel in eifdem odtabis ad ultimum reddas fub figillo tuo diftinfte et aperte ccrtiores remittens nobis hoc breve. T. R. apud Weftm’ xx. die Novembris.

Per ipfum Regem etConfilium.

Eodem modo mandatum ejl fmgulis vicecomitibus per Angliam Epifcopo Dunelmcnji Edvjardo Principi IVallie & Corniti Cejlrie Roberto de Herle Conjiabulario c'ajtri Dovor'r & Cujiadi Shtinque Portuum & Juflic’ Htbern.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 37 Edw. III. and Anno Dom.

i363*

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 5, 6.

LE Roi Edward a fon parletnent tenuz a Weftm’ Vendcrdypri lesj'qitavc? Seint Michel , lande Ton regne t.rent fe’ptifnie a'la requeft ties communes et del anent de Pfelatz Dues Coun-tes Barons et autres grantz illoeqes affcmblez ad or-deigne les chofes foutheferiptes en la forme qe fen-

/ , ' !■ . '

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of former Statutes.

.‘fb/’ ING Edward at his Parliament holden at “ I'C Wejhninjler the Friday in the Utas of Saint “	Michael, the feven and thirtieth Year of his

“ Reign, at the Requeft of the Commons, and by the “ Aflent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and cc other Great Men there aflembled, hath ordained the “ Things urider-written in the Form as followeth

PRimerement qe la Grande Chartre la Chartre de da Foreft ct les eftatutz et ordinances einz ces heures-fdites et nieement les eftatutz faitz an darrein parlement foient tenuz et gardez et duement exe-cutz folonc la forme et effebt dicclles.

c Y7IRST, That the Great Charter, and the Char-‘ Jd ter of the Foreft, and the Statutes and Ordinan-c ces made in Times paft, and fpecially the Statutes ‘ made at the laft Parliament, be holden and kept, and ‘ duly executed according to the Form and Effect of ‘ them/ •	•'

CAP. II.

An Idevrptitaie Nominis fhall be granted upon the wrongful Seifure of another’s Perfon,

Lands, or Goods.

ITEM pur les grandes mefehiefs qe ftwent font avenuz et venent de jour en autre de ceo qe les efehetours vifeonts et autres miniftres le Roi feifentles terres biensetchateux des plufours gentz furmettantz qils font utlagez la ou ils ne font ut-agez per caufe qils portont tielx nouns come ces ji font utlagez pur defaute dc bone declaration des iirnouns eft ordeigne qefi nul fe pleync en tieu cas :it brief de Idemptitate nomihis en manere come id efte ufee avantces hures et ft terres biens ou chu-:cux de nulluy foient feifiz en tieu cas par efehe-ours vifeont ou autre mi.niftre troeve feurte devant eminiftre qi ad grante de feifir de refpondre au Roi lelavalu des tieux terres biens ou cnateux en cas jil ne fe poet defeharger faunz rien prendre de la Vox.; I.

“ T TEM, For the great Mifchiefs which often have D “ JL' happened, and daily do come, becaufe that El- Fitz, ijempti.

“ cheators, Sheriffs, and other the King’s Minifters, t.ite nominis,

“ do feife the Lands, Goods, and Chattels of many, J, Z> V le furmifing that they be outlawed, where they be not “ outlawed, becaufe that they bear fuch Names as ‘4 thofe which be outlawed, for Default of good Decla-“ ration of the Surname ‘ (2) it is ordained. That H 6 c ‘ if any complain him in fuch Cafe, he fhall have a \\Tes ibumu 1 rit of Idemptitate mmir.is^ in the Manner as hath to Executors,

‘ been ufed in Times paft; (3) and if any Man’s Regift. 194, &c4 / Lands, Goods, or Chattels be feifed in fuch Cafe by Rail. 4^7.

‘ Efcheator, Sheriff, or other Minifter of the King’s,

‘ he fhall find Surety before the Minifter which hath ‘ the Warrant to i’eife, to anfwer to the Fling of the S f	‘	Value

314 C. 3—5. Anno tricefimo feptimo Edwardi III. A. D. 1363.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. partie et fi tiel miniftre ne le face et de ceo foit atteint eit la partie fa feute devers tiel miniftre et recovre fes damages au double et nient meins foit grevoufement puniz devers le Roi.

CAP. III.

The feveral Prices of a Hen, Capon, Pullet, and Goofe.

R pealed by _ "ITEM pur la grande chierte qeft en plufours lieux du Roialme de polaill eft ordeigne qe le pris dun jpuene Jac. 1 c. 2S• 2 chapon na pafie trois deniers et dun auncien qatre deniers dune gelynedeux deniers dun poutyn un denier dun awe qatre deniers et es lieux cu le pris des tieux vifailles eft meindre' qil fe teigne fanz eftre enchierez par cefte ordinance et qe es villes et marchees de Upland foient venduz a meindre pris folonc ce qe poet eltre acorde entre le chatour ctle vendour et qe Juftices fur ce foient affignez par commiflions de mettre la chofe duetnenten execution.

* Value of fuch Lands, Goods, and Chattels, in cafe 1 that he cannot difeharge him, without taking any ‘ Thing of the Party; (4) and if fuch Minifter do ‘ not the fame, and thereof be attainted, the Party 1 fhall have the Suit againft fuch Minifter, and recover ‘ his doub’e Damages, and^neverthelefs he ftiall be grie-‘ voufty puniliicJ to the King.’

CAP. IV.

A Clerk of the Remembrance of the Exchequer fhall be aligned.

“ ITEM, Eecaufe that many People acquitted by “ JL Judgement in the Exchequer in one Place, be “ grieved and endamaged in other Offices and Places of ‘c the faid Exchequer, of the fame Things whereof “ they be fo acquit, to the great Mifchief of the Peo-“ pie;” ‘ (2) it is ordained. That one Clerk of the c Remembrance be titled to fit againft the Clerk of the

*	Pipe, to fee the Difcharges made in the Pipe, and to ‘ imbreviate the fame in the Remembrance, to caufe to

*	ceafe r.ll Manner of Procefs thereupon made, (3) j ‘ and alfo that the Summons of the Pipe be withdrawn

*	according as the Parties by Procefs be dillharged;

*	(4) and in whomfoever any Default be willingly ‘ found, the Treafurer by the King’s Commandment

hjrfo'lmffifiii- ‘ duly punifh the fame.’

7r:cr.t on Clerk making out Procefs to levy Debts which have been dtfcharged*

ITEM pur ce qe plufours gentz acquitez par juggement eh Lefcheqer eh fine place font gran-dement grevez et endamagez en autres offices et places du dit efcheqer de mefmes les chofes dont ils font iffint acquitez a grant mefehief du poeple eft ordeigne qun clerc de la remembrancie foit title de feer amount le clerc de la pipe de veer les defeharges faites en la pype et les enbrever'en la remembrancie pur faire ceffer tote manere de procefle fur ceo fait et auxi qe la fomons dela pipe foit retrait folonc ce qe parties par procefle font defehargez et en cas qedefaute voluntrivement foit trove le Treforer par commandement le Roi le ferra duement punier.

C A P. V.

Merchants fhall not ingrofs Merchandifes to inhance the Prices of them, nor ufe but one Sort

of Merchandife.

Repealed by "7TEM pur les grefs mefehiefs qe font avenuz flbien au Roi come as grantz et communes de ceo qe les 38 Ed. 3. c. 4. marchauntz nomez groflers engroflent totes maners des marchandifes vendables et le pris de tiele mar-chandie levent fodeinement deinz le Roialme mettanz a vent parcovyne et ordinance entre eux faitz appelle Fraternite et Gilde de marchaunt les marchandifes qe font plus chores et les autres en repofe tanqe au temps qe chierte ou defaute foit dicelles eft ordeigne qe nul marchaunt Engleys ne ufe merce ne marchandie parlui ne par autre par nule manere de coveigne mais ufe foulement une quele il voudra eflire entre cy et la fefte de Chaundelure profehein avenir. Et ceux qont entremeyns autres merces et marchandifes qe celles qils ont efluz les puiflent mettre a vente devant la fefte de la Nativite Seint Johan profehein enfuant & fi nul face au contraire de cefte ordinance en nul point et de ceo foit atteint en manere qe fenfuera forface devers leRoila marchandife qil avera iffint ufee centre cefte ordinance et outre face fyn au Roi folonc la quantitedu trefpas. Et coment cefte ordinance ferra mys en execution eft ordeigne qe bones gentz et loialx de chefcune marchandie foient efleux et jurees de furveer qe cefte ordinance foit tenuz et executz ceft aflavoir deux marchantz de chefcune marchandie en chefcune citee et burgh et deux marchantz en chefcune countee et les defautes re-drefeer et ces qils ne poent redrefeer certifier au Chaunceller et confeil le Roi et foient commiflions faites a: certeins gentz queux et qant il plerra au Roi affigner denquere en citees burghs et countees ou il bufoignert flbien de trefpafours en celle partie. come des furveours en cas qils foient negligenz ou de covyn des trefpa-fours par le ferement des fys jurrez & outre fur ce procefle faire par oier & terminer de jour en jourde punii les trefpafours & furveours ceftaflavoir le trefpafours folonc cco qeft ordeigne paramont & les furveours folonc ia diferetion des Juftices & ceo par lajureede duzeencas qils fe voillent mettre en pays de lour acufemente' quicunqe qe vorra fuire pur le Roi en tiel cas foit a ceo recieu & eit le quart denier de la forfaiture de celui qi iffint ferra atteint a fa feute.

CAP

C. 6—io.

A. D. 1363. Anno tricefimo feptimo Edwardi III.

31

r

C A P. VI.

Handicraftfmen fhall ufe but one Myftery, but Workwomen may work as they did.

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

ENfement eft ordeigne qe artificers gentz de meiftcre fe teignent chefcun a un meifter quel il vodra eflire Rc?«M by entre cy & la dite fefte de la Chaundclure et foient efiieux deux de chefcun meiftere de furveer qe nul5 EllI> c- +• ufe altre meiftere qe cele quele il ad eflieu.- Et foient Juftices aflignez denquere par procefle de oier et terminer en ceft article come eft ordeigne en larticle devant forfpris qe les trefpafours en cefte article foient puniez par emprifonement de demy an et outre face fyn au Roi folonc la quantite du trefpas et les furveours par dif-cretion des Juftices come devant. Mes lentention du R.oi et fon confeill eft qe femmes eeftaflavoir bracerefces pefterefees tixterefees filerefees et overefees fibien de layne eorne de leinge toille et de foye braudefters pyne-refees de leyne et totes autres qe ufent et oeveront oeveraynes manuels'puiflont ufer et osverer franchement come ils ont fait avant ces hures fanz nul empefehement ou eftre reftrtint par cefte ordeignance.

CAP. VII.

Goldfmiths Work fhall be of good Sterling, and marked with his own Mark, None fhall

make white Veflel and alfo gild.

ITEM eft ordeigne qe orfeures fibien en Loundres come aillours deinz le Roialme facent tote manere de veflel Sc autre overaigne dargent bien Sc loialment de lalay de bon efterlyng. Et eit,chefcun meiftre or-feure un merche a par lui Sc foit le merche conu par ces qe ferront aflignez depar le Roi de furveer lour ove-raignes Sc lalay. Et qe les ditz OFfeuers ne mettent lour merchcs fur lour overaignes tanqe les ditz furveours eiont fait lour afiay come ferra ordeigne par le Roi Sc fon eonfeil Si laflaie faite mettent les furveours le merche le Roi Sc puis lorfeure fon merche pur quel il voet refpoundre. Et qe nul orfeure ne preigne pur veflel blanc Sc playn pur le poys du livre dorfeuer ceft aflavoir du pris de deux mars du poys de Parys qe dys' Sc oet deniers come lem fait a Parys. Et qe nul orfeuer fefant veflel blanc ne fe meddle de furorrer ne ees qe furorront ne fe medlent de faire veflel blanc. Et ces qe ferront iflint aflignez en chefcun ville facent lour ferche atant de-foith come ferra ordeigne Sc qe ces qe ferront en defaute des orfeuers encorgent peine de forfaire au Roi la valu du metal qe ferra trove en defaute.

21 Jae. 1. c 28. But fee 12 & 13 W. 3. c. 4. 6 Geo. 1. c. ti. and

Goldfmiths fhall make their Work of Sterling.

4 H- 7. c. 2. jS Eliz. c. 15. Every Goldfmith /hall have a Mark, and fet it to his Work.

2 H. 6. c. 1 No Goldfmith fhall make white VclTel and alfo gild.

28 Ed. 1. flat. 3. c. 20.

Repealed by 12 Geo, 2. c. 26*

CAP. VIII.

The Diet and Apparel of Servants.

ITEM pur loutrageoufe & exeeflive apparaill des plufours geritz contre lour eftat Sc degree a'trefgrant de- Rep, 24. H. 8.

ftrueftion Sc empoverifiement de tote la terre cfl ordeigne qe garfons fibien fervantz as Seignurs come de c-13 & 1 Jac.1. meiftere Sc d£s artificers foient ftrviz de manger Sc boire unfoich le jour de char ou de pefion Sc le remenant c-25-daltres vitailles come de ledtee fur mage bure & autres tiels vitailles acordantz a lour eftat. Et qils eient draps pur lour vefture ou chaufure dont ie drap entier ne pafle deux mars & qils ne ufent drap de pluis haut pris de lour acate nautrement ne nul cnofe dor dargent nenbroydez aymelez ne de foye ne rien appendant des dites chofes. Et foient lour femmes fiHes Sc enfantz de mefme la condition en lour veflure Sc apparaille ft ufent nulles veilles pafl’ant la veille dufze deniers.

CAP. IX.

The Apparel of Handicraftfmen and Yeomen, and of their Wives and Children.

ITEM qe gentz de meiftere dartifiee & de office appclle Yomen ne ne preignent ne ufent drr.p de plus Rep. 24.K. S.

haut pris pur lour vefture ou chaufure qe deinz qarant foldz le drap entier par voic dacate uautremgnt ne c- ‘ Jac<l1 perry drap de foy ne dargent ne ceynture cote] fermaille anel garter nouches rubaignes cheines bendes fealx c-„Vj nautres chofes dor ne dr.rgent ne nule manere dapparaill embraudez aymelez ne de feie par nule vcie. Et qe J ,0>‘I- ' lour femmes filles & enfantz foient de mefne la condition en lour vefture Si apparaill Sc qe eles ne ufent nul veille de fey mes foulement de file face deinz le Roialme ne nule manere de pelure ne de boge mes foule-ment de aignell conyng chat Sc gopil.

CAP. X.

What Apparel Gentlemen under the Eftate of Knights, and what Efquires of Two hundred Mark Land, £?c. may wear, and .what their Wives and Children. -

ITEM qe efquiers & toutes maneres des gentils gentz dcfouih leftat de chivaler qe riont terre ou’rent a laRcr,h.8.

value de cent livres par an ne preignent ne ufent drap pur lour vefture ou chaufure de plus haut pris qe^. 13 & j j^c 1, deinz le pris de qatre mars Sc demy le drap entier par voie dacate nautrement ne qils ne ufent drap dor de/^5' feye ne dargent ne nule manere de vefture embroidez anel fermaile nouche dor rubayn feynture ne nuT autre

S	f 2	apparaill

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

apparaill rie herneys dor ne dargent ne Hens de.perre ne nule manere de pellure h qe lour femmes .filles & enfantz ffbient dc mefme la condition qant a lour vefture & apparaill fanz afcuns revers ou purfil et qe eles ne ufent efclaires crenailes ne trofles ne nule manere dapparaill dor ne dargent ne de perre. Mais qe efquiers eiantz terre ou rente a la value de deux cent livres par an et outre puiffent prendre et ufer drap de pris de cynk marz le drap entier et drap de feye et dargent rubayn ceynture et autre apparaille refonablement garniz dargent et qe lour femmes files etenfantz puiffent ufer pelure revers de menever faunz ereinyns ou letufes ou afcune manere dapparaill de perre finon pur lour teftes.

CAP. XL -

The Apparel of Merchants, Citizens, Burgefles, and Handicraftfmen.

Rep. 14H. 8. Y TEM qe marchantz citefeyns etburgeys artificers gentz de meiflere fibien deinz la Crtee de Loundres c. jj. & i jac. i. come aillours qont clerement biens et chateux a la valu de cynk centz livres et lour femmes etenfantz puiffent prendre et ufer en manere come les efquiers e.t gehtils gentz qont terre ou rente a la valu de cent livres par an. Et qe les marchantz citefeyns et burgeys qont clerement biens et chateux outre la value de mill livres et lour femmes et enfantz puiffent prendre et ufer en manere come les efquiers et gentils gentz qe or.t terre ou rent a la valu de deux centz livres par an. Et' qe nul garfon yoman ne fervant des marchaunz de marchandie artificer ou gentz de meiftere ne ufe altrement en apparaill qe neft ordeigne des garfons et yo-men des Seignurs paramont. •	-	•	,

CAP. XII.

The Apparel of Knights which have Lands within the yearly Value of Two hundred Marks, and of Knights and Ladies which have Four hundred Mark Land.

Rep, =4, H. 8. TTE M qe chivalers qont terre ou rente deinz la value de deux cent mars par an priegnent et ufent drap de * c. 13. & j jac, 1. fyg mars ie jrap entier pur lour vefture et non pas de plus haut pris et qils ne ufent drap dor ne cloth '	mamtell ne goune furrurez de menevere ne maunches furrez dermyn ne nul apparaill broudez de perre nautre-

ment et qe lour femmes filles & enfantz foient de mefnie la condition et qels ne ufent revers dermyne ne de letufes efclaires ne null maner'e dapparaill de perre fi non pur lour teftes. Mes qe touz chivalers et dames qont terre ou rent outre la value de qatre centz mars par an tanqe a la fomme de mill livres par an ufent lour volunte forfpris ermynes fetufes et apparaill de perles de perre fi noun pur lour teftes.

CAP. XIII.

The Apparel of feveral Sorts of Clerks.

Ren. 14 H. 8. T TEM qe les clerks qont degree en efglife cathedrale colegiale ou en efcoles et clers le Roi qont tiel eftat c.i3 & j Jac.1;	qe demands pellure facent et ulent folonc la conftitution de yceles et touz autres clers qont outre deux

c-35’	centz marches de rent par an ufent et facent come les chivalers de mefmela rente et les autres elerez deinz

mc-ifma la rente ufent come les efquiers de cent livres de rente. Et qe touz ceux fibien chivalers come elerez qe par ceft ordinance puiffent ufer pellure en yver par mefme la manere ufent en efte linure.

CAP. XIV.

The Apparel of’Ploughmen, and other of mean Eftate; and the Forfeitures of Offenders

aoainft this 'ordinance,

O	1

Rr - ■ ti s Y TEM’qe charetters cbnruers chaceourS des carues bovers vachers berchers porchers deyes ct touz autres c. 13,pc! i,	JL gardcins des beftes batours des bleez et toutes maneres des gentz deflate de garfon entendantz a hufban-

drie et touz ntitrcs gentz qe nont qarartt foldz des biens ne des chateux a In value de qarant folds ne preig-nent ne ufent nule manere dc drap fi noun blanket et ruffet de xii d. laun et ufent lour ceyntures et lenge toile acordant a lour eftat Ct qils vivent de manger et dc boiure par manere come a eu.x affiert et non pas exceffivement. Et eft ordeigne qe fi nul ufe ou face au contraire de nulcs des pointz fufdites qil forface d’evers le Roi tout lapparaill qil avera ifiint ufec contre la forme de ceft ordinance.

C A P. XV.

Clothiers Ihall make Cloths fufficient of the forefaid Prices, fo that this Statute for Default of

luch Cloths be in no wife infringed.

' TEM au fyn qe cefte ordinance qant a la pris et' ufage de drap foit meiritenuz ct gardez en touz pointz fanz emblemer eft ordeign.c-qe touz les fclburs- des draps deinz le Roialme dEngletcrre fibien liommcs come femmes fe confourment de faire lour draps folonc le pris limite par cefte ordinance, ct qe touz les drapers acatent et purvoient lour fortez acordantz a mefme le pris parenfy qe fi grant plentee. des tieux draps foit fait et mys a vendre en chefcunc citec burgh ct villc marchande et aillours deinz ie.dit.Roialme qe pur 31	'	defaute

.15.

OB.

A. D. 1363. Anno tricefimo feptimo Edward 1 III. C. 16—19.	317.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

defaute des deux draps la elite ordinance ne foit enfreynt en nul poynt. Et a ceo foient les fefours des draps et drapers cenftreyntz par qeconqe voie qe meuth femblera au Roi & a fon confeil, Et comrnencera ceftc ordinance de novel apparail a la Chaundclure profehein avenir.

CAP. XVI.

A Repeal of the Punifhment of Lands, and of Life and Member, inflifted by the Stat.

27 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. cap. 5	7.	Enquiry	fhall	be	made yearly in Gafcoin in the King’s Do-

minions, of Couchers of England, which lie there to buy Wines.

ITEM eft ordeigne qe leftatut fait des vynes Ian vynt feptifme foit tenuz & gardez en touz pointz forfpris 0 E> le puniflement des terres & tenementz & de vie & de membre le quel puniflement eft repelle par ceft lE1, c'I3’ prefent parlement iibien de temps paffe come de temps avenir. Et outre eft ordeigne qe chefcun an foit mande as meire & coneftable de Burdeux a la Rochele & as touz autres 'villes & portz en Gafcoigne & aillours' qe font de lalleggeance noftre Seignur le Roi hors des queux les vynes venont en Engleterre wleftre certifie du pris des vyns & autres coftages & des cochoures Engleys contre la forme du dit eflatut. Et par cele certification des cochours contre leftatut foient mys a refpondre fi le corps foit mande come eft con-tenuz en leftatut & ill contredie la certification foit trie par marchantz ufantz celles parties & autres gentz (je meuth out de ceo conifance & fi le corps ne foit mande foit la certification mande en banc le Roi ou devant autres Juftices folonc ee qil bofoignera H illoeqes proceffe faite par Capias it. Exigerid ou trie par inife come defus eft dit.

CAP. XVII.

In what Cafe a Writ fhall not be abated by Exception of Cognifance of Villenage.

I-TEM eft ordeigne- & eftabli qe nul brief foit abatu par exception de conifance de villenage fi le demaiv-.. dant ou pieintif voille avefrer qe celui qe alegge lexception fut franc le jour du brief purchace.

CAP. XVIII.

The Order of purfuing a Suggeftion made to the King.

ITEM content qen la Grande Chartre foit contenuz qe null homme foit pris ou einprifor.ez ne ouftez o B s.

de fon franc tenement fanz procefle de ley nientmeyns plufours gentz font faux fuggeftions a Roi 9 H. 3. flat. 1.

ptefmes fibien par malice come en autre maneve dor.t le Roi eft fovent trop grevez & plufours' du Roialme c- *9*

nys en grant daunger & pert contre la forme de mefme la ehartre par. qot eft ordeigne qe touz ceux qe font

dels fuggeftions foient mandez ove les ditz fuggeftions devant le Chaunceller Treforer &fon grant confeil & 2.	^

qe illoeqes ils troevent feurte a purfuire lour fuggeftions & dencourge mefme la peyne qe lautre avereit fil c.\.

rut atteint en cas qe fa fuggeftion foit trove malveys i/t qe adonqes proees de ley foit fait devers eux fanz 3^ Ed. 3. fl^t. 1.

Are pris ou emprifonez contre la fourme de la elite chartre & autres eftatuz.	c-9

1,1	41 Ed, 3. c. 3.

C A P. XIX.

How each Perfon full ufe a Hawk of another’s that he taketh up;

ITEM come autrefoitz fuift ordeigne qe quel-qonqe perfene qe trove faucoun terlelet lanier ou anierc* auftour ou autre faucon qe foit perdu de Ton Seignur qe maintenant if lapport au vife (lint I'd countee & qe le vifeonte face proclamation en uuz les bones villes du countee qil ad un del fau-:on en garde. Et fi le Seignur qi le perdi ou mcun des loens viegns pur lui chalanger & proeve irefonahlement qe ce eft a' fon Seignur paie pur fes :uftages & eit le faucoun. Et fi nul viegne deinz ies quatre tnois pur lui chalanger adonqes le vifeonte eit le faucoun fefant gree a celui qi le prill fd foit limples homme & fit foit gentils homme deftat daver faucoun qe le vifeount rebafile a lui le dit faucoun parnant de lui refon.ibles courtages' pur !e temps qil lavoit en garde. Et fi nul eit pris tiel faucoun ode cdncele du Seignur a qi il eft ou a fes fauconers ou qi iemport de Seignur &c de ce foit ifttdnt eit la prifone de deux ans & rende au Seignur le pris du faucoun i flint con cele ou eniporfee fil eit de quoi & fi noun eit pluis longe demoeure

“ TT EM, Whereas it was another Time ordaihed,.

“ JL That every fei'fon that findeth any Faulcon,

“ '1’ercelet, Laner, or Laneret, or any other Hawk “ that is loft of his Lord’s, that prefendy he fhall “ bring him to the Sheriff of that County, and that “ the Sheriff make Proclamation in all the good Towns “ of the County, that hi hath fuch Hawk in keeping.

“ (2) And if the Lord which’hath loft him, or any of “ his, come to challenge him, ar.d prove reafonably “ that it is his Lord’s, let him pay tor his Colts, and “ have the Hawk'. (3) And if none come within four C1 Months for to challenge him, then the Sheriff fhall “ have the Hawk, making Gree to him that did take “ him, if he be a fimple Man ; and if he he a Gentle-“ man-, and of Eftate to have the Hawk, the Sheriff “ fhall redeliver to him the Hawk, taking of him rea--“ foiiable Cofts for the Time that he had him in his*

keeping. (4) And if any hath taken fuch Hawk,,?4E1-3 c-“ and the fame Conctal from the Lord to whom the1l?" eon“al,nf “ Hawk is, or from his Faulconers, or if any_ take H™kTsFdony! “ him away from the Lord, and thereof be attainted,

‘ he

C. 19.

3l8

3	Init- 97-

4	lull, jr.

Anno tricefimo feptimo Edwardi III. A. D. 1363.

44 he fhall have two Years Imprifonment, and yield 44 to the Lord the Price,of the Hawk fo concealed or 44 taken away, if he have whereof, and if not, he fhall 44 the longer abide in Prifon. (;) Notwithftanding “ this Ordinance, the Offenders doubt but little to 44 offend in this Behalf:” ‘ (6) Wherefore it is or-4 dained, and by Statute eftablifhed in this prefent ‘ Parliament, That if any fteal any Hawk, and the ‘ fame carry away, not doing the Ordinance aforefaid, ‘ it fhall be done of him as of a Thief that ftealeth a * Korfe or other Thing.’

|	Ex	Rot. in Turr. Lond.

' en prifone. Et nient countrefteant cefte ordenance les meffefours nount pas dote de trefpaffer en celle partie par quoi eft ordeine & par eftatut eftabli en ce prefent parlement qe fi nul emble faucoun & lemporte nient fefant lordinance deffus dite foit fait de lui come de laroun qi emble chival ou autre chofe.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 38EDW. III. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dom. 1363.

Ex Rot. inTurr. Lond. m. 6. D.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roi Edward a fon parlement tenuz a Weflm’ as oetaves de Seint Hiller lan de fon regne trente oetifme de laffent des Prelats Dues Countes Barons & communes de fon Roialme illoeqes affemblez ad fait Sc ordeine les chofes qe enfuent.

C A P. I.

Former Statutes fhall be obferved and executed.

4 IT IRS T, That the Great Charter, and the Char-‘ 1? ter of the Foreft, and the other Statutes made as ‘ well in his Time as in the Time of his Progenitors, '* be holden and kept, and duly executed in all Points.’

/V Deprimes qe la Grand Chartre la Chartre de /i la Forefte Sc les autres eftatutz faitz fibien en fon temps come en temps de fes progenitours foient tenuz Sc gardez Sc duement executz en touz poyntes.

CAP. II.

Repeal of Part of 37 Edw. 3. c. 5. Who may tranfport Gold or Silver.'

9 Ed,	t.

c. 1.	27	Ed-	3.

fiat. 2. c. 3.

36 Ed. 3. c. 11. 31 Ed. 3. c. 5.

ITEM, To that which was ordained at the laft Parliament, of Living and of Apparel, and that no Englijh Merchant fhould ufe but one Merchan-dife 5” 4 it is ordained, That all People fhall be as free as they were at all Times before the laid Ordinance, and namely as they were in the Time of the King’s Grandfather, and his other good Progenitors. (2) And that all Merchants, as well Aliens as Denizens, may fell and buy all Manner of Merchandifes, and freely carry them out of the Realm, paying the Cuftoms and Subfidies thereof due, except that the Englijh Merchants fhall not pafs out of the Realm with Woolls orWoollfels. (3) And that none carry out of the Realm Gold nor Silver in Plate nor in Adoney, laving the Victuallers of Fifh that., fifh for Herring and other Fifh, and they that bring Fifh within the Realm in fmail Vefiels, which meddle not with other Merchandifes, and that according to the . r - Arbitrement of the Chancellor.’

the Exportar.cn

cf Cold and Silver 4 //. 4. c. 15 £? 16.	5	//.	4. c. 9.	27	H.	6.	c.	3.	17 Ed. 4. c. 1.	3	//.

Enforced and	c

amended by	c

5 R. z./ir. 1.

C. 2.	2	/A	4.

c. 5. end 2 H. 6. 4 c. 6, fee far' c tier concerning c

CAP.

ET quant a ceo qe ordene feuft au derrein parlement de vivres & dapparail Sc qe nul mar-chant Englois ne uferoit qune marchaundie eft acorde qe touz gentz foient ft franks come eftoient de tut temps auncienement devant les dites ordinances & nieement coine eftoient en temps del aiel noftre Seignur le Roi & de fes autres bones progenitours. Et qe touz marchantz fibien denzeios come aliens puiflent vendre & achatre toute manere de marchandie & franchement ameifner hors du Roialme paiantz les cuftumcs & fubftdes ent dues forfpris qe les marchantz Engleis ne pafferont hors du Roialme leins ne pealx lanutz. Et qe nul em-porte hors du Roialme or nargent en plate nen monoie fauvez les vitaillers de pefton qe pefehent harane & autre pefton & ces qi amefnent pefton deinz le Roialme en petitz vefielx qi ne fe mellent dautre marchandie & ce folonc larbitrement de Chaunceller.

7. c. 8. and 19 H. 7. c. j.

III.

Fines fhall be taken in the Prefence of the Pledges.

4 TTEM it is accorded. That all the Fines to be 4 X taken before any Juftices, fhall be in the Prefence 4 of the P! dges, ana that the Pledges know the Sum ‘ of their Fine before their d parting.’

ITEM eft acorde qe touz les fines qe ferrount aprendre devaunt qeconqes Juftices foient faites en prefence de plegges Sc qe les plegges fachent la fomme de lour fines devant lour departir.

CAP

Stat. 1.

3*9

CAP. IV.

Penal Bonds in the third Perfon (hall be void.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come divers gents foient liez en autri court hors du Roialme par inftrumentz & en autre manere eft acorde qe touz tieles liens penales en la tierce perfone foient voides & pur nul tenuz.

44 YTEM, Whereas divers People bo bound in an-44 JL other Court out of the Realm by Inftruments, 44 and in other Manner;” ‘ (2) it is accorded, Th2t 4 all [fucb] Penal Bonds in the third Perfon be void 4 and holden for none.’

CAP. V.

Any Man may wage his Law againft a Londoner's Papers.

ITEM come plufours gentz fount grevez & at-tachez par lour corps en la Citee dc Loundres a la purfuite de gentz de meifme la Citee furmet-tantz a eux qils fount dettours & de ceo voillent ils prover par lour papirs la ou ils ne ont fait ne taille eft aflentu qe chefcun foit refceu a fa lei par gentz fufficeantz de fa condition countre tieles papirs & preigne le creanfour ieurtce par autre voie fil vor-ra fanz mettre la partie de pleder a lenquefte fil ne le voet de fon gree.

44 |TEM, Whereas many People be grieved and 2 h. 4. f. 10.

44 j| attached by their Body in the City of London, at 4° Ed, 3. f. t.

44 the Suit of the People of the fame City, furmiling to 24 Ed, 4- f-22* 44 them that they be Debtors, and that will they prove Co' lt' 23°'

“ by their Papers, whereas they have no Deed nor 44 Talley;” ‘ it is afiented. That every Man be re-4 ceived to his Law by People fufficient of his CondL 4 tion againft fuch Papers, and the Creanfour fhall take sK 7 Jac. j. c.

‘ Surety by another Way if he will, without putting 12. it what Cafe 4 the Party to plead to the Inqueft, if he will not of a Tradtfman s 4 his own Gree.1'	Stop-Beet fhall

be Evidence cj a

C A P. VI.

Debt.

A Repeal of the Felony impofed by Stat. 27 Ed. 3. Stat. 2. c. 3. for tranfporting of Wooll,

&c. by Englifhmen; but the Forfeiture of Lands and Goods fhall Hand.

ITEM come autresfoitz feuft ordeigne en leftatut de leftaple qe nul Engleis pafferoit la meer ove leins OB.

quirs ou pealx lanutz par luy ne par autre fur peine de forfeiture de vie et de membre terres e,t tenemenz biens et chateux eft acorde qe la forfaiture de vie et de membre foit oufte de tout en leftatut de leftaple et qe nul homme foit empefchee par caufe de tiele forfaiture de vie et de membre fibien de temps palfe come avenir la forfaiture de terres et tenemenz biens et chateux efteant en fa force.

CAP. VII.

A Confirmation of the Statute of the Staple, made 27 Edw. 3. Stat. 2.

ITEM eft acorde et aflentu qe leftaple foit en Engleterre et qe leftatut de leftaple fait lan xxviD' ove les 0 B S.

declarations additions et modifications ent faites foient tenuz et gardez nul grant conge nautre eftatut ou ordinance faite depuis contrefteant.

CAP. VIII.

A Ship fnall not be loft for a fmall Thing therein not cuftomed.

ITEM come les niefs de plufours gentz de Roialme foient areftuz et tenuz come forfaitz par caufe dune petite chofe mife en lour dites niefs nientcuftumes dont les Seignurs du dites niefs fount mefconiffantz eft acorde et aflentuz qe nul Seignur perde fa nief pur tiele petite chofe mife dedeinz nient cuftumez del fefzifme. jour de Feverer prof-chein avenir en avant fanz fen ou notice de luy.

44 I' TEM, Whereas the Ships of divers People of 44 .1 the Realm be arrefted and holden forfeit, becaufe 44 of a little Thing put in their Ship not cuftomed,

44 whereof the Owners of the fame Ships be ignorant;”

4 (2) it is accorded and affented, That no Owner fhall 4 lofe his Ship from the * fifteenth Day of February next * Sintuut. 4 coming forth, for fuch a fmall Thing put within the 4 Ship not cuftomed, without his Knowledge.’

C A P. IX.

The Puniftiment of him which proveth not his Suggeftion made to the King.

ITEM quant al article fait au derrein parlement de ces qi fount grevoufes pleintes au Roi meifmes eft 0 b s.

aflentu qe ft celuy qe face fa pleinte ne poet p over fa entent devers le deffendant par proces limiteez 4i e. 3.C. 3. en meilirre 1 article qil foit commande a la prifone a y demorer tanqil eit fait gree a la partie de fes damages et 37Ed. 3. c. 18. de lefclaundre qil avera fuffert par tiele caufe et apres face fine et raunceon au Roi. Et foit ouftez le point 4.	en

3 20

© B S.

Stat, x«	Anno tiieefimo o&avo Edwardi III. A. D. 1363,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

en meifrrse larticle qe le pleintif encourge meifme la peine qejautre avereit fil feuft atteint en c?is qe fa fug-geftion foil' trove malveis.

CAP. X.

A Confirmation of the Statutes made for Wines. .

ET qant a marchandie de vins et de ces que paflerount de quere vins er. Gafcoigne pur la diverfite des opinions de plufours eft aflentuz qe les eftatutz et ordinances fur ce faites eftoifent en lour force.

CAP. XI.

Merchants Denizens may fetch Wines, and Aliens may bring them.

4 ITEM the King will of his Grace and Sufferance, 4 JL That all Merchants Denizens that be not Artifi-‘ cers, fhall pafs into Gaftoign to fetch Wines there, to 4 the End and Intent that by this general Licence greater Plenty "jmay come, and greater Market may be of 4 Wines] within the.Realm ; (2) and that the Gaf.oigns' 4 and other Aliens may. come into the Realm with 4 their Win.es, and freely fell them without any Di-‘ fturbance or Impeachment; always faved to the King, c that it may be lawful to him, whenfoever it is advifed 4 to him or his Council, to ordain of this Article in 4 the Manner as befb (hall feem to him for the Profit of ‘ him and his Commons.’

ET le Roi voet de fa grace et fuffraunee qe touz marehauntz denzeins qe ne fount artificers patient en Gafcoigne de quere vins illoeqes au fin et eni.ente qe partry ceft: general congie greindre plente viegne it et meillour marche foient des vins deinz le Roialme et qe les Gafcoignes et touz au-tres aliens puifient venir en die Roialme ove lout vins et fraunchement vendre fanz nule deftour-bance ou empefehement rnutdis fauve au Roi qe bien luy life a queleiluie qe foit avis a luy et fon ' bon conl’eil de 01 Jenir fur ceft: article en manere qe j meulcz luy femblera pur profit de luy et de fa com-I munalte.

C A P. XII.

■	.	:	i

The Punifhment of a Juror taking Reward to give Verdidi, and of Embraceors.

34 Ed. 3. c. 3. A Juror tak’ng. Reward to give Ivs Verditfb, /hall pay ten times fo much ns he hath taken.

Fi*z Decies tanrum, ij 7,

3> 4, S. 9. ”• Th?Punithment of Embiaceors.

None iliall inquire of Otiice r f this Statute, 1 ur at the Suit of the Party.

0 F.<!. 3. c ro. itreift. iSS. Raft. 14;.

44 JTE M, as to the Article of Jurors in the four and “ JL thirtieth Year ;” f it is' afiented and joined to * the fame, That: if'any Juror in Affifes fworn, and ‘ other Inquefts to be taken. between the King and e Party-, or' Party and Party; do any thing take by ‘ them or other of the Party Plaintiff or Defendant, ‘ to give their Verdidt, and thereof be attainted by 4 Procefs contained in the fame Article, be it at the 4 Suit of the Party that will fue for himfelf, or for the ‘ King, or any other Ferfon, every of the faid Jurors e fliall pay ten times as much as he hath taken; (2) 4 and he that will fue fhall have the one Half, and the c King the other Half. (>) And that all the Embrace-‘ ors that bring or procure fuch Inquefts in the Cr.un-4 try to take Gain or Profit, Iliall be puniftred in the 4 fame Manner and Form as the Jurors; (4) and if 4 the Juror orEmbraeeor fo attainted have nor whereof 4 to makeGree in the Manner aforefaid, he fhall have 4 the Imprifonment of one Year. (5) And the Intent 4 of the King, of the Great Men, and of the Com-4 mons is, that no Juftiee nor other Minifter fliall in-4 quire of Office upon any of the Points of this Ar-4 tide, but only at the Suit of the Party, or of other, 4 as afore is faid.’

ITEM qant al article fait des jurours lan.xxxiiij jL eft afientu et ajoufte a ycele qe ft nuls jurours en affifes jurees et antres er.queftes aprendre entre le Roi et partie ou partie et partie riens pfeignetit par'eux otx par-autre:-' de la parrie pleintif ou de. fondant pur’ dire lour verditz efdeceo foient atteint par prpees contenu en meifme lartiele foit il a la fuite de partie qe vorra fuire pur luy meifmes ou pur le Roi .pit dautre perfone quecot.qe paie chefcun des ditz' jurrours dis foitz a tant come il avera prjs et eit. celuy qe ferra la fuite lun moite et le Roi lautre moite. Et qe. touz les embraceours damefner ou -procurer tides enqueftes en paiis pur gayn ou profit prendre foient puniz en mciftne la manere et fourme come les jurrours et ft jurrour ou embraceour iffint attcintz neit dont faire gree en manere fufdite eit la prifone dun an. Et eft: lcn-tention du Roi grantz et communes qe nul juftiee nautre miniftre enquerget doffieefur nul des pointz de ceft: article mes lbulement a la fuite de partie ou dautre come defius eft ait.

Other Statutes made Anno 38 Edvv. III. Stat. 2. and Anno Dom.

*363-

4loft. ji.fcR.1. “ T gAO nourifh Love and Peace, and Concord be-44	8	tween	holy	Church	and	the	Realm, and to

44	appeafe	and	caufc.	to	ceafe	the great Hurt,

“ Perils,- and importable Lofi’es and Grievances that

temps

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 4.

P UR nurrir amour paix et concotde entre le-glife et le Roialme et empefeher et faire coffer les grantz malx perils et importables damages et gtevances qont efte faitz et avenuz en

Stat.2,

321

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. temps pafte et avendront enapres fi la chofe ferroit foefTerte pafler avant par caufe de perfoneles citations ct autres qont pallez avant ces hures et parent communement de jouren autre horsdc la courte de Rome par my feintes ou faufes fuggeftions et proportions deceivantzle faint Piereencountre toutjilcin des perfones du dit Roialme fur caufes dount la cogniflance et finale difcuffion appertient a noftre Seignur le Roi et a fa courte Roiale etautrement et auffides impetrations & provifions faites en meifme la courte de Rome des benefices & offices defglife appertenantz a la donation prefentation ou difpofi-tion noftre dit Seignur le Roi Sc dautres patrons lais de fon Roialme & des eglifes chapeles & autres benefices appropries as eglifes cathedrales collegi-ales abbaies priories chaunteries hofpitalx Sc autres povres maifons Si des autres dignitecs offices & benefices occupez en temps pafie Sc prefent par diver-fes & notables perfones du dit Roialme pur les que-les caufes S: dependences dicelles les bones & aun-cicnes lois ufages cuftumes & fraunchifes du dit Roialme ount eltez & fount moult grandement em-pefehez blcmiz Sc confounduz la corone le Roi noftre Seignur abeffe & fa perfone moult durement Sc faufenrent diffamee les avoirs Sc richefles du Roialme emportez les heritances & fubgiz dicelx em-povriz Sc troubliz les benefices def0lifes gaftez Sc deftruitz divin fervice hofpitalites almoignes Sc nitres oevres de charitee entreleflez & fouztraitz les grantz communes & fubgitz du dit Roialme tra-vaillez Sc en corps ct en biens damagez:

hath been done and happened in Times paft, and that fhall happen hereafter, if the Thing from henceforth be fuftered to pafs, becaufe of perfonal Cita- ' tions, and other that be paft before this Time, and commonly doth pafs from Day to Day out of the Court of Rome by feigned and falfe Suggeftions and Propofitions, * againft all Manner of Perfons of the * Add deamwg R.ealm, upon Caufes, whofe Cognifance and final ‘kc holy Father. difeufting pertaineth to our Lord the King and his Royal Court; (2) and alfo of Impetrations and Pro- The foverai vifions made in-the faid Court of Rome, of Benefices Erormi ies of and Offices of the Church, pertaining to the Girt, Citations and , Prefentation, Donation, and Difpofition of our faid B™r>e<kesTb-° Lord the King and other Lay Patrons of his Realm, tained from and of Churches, Chapels, and other Benefices an- Rome, propried to Cathedral Churches, f Abbeys, Priories, f Add Cdkgeu Chantries, Hofpitals, and other poor Houles, and of other Dignities, Offices, and Benefices occupied in Times paft and prefent by divers and notable Perfons of the faid Realm: (3) For the which Caufes, and the Dependants thereof, the good ancient Laws,

Cuftoms, and Franchifes of the faid Realm have been and be greatly impeached, hlemifned, and confounded, the. Crown of our Lord the King abated, and his Pcrfon very hardly and falfiy defamed, the Trealure and Riches of his Realm carried away, the Inhabitants and Subjects of the Realm impoverilhed and troubled, the Benefices of the Church walled and deftroyed, Divine Service, Hofpitalities, Alms-deeds, and other Works of Charity withdrawn and fet apart, the Great Men, Commons, and Subjedls of the Realm in Body and Goods damnified

CAP. I.

Perfons receiving Citations from Rome in Caufes pertaining to the King, &c. to incur the Penalties of 25 Edw. 3. Stat. 6.

NOftre dit Seignur le Roi a fon parlement te-nuz a Weftm’ en les oytaves de Seint Hiller lan de fon regne trente oytiftnc eiant regard a la quiete de fon poeple le quel il defire tres foveraigne-ment a fuftenir en tranquiiiite pais ct repos et go-vernir folonc les lois ufages et fraunchifes de fa tet-rc ct ficcm.e tenuz y eft par fon ferement donez en fa coronation en eide et confort du Pape'qi moult fovent a eftee trublez par tieles et femblabies im-portuns clamours ct impetrations ct qi y meift voluntiers covenable remedie fi fa feyntetee elloit fur ces chofes enfourmee et paflant parmy les voies de fes nobles progenitours les queux pur le temps lors courrant firent certeynes bones purveiances ct ordenances encour.tre les avantditz grevaunces et perils les queles ordinances et purveanccs et auffi toutes les autres faites en fon temps et par efpecial en lan de fon regne xxv. et xxvii. Noftre dit Seignur le Roi de laftentement et exprefie volunte ct concordc des Dues Contes Barons Nobles et communes de fon Roialme et de touz altres qe la chofe touche par bone et meure deliberation et avifement a approve accepte et cor.ferme fauf leftat des Pre-latz et daltres'Seignurs du Roialme touchant la li-bertee de lour corps fi qe par force de cell eftatut lour corps rie foit pas pris ajouftant a ycelles a pur-veu et ordene qe touz ceux qont impetrez pureba-cez ou purfuiz tiels perfoneles citations et autres en aucun temps paffe ou impetreront purchacerount ou purfuerount femblables cn temps avenir ericoun-VOL. I.

UR Sovereign Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at TVeftmivfler in the TJtas of St. Hillarie, the 1 hirty eighth Year of bis Reign ; having a Regard to the Quietncfs of his People, which he chiefly defireth to fuftain in Tranquillity and Peace, to'govern according to the Laws, Ufages, and Franchifes .of his L3nd,.as he is bound by his .Oath made at his Coronation, J following the Ways of his progenitors, which for their Time made certain g-ood Ordinances and Provifions againft the faid Grievances and'Perils; which" Ordinances and Provifions, and all the other made in his Time, and efpecially ill the Twenty fifth and Twenty feventh Year of his Reign, our Sovereign Lord the King by the Afient and exprefs Will and Concord of the Dukes, Earls, Barons, and the Commons of his Realm, and of ail other whom thefe i hings toucheth, by good and mete Deliberation and Avifement, hath approved, accepted, and confirmed, favirig the Eftate of the Prelates and other Lords of the Realm, touching the Liberty of their Bodies, fd that by Force of this Statute their Bodies be not taken, joining to the fame hath provided and ordained. That all they which have obtained, purchafed, or purfued, fuch perfonal Citations or other in any Times paft, or hereafter fhall obtain, purchafe, or purfue fuch like, againft him or any of his Subjects, and alfo all they that have obtained or fhall obtain in the faid Court, Dean-ries. Archdeaconries, Provofties, ruid other Dignifies, Offices, Chappels, or Benefices of holy Church, T t ,	‘ pertaining

| Add for tbs F.cfe and GoavC-n.cmeof tie Pope* who he.s bun ft-J'.<ckily djhn l etl by fuch w.tO’-lu-i:arc Clamours and Impetrations, and won id willingly apply comrcrisnt Remedy, If his Iiolir.cfs was in~ firmed of thefe Toi-gs.

25 Ed. 3, fiat. 5. c. 22. & fiat. 6» Altered by 16.R. 2. c, 5, and 5 £/* £• I*

‘ pertaining to the Collation, Gift, Prefentation, or Dif-c pafition of our faid Sovereign Lord the King, or of ‘ other Lay Patron of his faid Realm, and affo all like ‘ Perfons, Qbtainers of Churches, Chappels, Offices, ‘ or Benefices of holy Church, Penfions or Rents ‘ amortifed and appropriated to Churches cathedral or ‘ collegial, Abbies, Priories, Chanteries, Hofpitals, or ‘ other'po r Houfes, before that fuch Appropriations, ‘ Amortifements be void and adnulled by due Procefs ; ‘ alfo all they which have obtained in the fame Court, ‘ Dignities, Offices, Hofpitals, and any Benefices of ‘ Churches which be occupied at this prefent Seafon ‘ by reafonable Title by any Perfons of the faid Realm, ‘ if fuch Impetrations be not fully executed, or fhall

*	obtain hereafter like Benefices, whereby Prejudice, ‘ Damage, or Impeachment hath been or may be done ‘ hereafter to him or to his faid Subjects, in Perfons, ‘ Heritages,, Poifeffions, Pvights, or any Goods, or to 1 the Laws, U(acres, Cuftoms, Franchifes, and Liber-‘ ties of his faid Realm and of his Crown ; ailo all their c Maintenours, Concc lers, Abettors, and other Aid-

*	ers and Fautours wittingly, as well at the Suit of the £ King as of the Party, or other whatfoever he be of ‘ the Realm, finding Pledges and Surety to purfue

■ againft them; in this Cafe all the laid Perfons de-‘ famed and violently fufpeR of fuch Impetrations, ‘ Purfuits, or Grievances by Sufpedfion, fhall be ar-‘ relied and taken by the Sheriffs of the Places and Ju-‘ flices in their Seffions, Deputies, Bailiffs, and other ‘ the King’s Minifters, by good and fufficrent Main-4 prife, Replevin, Bail, or other Surety (the Ihorteft ‘ that may be) and Fhall be prefented to the King and £ his Council, there to remain and Hand to Right, to 4 receive what the Law will give them; and if they be 4 attainted or convift of any of the faid Things, they 4 fhall have the Pain eomprifed in the Statute made in 4 the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign ‘ Lord the King, which beginneth,’ 44 Whereas late “ in the Parliament, &c.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. tre lur ou aucun de fes fubgiz et aufli touz ceux qount impetrez ou impetreront de la dite court dea-nees arcedeakenees provoftes et autres dignitees offices chapelles ou autres benefices defglife quel-conqes appurtenantz a la collation donation prefentation ou difppfitipn noftre dit Seignur le Rot ou dautre patron lai de fon dit Roialme Et aufli toutes fembleables perfones impetrours defglifes chapelles offices benefices defglife penfions ou rentes amortifeez & appropriez as egli.fes ca.thedrales ou collegiales abbaies priories chaunteries hofpitalx ou altres povres maifons avant ceo qe tielx appropriations & amortifiementz foient caffez & anullez par due proces enfemble touz ceux qount impetrez en meifmela court dignites offices hofpitalx ou benefices quelconqes defglife qe fount occupez au prefent par title raifonable par afeuns perfones du dit Roialme fi tie! impetration ne foit ja pleine-ment execute ou impetreront enapres fembleables benefices par quoi prejudice damage ou empefehe-ment a eftee ou purra eftre fait enapres a lui ou a fes ditz fubgiz ou perfones heritages poffeffions droitures ou biens quelconqes ou a les lots ufages cuftumes fraunchifes& libertees de fon dit Roialme & de fa corone enfemble touz leur mei.ntenours counfeillours abbettours & autres ai.danz & fau-teurs feientement taunt a la fcite le Roi ccn?e de la partie o.u dautre quelconqe de Roialme trevantz plegges & feurete de purfuir contre e.px en ceo caas foient les dites perfones diffames & fufpectes vio-lenment de tiels impetrations purfuites ou grevari-ces areftuz & pris par les vifeontes de lieux Si Ju-ftices en lour feffions deputez bailliffs & autres mi-niftres le Roi & par bone & fuffifaunte maynprife repleviffement bail ou altre plegerie le plus brief qe faire fe purra foient ils prefentez au Roi ou a fon confail pur y demurer Si efter a droit h recevoir ceo qe la lei lour donera. Et fils foient atteintz ou con-vaincuz daucunes des dites chofes.eient la penance compris en leffatut fait en lan noftre dit Seignur-le Roi xxv. qe comence Ail Parlement famous a JVeJhA CSV.

» Add Or.

CAP. II.

Sufpeded Perfons not appearing before the King’s Juftices, after Warning, to incur the Penalty

of 27 Edw. 2. Stat. 1. cap. x.

4 TTEM, if any Perfon defamed or fufpeR of the ‘ X faid Impetrations, Profecutions, or Grievances’, 4 or Enterprifes, be out of the Realm or within, and * may not be attached or arrefted in their proper Per-4 ions, and do not prefent them before the King or his 4 Council, within two Months next after that they 4 be thereupon -warned in their Places (if they have 4 any) * in any of the King’s Courts, or in the Coun-4 ties, or before the King's Juftices in their Seffions, ‘ or otherwife fufficiently, to anfwer to the King and 4 to the Party, to Hand and be at the Law in this Cafe ‘ before the King and his Council, (hall be puniflied by 4 the Form and Manner eomprifed in the Statute made 4 in the faid Seven and twentienth Year of this King’s ‘ Reign, which beginneth,’ 44 Our Sovereign Lord 44 the King of the Affent, £sV.” 4 and otherwife, as ‘ to the King and his Council fhall feem to be done, ‘ without any Grace, Pardon or Remiffion to be made 4 by the King, without the Will and Aftent of the 1 Party, which fhall prove him to be grieved, and with-‘ out making to him due Satisfaction in this Cafe.’

ET ft aucunes perfones diffames ou fufpefles des dites impetrations profecutions grevanc«s ou entreprifes foient hors du dit Roialme ou dedans & ne purront eftre attachez ne areftuz en lour pro-pres perfones & ne fe prefentent devant le Roi ou fon confail dedeins deux mois profehein apres ce qils ferrount fur ceo garniz en lourlicux fi aueuns en eient ou aueuns des courtz le Roi cu en les countees ou devant les Juftices le Roi en lour fcf-•fions ou autrement fuffifaument pur refpoundreau Roi R a la partis & demurer & eftre a la lei en ceo cas devaunt le Roi & fon. confail foient puniz par fourme Si manere compris en leftatut fait lan xxvii. noftre Seignur le Roi qe comence Noftre Seignur le Roi de lajjent & a la priere i3c. Sc autrement fieorne afaire femblera au Roi et a fon confail faunz faire a aucun deulx par noftre dit Seignour le Roi aucune grace pardonaunce ou remiffion faunz la volente et aflentementde )a partie qe fe pro vent eftre greve et fanz faire- a luy due fatisfaRion en ce cas.

CAP,

A. D* 1363. Anno triceiimo o&avo Edwardi III

Stat. 2

323

CAP. III.

Such Offenders to be out of the King’s Protection, and punifhed according to the Statute of

27 Edw. 3. Stat. 1. cap. 1.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordcigne eft qe nul autre fubget du dit Roialme gardant et Yufteiitant ces ordinances nencourge aucune forfaiture de vie de membre de terres heritage ne de hiens devers le Roi nautre per-fone quelconqe ns nfc perde eftat ne faveur par fcaufe de Ids fufditz chofes ordenes ne lui ne fes heirs ne purrdnt ne devcrorit eftre reprovez dift'a-rneez nempefcheez par aucuns des ditz caufes en aucune temps avenir. Et ft aucune perfone de quelconqe eftat ou condition qil foit par quelconqe manere qe ce foit attempte ou face aucune chofe a lencountre des dites ordinances ou daucune chofe comprifc en ycelles foit la dite perfone meifmea re-fpounfe en manere come deffus eft dit et ft 'die ferra fur ceo attainte ou convaincue foit mife hors la protection le Roi etpuniz par fourme du dit eftatutde lan xxvii.

‘ TTEM, it is accorded. That none other Subject ‘ X of the faid Realm, keeping and fuftaining thefe c Ordinances, fhall incur any Forfeiture of Life and 1 Member, of Lands, of Heritage, nor of Goods, e againft the King, nor none other Perfon, nor lofe c Eftate nor Favour becaufe of the faid Things ordairi-c ed, nor his Heirs may not nor ought not to be re-‘ proved, defamed, nor impeached by any of the faid ‘ Caufes at any Time hereafter. And if any Perfon, c of vvhatfoever Eftate or Condition that he be, by ‘ any Manner, attempt or do any Thing againft the ‘ faid Ordinances, or any Thing comprifed in them, ‘ the fame Perfon fhall be brought to anfwer in the ‘ Manner as aforefaid; and if he be thereupon attaint-‘ ed or convidt, he fhall be put out of the King’s Pro-‘ teftion, and punifhed after the Form of the faid Sta-‘ tute made the faid xxvii Year.’

CAP. IV.

The Punilhment df thdfe who fue Falfly and malicioufly Upon this Statute. The Confent of the King and Parliament to appeach Offenders againft the fame.

ET ft aucune perfone face malicioufement ou ' c faufement aucun piirfuite encountre perfone ,c quelconqe du dit Roialme pur caufe comprife en ces c prefentes ordenances et de ceo foit duement attaint ‘ foit tiel pleintif duembnt puniz a lordenance du ‘ Roi ou de fon corifail et nientmeyns face gree et la- ‘ mende a la partie qe a eftee grevee par fa pleinte. c Et a fin qe les dites ordenances et chefculi dycelles c pur aife quiete et bien commun foient le mieuz fu- ‘ ftenuz executz et gardez et qe touz ceux qe ount ‘ mefpris ou mefprendrount encountre ceftes orde- ‘ nances par profecutions accufations denunciations ‘ citations ou proces Faites ou affaire hors du dit ‘ Roialme ou dedeins ou overtement centre quel- ‘ conqe perfone du Roialme foient ie plus covenable- ‘ merit et promptement meifnez a refpons pur recey- ‘ Vre droit folonc leur deferte ie Roi les Prelatz les ‘ Dues Countes Barons et Nobles communes Clercs ‘ et lais font tenuz par cefte prefente ordenaunce a c aider conforter et confailler lun a lautre et taunt ‘ fovent qe bufoigne ferra et par toutes les meillours' ‘ maneres qe faire fe pourra de parole et de fait pur ‘ empefeher tieux meffefours et reftftere de fait a lour ‘ enterprifes et faunz les foeffrir habiter demorrer ne c paffer par lour Seignouries puiflance terres jurif- ‘ diClions ne lieux et fount tenuz de garder et defen- ‘ dre lune a lautre de tout damages vilairte'z et re- ‘ proves ficome ilsferroient lour propres perfones et' ‘ pur leur fait et btifoigne et par tiele manere et ft ‘ avant come tides profecutions ou proces fuiffent ‘ faites ou atteintez encountre eux en fpecial ou en ‘ commune.	‘

ITEM, If any Perfon malicioufty or falfly make any Purfuit againft any Perfon of the faid P-ealm, for Caufe comprifed in thefe prefent Ordinances, and thereof be duly attainted; fuch Plaintiff fhall be duly punifhed at the Ordinance of the King and his Council ; and nevetthelefs he fhall make Gree and Amends to the Party grieved by his Purfuit. And to the Intent that the faid Ordinances, and every of the fame, for the Eafe, Quietnefs, and Wealth of the Commons, be the better fuftained, executed, and kept; and that all thofe that have offended, or fhall offend againft thefe Ordinances, by Profecutions, Accufations, Denunciations, Citations, of other Procefs made or to be made out of, the faid Realm or within; or other-wife againft any Manner of Perfon of the faid Realm, be the more covcnably and fpeedily brought in Anfwer, to receive Right according to their Defert:

The King, the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, Nobles, * and ether Commons, Cierks, and Lay-people, * j/a Orig. be bound by this prefent Ordinance to aid, comfort, and to couiifel the one and. the other ; and as often as fhall need, and by all the beft Means that may be made of Word and of Deed, to impeach fuch Offenders, and reftft their Deeds and Enterprifes, and without fuffering them to inhabit, abide, or pafs by their Seignories, Poffeffions, Lands, Jurifdi&ions, or I3 ^

Elaces, and be bound to keep and defend' the one and The Ojfen.es in the other from all Damage, Villainy, and Reproof, the foregoing as they fhould do their own Perfons, and for their Cba'termaJe Deed and Bufinefs, and by fuch Manner, and as far clriftr forth, as fuch Profecutions or Procefs were made or Treafcm. attempted againft them in efpecial,- f general^ or inf Net in o>ig. common.’

Tt z

Statutes

<F\ cl

324. C. 1—4. Anno quadragefimo fecundo Edwardi III, A. D. 1368

Statutes made at V/eftminfler, Anno 42 Edw. Ill, and Anno Dom

1368.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter and the Charter of the Foreft, and a Repeal of thofe

Statutes that be made to the contrary.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 3.

EN le parlement nofire Seignur le Roi tenuz a Weltm’ le primer jour de May lan de Ton regne quarantifme fecond efi aflentu et ac-eorde qe la Grande Chartre et la Chartre de la Fo-refie foient tenuz et gardez en touz pointz et fl nul eftatut foit fait a contraire foit tenuz pur nul,

* This ferns to be a m'faken Reference ; and is probably intended for 25 Ed. 1. fat. I.t, iffj.

T 3

sEd.

Al

Pat. 5.

«* c, i.

T the Parliament of our Lord the King, holdcn at IVeflminJler the Firft Day of May, the two and fortieth Year of his Reign,” (2) it is afiented and accorded, That the Great Charter and the Charter of the Foreft be holden and kept in all Points; (3) and if any Statute be made to the contrary, that fhall be holden for none.’

CAP. II.

EX P,

A Writ of Allowance of a Pardon granted Anno 36 Edw. 3.

ENfement eft aflentu qe la pardon qe le Roi fift a fa commune lan trente fifme foit tenuz en touz fez pointz & ft nul fe fent greve contre la lorme dicelle il avera brief en Chancellerie dallower les pointz du dit pardon.

CAP. III.

None fhall be put to anfwer an Accufation made to the King without Prefentment.

<£ IT EM, At the Requeft of the Commons by their “ X Petitions put forth in this Parliament, to efehew t£ the Mifchiefs and Damages done to divers of his “ Commons by falfe Accufers, which oftentimes have ££ made their Accufations more for Revenge and fin-44 gular Benefit, than for the Profit of the King, or of ££ his People, which accufed Perfons, fome have been “ taken, and fometime caufed to come before the “ King’s Council by Writ, and otherwife upon grie-“ vous Painagainft the Law:” * (2) it is afiented and £ accorded, for the good Governance of the Commons,

£ That no Man be put to anfwer without Prefentment £ before Juftices, or Matter of Record, or by due Pro-£ cefe and Writ original, according to the old Law of £ the Land: (3) And if any Thing from henceforth i5Ed. 3. flat. 5.« be done to the contrary, it fhall be void in the Law, c. 4. a® fj'3- £ and holden for Error.’

c. 3. Ed. 3.

c. 18, Enforced by II R* c, 10.	16	Car.	I.	c.	io.	•which	regulates	the	privy Council and tabes away the Star Chamber,

.flat. 1.

, r.8.

»»■ c. 29.

7. Ed. 3 5 Ed. 3. f. 9.

14 Ed. $.fat. 1. c. 14.

ITEM a larequefte de la commune par leur petition mis avant en ce parlement pur oufter mef-chiefs et damages faitz as plufours de fa dite commune par faux accufours qe fovent ont fait leur ac-cufementz plus pur vengeance & fingulere profit qe pur profit du Roi ou de fon poeple queux accufez ont efte aucuns pris et autres faitz venir devant le confeil le Roi par brief et autrement fur greve peine et encontre le leye eft aflentu et accorde pur le bone government de la commune qe nulhommefoit mis a refpondre fanz prefentement devant Juftices ou chofe de record ou per due proccfle et brief original folonc launcien leye de la terre et ft rien defore enavant foit fait al encontre foit voide en leye et tenuz pur errour.

CAP. IV.

To what Sort of People Commiflions of Inquiry fhall be granted.

“ TfTEM, Becaufe that Copimiflions have been ££ it made and granted in divers Counties, at the “ Procurement of certain Perfons, to inquire of cer-“ tain Articles, which Commiflioners have made their ££ Inquiries in fecret Places, and by People not fufti-“ cient and of their Covin, more to their private Pro-<£ fit than for the King’s Advantage,'or of his People;”

*	(2) it is afiented and accorded. That from hence-

*	forth in all Inquiries within the Realm, Commiflions

*	fhall be made to fome of the Juftices of the one Bench

*	or of the other, or Juftices of Afiife, or Juftices of

ITEM por ce qe commiflions ont efte faitz & grantez en divers contees as procurementz de certcins perfones denquere de certeins articles queux commiflioners font leur enquerrees en places privees 5c par gentz nient fufliceantz 5c de leur covyn plus au profit de eux qe en avantage du Roi ou de fon poeple eft aflentu Sc accorde qe defore cn touz enquerrez deinz la Roialme foient commiflions faites as afeuns des Juftices de lun Bank ou de lau-tre ou Juftices daflifes ou Juftices de la pecs ovefqe autres de meulx vauez du paiis fibien pur profit du

Roi

A. D. 1368. Anno quadragefi'mo fecundo Ed ward 1 III. C. 5—9.	325

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.	*	I

Roi come de la commune fauve en loffice defche- | c the Peace, with others of the moft worthy of the tour en chofe qe touche celle office.	I	1	Country, as well for the King’s Profit as the Ccm-

I * mons, laving in the Office of the Efcheatorfhip, * or * In rbirgt j ‘ Thing that touchetb the lame Office.’	whict	C‘KM"‘

CAP. V.

Of what Sufficiency in Land every Efcheator muft be : He Ihall execute his Office in his own

proper Perfon.

ITEM come contenue foit en les eftatuz orde-nez pur commune profit des efehetours qe nul eichetour foit fil neit fufficeantie de terre (font il poet refpondre au Roi & fon poeple eft affentu qe nul efehetour foit fait fil neit vint liverees dc terre au meins ou plus en fee & qils faccnt leur office en propre perfone & li autre foit foit oulte.

“ ITTEM, Whereas it is contained in the Statutes 14 Ed. 3. fiat, n “ I. ordained for the common Profit of Efcheators, c's‘

“ that none fhould be Efcheator unlefs he have fuffi-“ eient Land, whereof he may anfwer to the King and “ to his People;” ‘ (2) it is aflented, That no Ef-‘ cheator fhall be made unlefs he have atxl. of Land at * the leaft, or more, in Fee; (3) and that they do ‘ their Office in proper Perfon; and if any other be, Enforced h

he fhall be put out.’

12 Ed. 4. c. 9# By 1 H. 8. c. S.

EfcheatorsJkall have Lands to the yearly Value of xl Marks•

C A P. VI.

The Statute of 25 Ed.’ 3. Stat. 1. c. 1. concerning Labourers, &c. fhall be executed.

ITEM eft acorde & affentu qe leftatut & ordenance fait 7. de laborers & artificers foient tenuz & gardez Repealed by & duement executz & fur ycels foient commiffions faites as Juftices de la pees en chefcun contee doier 5 Eliz. c. 4... 5i terminer les pointz du dit eftatut & de agarder damages al fuite de partie folonc la quantite de trefpafs.

CAP. VII.

Londoners and none other, fhall fell Vi&uals by Retale;

ITEM eft affentu qe ceux de Londres ct nul autre vendent a retaille vitailles tanfeulcment et ce de efpe - e x p...

dale grace du Roi tanqe au profehein parlement fur condition qil foit bien reulee et governee en le mefne emps a commune profit. Et eft lentention du Roi qe nul prejudice foit faite as-aliens qe ont franchifes par thartre des Rois.

CAP. VIII.

Euglijh Merchants fhall not pafs into Gajcoign to fetch Wines, nor fhall buy any Wines until

they be landed.

rTEM eft affentu et accorde pur profit du Roialme qe nul Engleis paffe en Gafcoigne pur vins quere illoeqes mais foient amefnez en Englcterre par les Gafcoignes et autres'aliens et fur ce foit defens fait rarmy le Roialme et qe nul Engleis mette en mains des ditz Gafcoignes ou aliens ne iloeqes mande ore nar-;entnautre marchandie pur ent faire achate des vins al oeps des Engleis fur forfaiture del or argent ou mar-thandifes iffint mis en mains ou mandez. Et qe toutes les niefs dEngleterrc et de Gafcoigne qe viegnent ;n Gafcoigne foient primerement frettez pur amefner vins en Engleterre devant toutes autres. Et qe nul Engleis bargaine ne achate tieux vins venantz en Engleterre avant qils foient mis a terre folonc la forme de eftatut ent fait. Et tendra cefte ordenance lieu a la geule dAuguft profehein avenir enavant et qe nul garant foit faite a nul Engleis a contraire.

Altered by 43 Ed. 3. c. 2*

Rep. 5 El. c* 5. 3 Bulftr. 2i0

CAP. IX.

Eftreats fhall be fhewed to the Party indebted, and that which is paid fhall be totted. No Sheriff, &c. fhall continue in Office above a Year.

ENfement par la ou en la verte eire eft mande a vifeonte pur lever les de tes le Roi les mini-ftres des vifeontes les levent par roulles & autres •emeinbranees & ne monftrent les dites eftretes lefouz le feal del Efcheqier iffint qeee qeftleve une Foitz vient autiefoiz en demande par caufe qils ne i!e chargent an plein de ce qeft lcve en deceit du Roi k empoveriffem',nt de fon poeple eft ordene & af-entu qe homme veie les dites eftretes enfeallees & qe ce qeft paic foit tottee & meifmes les eftretes nandez as vifeontes fur la receite. Et ft aucuns

: T T EM, Whereas the green Wax is fent to Sheriffs E/b-ea's ftaU c J. to levy the King’s Debts, the Sheriffs Minifters ba ftewed to 1 do levy the fame by R.olls, and other Remembran- the ij|-‘ ees, and do not fhew the fame Eftreats under the	tot’

‘ Seal of the Exchequer, fo that which is once levied, .cE‘d- , c- ,9i 1 cometh another Time in Demand, becaufe that they Confirmed ly 1 do not charge them fully of that which is levied, in 7 H. 4. c.3,

1 Deceit of the King, and Impoverifhment of his c People;” * (2) it is ordained and aflented. That a Man fhall fee the fame Eftreat fealed, and that the fame which is paid, be totted, and the fame Eftreats

‘ fe.’if

fent to the Sheriffs upon the Receipt. (3) And if any Sheriff or Minifter do to the contrary, he fhall be charged to anfwer to the Party, which thereof will him complain, his treble Damages, and make Fine to the King. (4) And that he have his Suit as well before Juftices of the Peace, as before other Juftices. ( 3) And that the Sheriff's be bound to accompt by the fame,Eftreats fo totted, and by none other. (6) And the fame Eftreats fliah not be doubled by the Sheriffs, but the Copy of the Effreats, wherein they touch the Eranchifes cf Lords, fhall be delivered to the Bailiffs of the Eranchifes under the Seal of the Sheriff’, and that the fame Bailiffs yield their Accompt in the Exchequer by the fame Copies fo delivered. (7) And alfo that no Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, nor Sheriff’s Clerk, abide in his Office above one Year, as it is ordained f- by the Statute.’

But Jet 11 Ed. 4. r. 1. and 17 Ed. 4.

Sheriffs fhall c ackompt by E- c ftreats totted, and none other.

14 Ed. 3. flat. 1. c c. 7.	c

*3 H. 6. c. 8. * c cenfrms the Sta - c tales declaring that Sheriffs Jhall C continue in Of- c fee but one Year, c

6H.8. c. i3. c

contains Exceptions with ref peel to the County of the Town of Brifol, Hilary ‘Terms, unlefs dijebarged before that Time.

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond. vifeontes ou miniftre face au contfaife fcit tenu2 de refpondre a la partie qe de ce foit yoet pleindre de fes damages a treble & face fin au Roi. Et qil eit fa feute fibien devant Jufticez de la pees come devaunt autres Juftices. Et qe les vifeontes foient tenuz daccompter par meifmes les eftretes iffint tot-tes Be par nul autre. Et ne foient les eftretes dou-blees par les vifeontees rnsis la copie de les eftretes en qant qe touchent franchife des Seignurs foient liverees as baillifs de franchifes feuz le feal du vif-conte & qe meifmes les baillifs rendentleuraccompt en lefcheqier par meifmes les copies iffint livetez. Et enfernent qe nul vifeonte fouzvifeonte nd clerc de vifeonte demoerge en fon office outre un an come ordene eft des vifeontes par eftatut'Z.

. 7, empowering Sheriffs to occupy their Offices during Michaelmas and

* Read c. ■

■f Add Concerning Sheriff's.

25 Ed,

CAP. X.

Children born beyond the Sea, if inheritable in England.

AUSSINT fur la petition mis cn parlement par la cornmunalte fuppliant qe les enfantz neefc pardela dcinz Ics Seignuries de Calcys Guynes & Gafcoigne 6t aillours deinz les terres & Seignories qe appar-tiegnent a noftre Seignur leRoi pardela foient fi avant ables & enheritables de leur heritages eri Engleterr? come autres enfantz ncez dcinz lc Roi;dme dEngleterrc eft accorde 5c affentu qe )a commune leye 6c leftatut 3. ft at. 2. rur cc p0int autrefoiz faitz foient tenuz Be gardez.

CAP. XI.

Copies of Panels fhall be delivered to the Parties fix Days before the Seffions.

jjy - w. 3. <•. 3. “ Y TEM, Forafrnuch as divers Mifchiefs have hap-

^ h raf-\o,1 Ue/'onfra flmf fne Ponplc TncimaAo

fe'fl. 7. Perfons tried for High Treafon, &c. fhall have Copies of the Panel, &*c.

6 H, 6. c. 2.

JL pened, becaufe that the Panels of Inquefts which “ have been taken before Juftices by Writ of Scire “ facias, and other Writs, have not been r turned be-“ fore the Seffions of the Juftices at the Nift prius, “ and oihervvife, fo that the Parties could not have “ Knowledge of the Names of the Perfons which fhould “ pafs in the Inqueft, whereby clivers of the People “ have been difherited and opprefied 3” * it is ordained, ‘ That no Inqueft, but Affifes and Deliverances of 1 Gaols, be taken by Writ of Nt/i prius, nor in other ‘ Manner, at the Suit of any Great or Small, before ‘ that the Names of all them that fhall pafs in the J11-‘ quefts be returned in the Court. (3) And that the c Sheriffs array the Panels in Affifes four Days at the 4 lenft before the Seffions of the Juftices, upon Pain of '• twenty Pound, fo that the Parties may have the View ‘ of the Panels, if they the fame demand. (4) And as ‘ to the Return or A.nfwer of the Bailiffs of Fran-4 chifes, they fhall make their Anfwer to the Sheriff fix ‘ Days before their Seffion upon the fame Pain. (?) c And in all Manner of Panels arrayed by the Sheriffs or Bailiffs within Franchife, fhall he put the moll fubftantia! People, and worthy of Credit, and not fufpeft, which have fceft Knowledge of the Truth, and be neareft.’

ITEM porce qe diver fes mefehiefs font avenuz par caufe qe les panelles des ertqueftes qont efte prifes devant Juftices par brief de Scire facias & autres briefs nont pas efteretournez devant les fef-fions des Juftices a la Nifl prius & autrement ft qe les parties ne purrent avoir coniffance des nouns des perfons qe pafieront en lenqmfte Par quei plu-feurs gentz ont efte defheritces & fubduitz li eft ordene qe nulle enquefte forfpiis affifes 6c deliverances des gaoles foient prifes par brief'de Tiff prius ne cn autre mariere a fuitc de nully grant ne pent avant ce qe les nouns de touz yceux qi pafieront en les enqueftes foient retournees en cqui\e. Et qe les vifeontes arraient Ics panelles en affifes quatre jours a mcinz devant la feffion des Juftices fur peine dc vint livres iffint qe les parties peuffent avoir la veue des panelles fils le demandent. Et quant a retourne ou refpons des baillifs des francliifes facenr leurre-fpons as vifeontes par fis jours devant leur feffion fur meifme la peine. Et en tcute manere des pa-nelles arraiez par vifeontes ou bail'ifs deins franchife foient mis les meulz vauez fufficeantz 6c dignes de foy 6c nient fufpccflz qont ineillour co-niffance de la verite 5c pluis profeheins.

“What fort cf Terfons ihall be returned upon Jntjuefte, j o Ed. 1 .fat. 1. c 3°>,	21 Ed. I.

fat. 1. Ed. 1. frat. 3. C. 9.	20	Ed.	3.	c.	<3.	34 Ed. 3.C.4. See 1 R. 3. c. 4.	11JA7.	c,	21#	4//.	S.	r.	3.	5	//. 8# c. 5.	23	//.	8.	c»	13.	3^ S.

e 6. 27 EH*, c. 6.	5	IV.	M.	c.	24.	fefl.	15-	7	&	81V% 3# c. 32.	3 & ^Antu c. 18.	3	<7.	2.	c.	25.	4	G.	2. r, 7.	6	Go,	2.	c,	37.	2^	Geo. a.

c. i2. feh.i* and zc) Geo, 2. c, 19. febl. 1. which Statutes provide farther for the E^ualifcations of Jurors,	178. Raft.	117.

StatuUi

C. r, 2.

n 7W

0 -7

Statutes 7nade Anno 43 Edw. III. and Anno Dora. 1369.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. z.

EDWARD par la gracede DieuRoi dEngle-terre & de France & Seignur dlrland a noftre \ if ome de Stafford l'aluz. Come nadirs eftoit ordeigne pur profit du Roialme Sc ees s marchantz dEngleterre qe leftaples de leins peaux lanuz & quire ferroient tenuz a Caleis Sc illoeqes ad efte puis le primer jour de Marcz fan de noftre regne trcnt feptilmc & ore par caufe qe la pees autrefoitz pijs parcntrc les Roialmes dEnglc-terre Sc de France eft par les Franceys enireint Sc grant p-. ril de perde purroit avenir as biens duRoi-alme ifloeqes efteantz & venaritz par mere a mefme leftaple hors dEngleterre ft mefme leftaple feuffe il-loeqes contenue & furce les Prelatz grantz & communes veiamz les niefchicfs Sc perils qe purroient avenir a les biem Sc marchandifes celle partie pri-eren-t a noftre-Seignur le Roi en ceft prefcnt parle-ment tcnuz a Wcftm’ a ks oetaves de la - rinite lan d*e fen regne dEngleterre quarante tierce fur ce ordeigner remedie.

“ ¥7 D WARD by the Grace of God, (sfe. to the “ jp Sheriff of Stafford, Greeting. Whereas oflate “ ■“—* it was ordained for the Profit of the Realm, “ and Eafe of Merchants of England, that the Staple “ of Woolls, Woollfels, and Leather fhould be holden “ at Calice, and there it hath been fithence the firft . u Day of March, the feven and thirtieth Year of our I “ Lord the King that now is : (z) And now becaufe i cc the Peace another Time taken between the Realms of ' “ England and Prance is by the Frenchmen broken, and ct great Peril might come to the Goods of the Realm “ there being, and coming by the Sea to the fame ; ‘c Staple out of England, if the fame Staple were cort-“ tinued : And thereupon the Prelates, Great Men, i “ and Commons feeing the Mifchiefs and Perils which “ may happen to the Goods and Merchandises ip this “ behalf, pray the King in this prefent Parliament “ holden at IVeJhninfter at the Utas of the Holy Trinity, “ the three and fortieth Year of his Reign, thereupon ' “ to ordain Remedy.”

CAP. I.

The Wooll Staple at Calice removed, what Towns in England it fhall be holden at, and the-former Appointment ol the Irijh and fVelJh Staples confirmed.

Oftre Seignur le Roi eu fur ce plein deliberation Si avifement ove fon grant confeil a la requeft des iprelatz grantz & communes efteantz en mefme le parlement ad ordeigne qe leftaple de Caleis loit de tout oufte & leftaples des leins peaux lanuz & quits du Roialme dEngleterre foient tenuz es lieux fouz-[ eferintz ceftaffavoir a Neofchaftel fur Tyne Kyngefton fur Hull Seir.t Bothulf Jernemuth Quenelbutgli Wcftm’ Ci.ce ft r’ Wynceftr’ Exceffr’ & Bruftuyt & leftaples dlrland & Gales es lieux ou ils elioient pri-merement ordeinez. Et outre ce eft ordeigne qe touz marchantz aliens & denzeins puiffent franchement aler par toute Engleterre Gales & Irland & achater & vendre leins peaux lanutz cc q.uirs & toutes autres marchandifes a lour volume fanz null empefehement ou deftourbance ifiint qe nulles leins peaux lanuz ne ! q.uirs pafient hors du Roialme dEngleterre Gales ne Irland tanqils foient amefnez a les ftaples & illoeqes poifez cokettez Sc cuftumez Sc qe touz les leins qe ferront amefnez a leftaple de Weftm’ 3c Wynceftr’ foient entre merchant et marchant ou marchant Sc autres loialment poifez par leftandard Sc chefcun fak l & farplere dycelles leins ifiint poifez enfealeez fouz les fealx des meirs de les ftaples & des coneftables ou meir & un des ditz coneftables & qc touz les leins ifiint feallez a leftaples Si aufiint quits peaux lanuz- qe j vendrent illoeqes paiez ent la cuftume de leftaple foient tefmoignez par bille enfealle de fealx des meirs de leftaples Sc des coneftables ou de meir Sc un des ditz coneftables & mefne ceftaffavoir de leftaple de Weftm’ au. port de Loundres & de Wynceftr’ al pert de Suthamplon Sc illoeqes foient les ditz leins autresfoitz poifez en prefence de nozeuftumers Sc ccuntrercllours aflignez en mefmes les portz Si loit endenture faite entre le meir de leftaple Sc les coneftables ou meir Si un des ditz coneftables efteantz es ditz portz & noz cuftumers illoeqes de toutes les leins ifiint poifez Sc auxint des quirs Sc pea.ux lanuz qe vendrent a mefmes leftaples pur palter illoeqes & mefmes ceux leins Si auxint quirs Sc peaux lanuz cuftumez & coketrez & les cuftumes. ent deuz paiez a noz cuftumers en les ditz portz. Et mefmes les leins peaux lanuz & quirs Sc touz autres leins bien & loialment poifez cokettez & cuftumez en les autres portz Sc eftaplcs fuifditz foient amefnez hors du dit Roialme & terres par aliens quele part qe lour plerra a lour volume & nerav par denzeins. Et fi nul denzein face a lencontre encourge la forfaiture ae les leins quirs & peaux lanuz & demprifenement de fon corps par trois tins Si outre foit reint a la volume le Roi & foit la nief charge eve les ditz niarchan-difes a qi qil foit forfait au Roi.

CAP. II.

The Conditions on which Engliff, Jr iff, and tVeljhwen., not being Artificers, may import Wine from Gafcoign, notwithstanding the Statute of 42 Jlsdw. III. cup. 8.

ITEM come an parlement tenuz lan quarrant fecond eftoit ordeigne qe nul J;n^leis pafferoit en Gafcoign pur quere vyns illoeqes mes qe les vins fuiffent amefnez en Engleterre par les Gafcoignes Sc autres aliens & convent qe la- dit- ordenance ad efte par affay profitable au toute le Roialme nientmeins le Roi a la requeft de Can trefehier fitz le Prince qe fad fovent pleint qe fes fubfides & cuftumes de vins en fa_principalte dAqui-taigneont.efte appetizes & amenufez par caufe q.e les Engleis ne y venent pur achatre ks vins come ils foleient 4	&	par

The D.ingpr which tn»ght enfue by keeping the Staple at Calice.

27 Ed. 3. ftat. 2. c. 1.

O B.

3 EuK^zr,

4	30.

* Add Greater Quantities of Wires than were heedful or ne-ceffary for the fa id Houje and Expences.

* Add Great Men,

The Kin p's

Butler fliall tike h?s Wine within Ten Days.

2 Bui. 254.

s5 EH. 3. flat. 5.

C 2 ' •

Sie 6 Geo. t. c.

12. for preventing

frauds ir Al-Icwan'e' *n da-maged Wines >&c*

C. 3, 4. Anno quadragefimo tertio Edwardi III. A. D. 1369.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

& par tant demoert grant partie des vins nient venduz voet & grant del afTent des prelatz grantz &com-< munes qe touz Engleis Irrois & Galeys qe ne foient artificers puiflerit franchement pafier en Gafcoign put quer.vins illoeqes trovant fufficeant feurtee avant fon pafiage devant les meir & baillifs ou baillifs la ou meir neft de la ville ou port ou il pafl'era qil achatera en Gafcoign cent tonelx de vin & nient meins de fes biens propres & dautrie & les amefnera ou ferra amefner en Engleterre Gales ou Irland & null part aillours. Et (I autrement foit fait par afeun Engleis Galeis ou Irrois foient les vins & les niefs amefnantz les ditz vins forfaitz au Roi & eit la prifon de un an & outre foit reint a la volunte Ie Roi. Et fi afeun Engleis pafle en Gafcoign fanz trover tiel feurtee encourge la forfaiture de touz fes biens devers le Roi. Et foient les ditz feurteez certifiez & rctournezen la Cbaunccllerie le Roi par les ditz meir Sz baillifs ou par baillifs ou meir ny a deux foith par an ceftafiavoir a les oetaves de la Chaundeleur & a la goule dAuft. Et 11 null meir ou bailifs foeff-rent afeun Engleis pafier tanqil eit trove tiel feurtee ou fils ne certifient en Chancellerie en manere come dit eft encourgent lemprifonement de lour corps dun an & outre foient reintz a la volunte leRoi. Et neft pas lentention du Roi desgrantz ne des communes qe lordinance fait des vins lan quarrant fecond fufdit foit re-pellez ne anullez einz demoerge en fufpenfe tanqe lem verra quele profit ou damage ceft prefent graunte ferra au Roialme en temps avenir. Et voet le Roi qe les Gafcoignes et lour fervantz a toutes les foitz qe lour plerra vienent ove lour vins en Engleterre Gales et Irland en manere et fi franchement come il eftoit ordeine en le dit an quarrant fecond ou en afeun temps devant.

C A P. III.

The King’s Butler, or his Lieutenants, fhail take no more Wines than is commanded.

EEM, Fcrafmueb as the Great Men and Commons of the Realm before this Time, and now in this prefent Parliament, have grievoufly complained, for that the King’s Butler and his Lieutenants in divers Places and Ports of the Realm, have ingrofled and taken by Colour of their Office, for the Houfc and Expences of the King, * and by fuch Colour have arrefted the Wines which Merchants brought iiro the faid Realm, and holden them fo long in Arreft, that the Great Men and Commons, and other of the Realm, cannot thereof make their Purveyance, lior Merchants their Profit, and oftentimes by fuch Colour have ingrofled and taken of them fo many Tuns of Wine above that was needful for the King, that they have commonly fold the fame, and thereof made, their Angular Profit, and as much as other Merchants and Vintners in the Realm, to the great Damage of the faid * Merchants and other ‘ (a) Whereupqn the King defiring to ordain Remedy, of the Alfent of the Great Men and Commons in this prefent Parliament hath ordained, That the Butler, nor any of his L’eutenants, fhail not buy, ingrofs, nor take by Colour of their Office, nor in other Manner to their proper Ufe, nor of others, more Wines for the Houfe and Expence of the King than they have in Commandment, upon Pain of Im-prifonment of their Bodies, and to be ranfomed at the King’s Will. G) And as much as they {hall take by Force of the faiu Warrant, fhail be taken within Ten Days, and (that done) the Merchants of the faid Wines may, and it Hull be lawful to them, of the Remnant of the faid Wines another Time to make their Profit, notwithftanding any Arreft made upon fuch Wines by the Butler, or any of his Lieutenants aforefaid.’

ITEM pur ce qe les grantz & communes du Roi-alme avant ces heures & ore en ce parlement fi font moult durement pleintz de ce qe le botiller le Roi & fes lieutenantz en diverfes portz & lieux du Roialme out embracez & pris par colour de lour offices pur loftiel & defpens du Roi plus grant nom-bre des vins qe meftierou bufoigne ne fuift pur ie dit hoftiel & defpens & par tiel colour ont areftuz les vins de marchantz amefnez en dit Roialme & te-nuz fi longement en areft qe les grantz Sz autres du dit Roialme nont poier faire lour purveances ne les marchantz lour profit & fovent fouz tiel colour ont embracez & pris devers eux tant des vins outre ce qe meftier neftoit pur le Roi' qils les ont com-nuinement venduz & ent fait lour finguler profit auxi avant come autres marchantz ou vynters du Roialme au grant damage des ditz grantz marchantz ! & autres fur quoi le Roi defirrant y rnettre remede

ad ordeine del aflfent des ditz grantz

St communes

; en ce parlement qe le botiller ne noli de fes lieutenantz naebate nenbrace ne ne prrigne par colour de lour office nen a ucre manere a lour oeps propre , ne dautri pluis des vins pur loftiel & defpens du Roi qils naveront en mandement fur peine demprifone-ment de lour corps & deftre reint a la volunte le Roi. Et quanqe ils prendront par force du dit garrart ferra. pris dedcins x. jours & ce fait purront les marchantz des ditz vins & bi’n life a eux de re-manant des vins deflors faire lour profit nient con-treeftrant afeun areft !ur tieux vins faitz par le botiller ou afeun de fes lieutenants fufditz.





C A P. IV.

The King's general Pardon to all Men of Vert and Venifon, faving to the Officers of hi$

Foreft, idc.

ITEM pur ce qe lcs_ Communes du dit Roialme ont priez nu Roi qe lui pluift pardoner a eux de fa grace cfpeciale les trefpafi’cs fait cn forefles avant ccs heures le Roi eant regar' a les grandes eides qe fes ditz Communes lui ont meinrfoitz faitz & a les charges qils ont foffert n plufoures mancres de fa grace efpecialt

a 1 rclcfficz Si pardonez a fes ditz communes & a chefcun de eux toute manere de trefpas de vert&de venifoh faitz avant ccs heures en fes ditz foreftes & 1c pris & forfaiture de vert & auxi les fines ranceons & amcrcie-

mentz



329

A. D. 1369- Anno quadrngefimo tertio Edwardi Ilf.	C. 4.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

mentz .queeonqesjailiz 011 affaire pur celle caufe. Et fi afcuns des ditz Communes au prefent foient areftuz emprifonez ou leffez a mainprife pur tiel caufe foientimeintcnant relefiez delivres frankes Sc quites & lour mainparnours auxi forfpris expreffement. Juftiocs'Chief gardeins & gardeins de foreft parks & chaces fibien en fee come autrernent & touz foreftiers verders regardours agiftours lieutenanlz des gardeins fouzforeftiers St touz lour (ervantz Sc vendours de boys Sc fubboys & autres miniftres qeconqe de foreft park ou chace du-Roi les queux le Roi ne voet eftre compris en ceft pardon? Et pur ceo vous comandons qe les ordinances fufditz facez crier Sc publier en citees burghs Sc portz du meer Sc toutes autres lieux en voftre baillie fibien deinz fraunchife come dehorses lieux ou vouz verrez qe mieltz foit affaire et les facez fermement garder et tenir folonc la tenour et forme dycelles. -Don’ fouz noftre grant feal a Wcftm’ le xi jour de Juyn lan de noftre regne dEngleterre quarrant tierce ct de France trentifme.

Eoderrt motlo mandatim ejl' fingitlis vicecomitibns per Anglican.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 45 Edw. III. and Anno Dom*

!	*37*-

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft in all Points.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. r.

AU parlement fomons a Weftm’ Lundy en la primere fimaigne de Quarrefme lan du regne leRoi Edward tierez puisleconqueftquar-rantequint entre autres chofes eftoit ordeine et efta-bli qe !a Grand Chartre et la Chartre de la Forefle foient tenuz et gardez en touz pointz.

CAP. II.

The Penalty of him that fetteth up or enhanceth Wears.

“ A T the Parliament fummoned at Wejlminfter the “ A4 Monday in the firft Week of Lent, the five « X Ja. ancj fourtieth Year of the Reign of King Ed-“ ward the Third,” 1 it is ordained, That the Great ‘ Charter and the Charter of the Foreft be holden and ‘ kept in all Points.5

STEM come en leftatut fait a Weftm’ lan vint fl. quint entre autres chofes eftoit ordeine et ac-cordees qe porce qe communes paffiges des niefs et bateux en les grantz rivers dEngleterre ft feu-rent fo.vent foitz deftourbees par le lever des gortz j molyns eftanks eftaches etkideulx en grant damage I du poeple accorde feuft et eftabli qe touz tieux gortz molyns eftankes eftachbs ef kideulx qe feu- ! rent levez et mys en temps le Roi laiel et depuis :n tieux rivers par queux les niefs et bateulx feu--ent deftourbeez qils ne poent paffer come ils folei-mt ferroient ouftees et nettement abatuz faunz eftre rclcvez et ferroient fur ce briefs maundez as vif-eontes des lieux ou meftir ferroit de furveer et en-quere et de faire entexecution et auffint qe Juftices , ferroient fur ce affignez a toutes les foitz qil bu-foigneroit. Et ja a la grevoufe pleinte des grantz :t communes faite en ccft prefent parlement com-pleignantz par lour petition qe le dit eftatut neft pas duement execuc ne garde folonc leffecfc dycele sft accorde et eftabli qe le dit eftatut en ce point foit tenuz et gardez folonc leffeSt dycele Ajouftant i ycele qe fi nul tide anufance foit abatuz par due proces contenuz en le dit eftatut cely qi ferra re-

lever le dit anufance et de ce foit atteint duement

|2ncourge la peine de cent marcs devers le Roi a

ever par eftrete en Lefcheqer. Et autiele ley fe Vgl. I.

“ T TEM, Whereas in the Statute made at IVeJlmin- . r ,	.

“ J. fter, in the five and twentieth Year, amongft ot- the Statute of “ other Things it was ordained, That becaufe the com- *5 Ed. 3. flat.4. “ mon Paffage of Ships and Boats in the great Rivers c-4- concerning “ of England, were often difturbed by the levying of thepullingdown “ Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, * which \ JtSir'ori^

“ were levied and fet up in the Time of the King's Grand-	‘	s“

“ father, in great Damage of the People; (z) it was “ accorded and eftablifbed, That alTthe Wears, Mills,

“ Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, which were levied and

“•fet up in the Time f aforefaid and after in fuch f Of the Khg't

“ Rivers, whereby the Ships and Boats were difturbed. Grandfather.

“ that they might not pafs as they were wont, fhould “ be cut, and wholly pulled down without repairing;

“ (3) and thereupon XVrits fhould be made and fent “ to the Sheriffs of Places where it fhould be needful “ to furvey, enquire, and to make thereof Execution,

“ and alfo that juftices be thereupon affigned at all “ Times when Need fliall require. (4) And now at “ the grievous Complaint of the Great Men and the “ Commons made in this prefent Parliament, com-“ plaining by their Petition, that the Statute is not “ duly executed nor kept, according to the Effcdt of “ the fame 5” ‘ (;) it is accorded and eftabifhed, That ‘ the faid Statute in this Point be holden and kept ac-‘ cording to the EffeA of the fame: joining thereto,

‘ that if any fuch Annoyance be done, it fhall be pull-‘ ed down by due Procefs contained in the faid Statute.

‘ (6) And he that fhall repair the fame Annoyance, The Penalty of ‘ and thereof be duly attainted, fhall incur the Pain ofhim th.at 1-1:1:161,1 c an hundred Marks to the King, to be levied by UP aSain Wears,

‘ Eftreats of the Exchequer. (.7) And the like Law^‘ cn aric: Uu	,	‘	fhall

3> 4*

Anno quadragefimo quinto Edwardj III.' A.D. 1371,

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond. tiegne danufance faite par le enhancer des tieux gortz molyns eftanks eftaches et kideulx come par novel lever.

‘ fhall hold of Annoyance made by enhanfing of fuch Confirmed h 4 Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, as by 3 h’4. c. i2.	‘	the	new	levying.’

o H. 6. c. 9. and farther enforced by 12 Ed. 4, c. 7. which ttfliSis "Penalty on Offender:. See farther 3 Jac. 1. c. 12. 7 Jac. 1. c. 19. 6	7 TV. 3, c, 16. 1 Geo. 1.

,/fo/. 2. f, 18. containing farther P rowfior.: reflecting JVears.

CAP. III.

A Prohibition fhall be granted where a Suit fhall be commenced in a Spiritual Court for Sylva

,	CiTchta.

11 Co. 48.

50 Ed. 3. f. 10. 9 H. 6. 56. Plow. 470.

Cro: El. 1. 477, 736.

2 I.ift. 642. Cro. Jac. ioo, 233.

Regift. 44.

Fitz. N.B, 54, b, Raft. 483,

“ i TEM, At the Complaint of the faid Great Men “ A and Commons, fhevving by their Petition, That “ whereas they fell their great Wood of the Age of “ twenty Years *, or of greater Age, to Merchants to “ their own Profit, or in Aid of the King in his Wars, “ (2) Parfons and Vicars of holy Church do implead “ and draw the faid Merchants in the Spiritual Court “ for the Tithes of the faid Wood, in the Name of “ this Word called Sylva cadua, whereby they cannot “ fell their Woods to the very Value, to thegreatDa-“ mage of them and of the Realm ‘ (3) it is or-‘ dained and eftabliftied, That a Prohibition in this ‘ Cafe fhall be granted, and upon the fame an Attach-1 ment, as it hath been ufsd before this Time.

* Add, or of 40 Tears.

ITEM a la pleinte desditz grantz et communes monftranz par lour petition qe come ils ven-dent leur gros boys dage de vint anns ou quarrante ans ou de greindre age as marchantz en profit de eux mefmes et en eide du Roi en fa guerre par.-fones et vikers de Seint efglife les ditz marchantz empledent ct travaillent en court Criftien pur les difmes du dit boys en noun de cefte parole Silve cedue par quoi ils ne poeient vendre leur boys a verroie pris a grant damage de eux et de Roialme eft ordeine et eftabli qe prohibition en ce cas foit grantee et fur ce attachement come ad efte avant ces heures.

CAP. IV.

Confirmed ly JI R, 2, c, 9,

No Impofition fhall be fet upon Staple Merchandifes without Affent of Parliament.-

e |TEM it is accorded and eftablifhed, That no c J impofition or Charge fhall be put upon Woolls, ‘ Woollfels, and Leather, other than the Cuftom and

*	Subfidy granted to the King, in no Sort, without the ‘ Affent of the Parliament; and if any be, it fhall be

*	repealed and holden for none.’

ITEM eft accorde et eftabli qe nul impofition ou charge foit mys fur les leines pealx lanuz ou. quirs autre qe la cuftume et fubfide grantez au Roi nulle part faunz afletit du parlement et ft nul foit mys foit repelle et tenuz pur nul.

Rotulus Parliament! de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi tertii quadragefimo

fexto. See Appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 47 Edw. III. and Anno Dom.

*373-

C A P. I.

The Length and Breadth of Cloth of Ray and Cloth of Colour.

MS. ReE. _ 19 A. XIV. N3 1384. _

Repefted by A La greve pleint de la comunalte de Roialme DengP per lour petition mys en prefent parlement, te-5&^od.6. c.6.	nuz a Weftm’ lendemayne de Seint Eftnound le martre lan du regne le Roi E. terce xlvij. compreig-

ic.' 1! c°a	nant lez damages & perdes, que aveignent as grauntes et comunalte, de ce que lez draps de lein

J ' ' ,a' faitez en Engl’, ft bien drape de colour com de Ray, ne teignent en longure ne laiure come foleint, eft acorde & aflentuz per le Roi Prelatez grauntez & comunes en mefme le parlement, que lez drapes affaire de la longure de xxvij. Aunes mefures que fenfuet, Ceftafavoir que lez drapes de Ray foient de la longure de xxvij. Aunes mefures per lift, & v. quarters de laeure, & le drape de colour xxvi. Aunes de longure mefures per le dos, & vi. quartees de laure, au meins. Et que demy drape de Ray ou de Coloure teignent en le afferaunt come lez drapes de Ray ou de coloure. Et ft nul drape de Ray ou de coloure ou demy drape foit au vent apres la goule dauguft prochene avenire, ftl ne ont cel menfure, foit maintenaunt forfait au Roi, en que mains foit trove. Et auxint neft lentention dez gruntez ne des comunes, que lez drapes que gentes fount a lour opes demefne, et pur lour menee, ou autres mefties gentes fount pur vendre, que ne contcignent tiel rnefure, foient forfaitez.

C. 2,	331

C A P. II.

The Value of a Scottijh Groat fhall be Three Pence.

MS. Reg.

ITEM pur ceo que lez grauntez defcoce per lour fubtilite eunt horftreitle bone moneye dragent hors Dengl’ O B, & leount mys en lour coignage a meindre value, que le monee Dengl’ neift, & iffi court en paiement en dit Roialme Dengl’ a graunt damage & defceit de Roi, dez grauntes, & de tut la comunalte ; eft ordine Sc acorde, qe le monee de quatre deners defcoce foit mys acourger en value de iiid. & de meindre money folonc la quantite : et ft per cas cel monoie defcoce foit empire, foit cel monoie illint empire mys a meindre pris, folonc la quantite de lempirement.

De Pardonationibns et Gratiis fa&is per Regem Conimunitati Regni fui Anglie Anno quinquagelimo Regni Edw. III.

Statutes made at Weftminfter Anno 50 Edw. III. and A. D. 1376.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. m. r.

DEL aflent des Prelatz Dues Countes Barons et autres aflemblez au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ a la quinfzeine Seint Hiller lan de regne noftre Seignur le Roi dEngleterre cynquan-tifme et de France trent feptifme meifme noftre Seignur le Roi defirant molt qe la paix de fa terre foit entierment garde et fes foialx ftlbglz en quiete et tranquillite maintenuz ft ad par tant fait ct eftabli certeines chofes ordinances et auxint ottroiez cer-teines graces et pardones a fa commune dEngleterre en la fourme qe fenfuyt les queles ordinances pardones ct graces il voet qal honeur de Dieu et feinte efglife et quiete de meifme fen poeple foient ferme-ment tenuz et gardez en touz pointz.

1 V the Aflent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls,. Barons, and other aflembled at the Parliament holden at JVeJlminJler, at the Fifteenth of St. Hillary, the Year of the Reign of our Lord the King that now is, of England the fiftieth, and of France the feven and thirtieth; the fame our Lord the King much defiring that the Peace of his Land be well kept, and his faithful Subjects in Quietnefs and Tranquillity maintained, hath therefore made and eftablifhed certain Ordinances, and alfo granted certain Graces and Pardons to his Commons of England, in the Form as hereafter followeth : (2) Which Ordinances, Pardons, and Graces he will, for the Honour of God and of Ploly Church, and Quietnefs of the fame his People, they be firmly kept and holden in all Points.”

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church.

PVimerement eft ordeigne et eftabli qe feinte efglife eit fes libertees et franchifes en quiete fanz empefehement ou deftourbance afeune.

£ T7 Irft it is ordained and eftablifhed. That holy ‘ (P Church have all her Liberties and Franchifes in ‘ Quietnefs, without Impeachment or other Diftur-‘ bance.’

CAP. II.

A Confirmation of the Great Charter and the Charter of the Foreft.

ITEM qe la Grant Chartre et la Chartre de la Forefte foient fermement tenuz et gardez en touz pointz.

‘ ITEM, That the Great Charter, and the Charter ‘ ft. of the Foreft, be firmly holden and kept in all ‘ Points.’

C A P. III.

The King’s Pardon to the People in the Year of his Jnbile. See Appendix.'

CAP. IV.

No Prohibition fhall be allowed after Confukation duly granted.

ITEM eft ordine & eftabli de laflent avantdit qe par la ou confultation eft une foitz duement grauntez fur prohibition faite a Juge de feinte ef-

c ITEM it is ordained and ftablifhed Of the faid Af- Cro.Car.ac8. c fent, That whereas a Confultation is once duly J Roll 37S.

‘ granted upon a Prohibition made to the Judge of the - Ro11207> 5°®' U u z	c	holy

See S tat* of the JVrit of Confulta~ tion, 24 Ed, 1.

3 Bulftr* iS®, Oarthew 4.63. Latch 6.

Regift, 45-

Enforced by 1 R. 2. c. 15.

•which inf IBs Penalty on Offenders,

See 1 Mar.ff'. 2. c. 3. for the Penalty of molefing Priefh during Service,

Raft. 197,

D>er 295.

Fitz. Execution 5$j 108*

Enforced by 2 R« 2. fat.T., c. 3.

3 H. 7- c* 4*

13 EJ. c. 5.

•which ■makefraudulent Decdivoid,

Enforced ly 7 Ed* 4- c. 3.

3 H. 7. c. 1 r. 5ft* farther 5 //.

Anno quinquageiimo Edward 1 III. A.D. 1376*

c holy Church, that the fame Judge may proceed in 4 the Caufe by virtue of the fame Confultation, not-4 withftanding any other Prohibition thereupon to him 4 delivered: Provided always, that the Matter in the ‘ Libel of the faid Caufe be not engrafted, enlarged, or 4 other wife changed.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. glife qe mefme le Juge puifle procedre en la caufe par vertue de mefme la.confultation non obftante afc.un autre prohibition fur-ceo a luy bailie Purveu toutefoitz qe la mattire en la libell du dite caufe ne foit engroftee enlargee ou par, autre manerechaqn* gee.

C A P. V:

None fnall arreft Priefts or Clerks doing Divine Service.

44 ITEM, Becaufe that Complaint is made to our 44 1 Lord the King by the Clergy of his faid Realm of 44 England, that as well divers Priefts bearing the fweet 44 Body, of our Lord Jefus Gririfb to fick People, and 44 their Clerks with them, as ot'nerwife divers other 44 Perfons of holy Church, whiles they attend to Di-44 vine Services in Churches, Churchyards, and other 44 Places dedicate to God, be fundry 'Times taken and 44 arrefted by Authority Royal, and Commandment of 44 other Temporal Lords, in Offence of God, and of 44 the Liberties of holy Church, and alfo in Difturb-44 ance of Divine Services aforefaid 4 (2) the fame 4 our Lord the King, who would be fore difpleafed if 4 any did in fuch Manner, wall and granteth, and de-4 fendeth upon his grievous Forfeiture, That none do 4 the fame from henceforth, fo that Collufion or feign-4 ed Caufe be not found in any of the faid Perfons of 4 holy Church in this Behalf.’

ITEM pur ceo qe pleinte eft faite a noftre Sei-gnuf le Roi par le clergie de fon dit Roialme dEngleterre qe. fibien diverfes prefixes:portantz le-corps noftre Seignur Jefu Grift as malades & leur clerks ovefqe eux. come autrement plufours autres perfones dc feinte efglife tant come ils entendontas divines fervices es efglifes cimitoires 6c autres lieux dedieza Dieu font plufours foitz. pris & arreftuz par audforite roiale &comandement des autres Sei-gnours temporelesen offence deDieu & de Iibertee de fa feinte efglife & auxint deftourbance des divines fervices avantditz, mefme noftre Seignur le Roi a qi meult defpleroit ft nully le fift en tiel manere voet & grante & auxint defende fur fa grevoufe forfai-ture qe nully le face deforemes Mint qe collufion ou. caufe feyne ne foit trove en afeun des ditz.parfones* de feinte efglife en celle partie..

CAP. VI.

Fraudulent Afiurances of Lands or Goods, to deceive Creditors, fhall be void.

44 TTEM, Becaufe that divers People inherit of di-44 JL vers Tenements, borrowing divers Goods in Mo-44 ney or in Merchandize of divers People of this 44 Realm, do give their Tenements and Chatties to 44 their Friends, by Collufion thereof to have the Pro-44 fits at their Will, and after do flee to the Franchife 44 of fflejlminjler, of St. Martin le Grand of London, 44 or other fuch privileged Places, and there do live a 44 great Time, with an high Countenance of another 44 Man’s Goods and Profits of the faid Tenements 4<i and Chatties, till the faid Creditors fhall be bound 44 to take a final] Parcel of their Debt, and releafe the 44 Remnant;” 4 (2) it is ordained and aflented, That 4 if it be found that fuch Gifts be fo made by Collu-4 fion, that the faid Creditors fhall have Execution of 4 the faid Tenements and Chatties, as if no fuch Gift 4-had been made.’

CAP.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes gentz inheritez des-diverfes teriementz creanceantz' diverfes biens en monoie ou en marchandife des plufours gentz de Roialme donnont lour tenementz & chateux a lour amys par collufion davoir ent les profitz a leur vo-lente & puis fenfuent a la fraunebife de Weftm’ ou Seint Martyn le Grant en Loundres ou autres tielx places privilegeez & illoeqes vivent long temps a grant countenance dautry biens & des .profitz des ditz terres & chateux tanqe les ditz creditours fer-ront molt leez de prender une petite parcelle de lour dettes & releffer le remanant ordeigne eft & aflen • tuz qe ft purra eftre trovez qe tielx douns foient iflintfaitz par collufion qe les ditz creditours eient execution des ditz tenementz & chateux auxi avant. come nul tiel doun nent eufte efte faite.

vi r.

Woollen Cloths fhall not be tranfported before they be fulled.

4 TTEM it is ordained and defended by our, Lord 4 .1 the King, That no Woollen Cloths fhall be car-4 ried into any Part out of our Realm of England be-4 fore they be fulled ; nor that any Subfidy be thereof 4 demanded nor paid, before that they be fulled.’

I T. E M ordeigne eft & defenduz par noftre Seignur le Roi qe nulles draps de leyns foient amef-nez nulle part hors del Roialme dEngleterre devant qils foient fullez ne qe nulle fubfide ent foit de-mande ou paies devant ceo qils foient fullez.

3. c. 3.	27	//.	8.	c.	13.	33	II.	S.	c,	la,	8	El.	e.	6..	and.	10	Ann.	c,	16. which contain feme Alterations and Amendments of this A3,

C.&

33 3j

CAP. VIII.

Certain Cloths whereof no Subfidyor Aulnage fiiall be paid.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordeigne eft et eftabli qe nulle fubfide ou aulnage foient paiez.levez lie demandez des draps ap- 47Ed. 3, c. r;

pellez Frife-ware queux fount faitz en Irland ou autrement en Engleterre de leynes Irreifes amefnes deinz le Roialme dEngleterre a caufe qe celles draps ne contienent longeure et laieure ordeinee par eftatut par tant 2 Ed. 3. c. 14. ne devient eftre comprifes en les eftatutz nadgairs faitz des draps du ray et du colour-	Ed.,3-	flat.	4,

c. 1.	10	Anna?

r’	c. 16. BynlV.

Thus End the Statutes made in.the Time of the noble King Edzvard III.	I'iakmflyY

Anno primo RICHARD! Secundi..

Statutes made at Weftminfler the Firft Year of the Reign of Ki?ig Richard II. after the Conquejl of England, in the Year of our' Lord God 1377.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Load. m. 52.

RICHARD par la grace de Dieu Roi dEngleterre & de Fraunce 8c Seignour dlrland a I noftre vifcont de Midd’ faluz. Sachez qal lonour de Dieu & reverence de feinte eglil'e pur mrrir paix unite 8c concorde toutz partz deinz noire Roialme dEngleterre le quele nous defirons noultentiermentdel aflentdes Prelates Dues Contes c Barons de mefme noftre Roialme al inftance 8c fpecial requeft des communes de noftre Roialme vantdit affemblez a noftre parlement ■ tenuz a -Veftm’ a la quinfzein de Seint Michel lan de noire regne primer avons fak ordeigner 8c eftabler erteins eftatutz en amendement & relievement de. nefme noftre Roialme en la forme qe fenfuyt.-

ICHARD by the Grace of God King of' England and of France, and Lord of Ireland, to the Sheriff of *' Northampton, Greeting. * “ Know thou, that to the Honour of God and Reve-“ rence of holy Church, for to nourifli Peace, Unity,

“ and Concord in all the Parts-within our Realm of “ England (which we do much defire) by the whole “ Allent of the Prelates, Dukes,, Earls, and Barons of “ this our Realm, at the Inftance and efpecial Requeft “ of the Commons of our Realm afiembled atourrar-“ liament holden at Wefhninjler the fifteenth Day of St.

“ t Hillary, in the firft Year of our Reign, we have “ ordained and ftablifhed certain Statutes in Amend-“ ment and Relief of this our faid Realm, in Manner “ and Form following,”

MiJJ/efex i •

f Miclaetv

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Statutes not repealed.

PRimerement eft aflentuz 8c eftabliz qe feint eglife eit 8c enjoife toutes fes droitures libertes k fraunchifes entierment 8t fanz emblemeffement 8c je la Grande Chartre quel a la requeft de la elite ommune eftoit lu en dit parlement 8c auxint la dhartre de laForeft 8c toutes les autres bones orde-rances 8c eftatutz faitz en temps des progenitours loftre Seignour le Roi qore eft 8c nient repellez bleat tenuz. 8c fermement gardez en touz poyntz.

FIRST it is agreed and eftablifhed, That holy '

Church {hall have and enjoy all her Rights, Liberties, and Franchifes wholly and without Blemifh;

(2) and that the Great Charter, which at the Requeft TheGreatChar-of the faid Commons was read in the faid Parliament, ter read in Par-and alfo the Charter of the Foreft; and all other good iiamenr, Statutes and Provifions made in the Time of the Progenitors of our Lord the King that now is, and not repealed, fhall be obferved and firmly kept in all Points/	3

C A VI-

Anno primo Richardi II.

A. D. 1377.'

CAP. II.

The Peace fhall be kept, and Juftice fhall be done to all Perfons.’

ITEM, Our faid Lord the King greatly defiring the Tranquillity and Quietnefs of his People, willeth and ftraitly commandeth, That the Peace within his Realm of England be furely obferved and kept, fo that all his lawful Subjects may from henceforth fafely and peaceably go, come, and dwell according to the Law and Ufage of the Realm ; (z) and that Juftice and Right be indifferently miniftered to every Perfon.’

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM noftre Seignour le Roi defirant fove-raignement la tranquillite Sc quiete de fon poe-ple voet Sc comande eftroitement qe la paix deinz fon Roialme dEngleterre foit fermement tenuz & gardez iffint qe touz fez loialx fubgitz purront de-lore fauvement & pefiblement aler venir & demorer folone les loys & ufages du Roialme Sc qe bone juftice & owel droit foit fait a chefcuny.

3 Ed. 1. c. i

3 „U.	..	...	,,

1- Ed. 3 .fiat.

*4

3. * c. r.

3S Ed. 3. ftat, c. 4. Regift, las purpcfcs.

CAP. III.

Prelates fhall have their A&ion of Trefpafs againft Purveyors offending.

ITEM qe leftatutz nadgaires faitz en temps le noble Roi E. aiel a noftre Seignour le Roy qore eft des purveours et achatours foient tenuz et fermement gardez en toutz poyntz adjouftantz a ycell qe pur ce qe Prelatz et clercs ne purrount ent faire lours fuytes envers nully par voie de cryme come les ditz eftatutz demandent qe toutes Prelatz et clercs ent eient defore lour addons envers touz tieux purveours ou achatours par voie de trefpafs et y recoverent lour damages au treble.

3 *	“

281. 12 Car, 2. c, 24. takes away Purveyance : But fee 13 Car. z.ftat. I. c. S. and 13	14 Car. 2, c, 20, which fufpend the 12 Car. 2. for partial*

See likeivtfs the yearly Mutiny Aclu

# For Jlat% 3. re$d flat.

■CAP. IV. ■ ;

The feveral Penalties of feveral Perfons that do maintain Quarrels.

Kcl. 50. b. lutz. Mamtz- e nance, 4, 8, 9, c

30, II, 12, 13, c 34, 15, 16, I/, IS, 19, CO, Z', M, 23, 2S, 28. « Raft, jig, 417, c &c.	c

Cro. E!. 594.	t

c

c

c

Regift. 1S2, &c. t 3 Ed. 1. c. 2S & c

p ’3 ftat. I. c. 49.

H. 8. c. 9. which

T TEM it is ordained and ftabliKhed, and the King I our Lord ftraitly commandeth. That none of his Counfellors, Officers, or Servants, nor any other Perfon within the Realm of England, of whatfoever Eftate or Condition they be, fhall from henceforth take nor fuftain any Quarrel by Maintenance in the Country, nor elfewherc, upon a.grievous Pain; (z) that is to fay, the faid Counfellors and the King’s great Officers, upon a Pain which fhall be ordained by the King himfelf, by the Advice of the Lords of his Realm; (3) and other lefs Officers and Servants of the King, ns well in the Exchequer, and all his other Courts and Places, as of his own Meiny, upon Pain to lofe their Offices and Services, and to be im-prifoned, (4) and then to be ranfomed at the King’s Will, every of them according to their Degree, filiate, and Dcfert; (3) and all other Perfons through the Realm upon Pain of Imprifonment, and to be ranfomed as the other aforefaid.’

ITEM ordeine eft Sc eftabli & le Roi noftre Seignour defend eftroitement qe nul confeiler officer ou fervant nautre ovefqe lui nafeun autre perfone du Roialme dEngleterre de quel eftate ou condition qils foient nenpriegnent defore ou fufteig-nent afeun querell par mayntenance en pais ou ail-lours fur grevoufe peyne ceft affavoir les ditz con-feillers Sc grantz officers du Roi fur peyne qe ferra ordeigne par le Roi mefmes del avys des Seignours de Roialme Sc les autres meyndres officers Sc fer-vantz le Roi ftbien en Lefcheqer Sc en toutes les autres Courtes Sc places come de fa propre meignee fur peine de perdre lour offices Sc fervices & deftre emprifonez Sc dilloeqes eftre reintz a la volunte le Roi chefcun de eux folone fez degre eftat & defert Sc toutz autres perfones parmy le Roialme fur la . dite peyne denprifonement Sc deftre reintz come les autres defus ditz.

F.H. I. ft.1t. 3. c. 11.	33	Ed. 1. ftat. 3.	1	Ed.	3.	fiat.	2.	c.	14,

1 <fiic:: farther Penalties on untanv/ul Maintenance,

4. Ed. 3. c. it. 20 Ed. 3. c. 4.	1	R,	2.	c,	4.	j	R,	2.	c.	15, and fie 32

CAP. V.

The Punifhment of a Clerk of the Exchequer making Procefs for a Debt paid.

TEM it is ordained, i hat all Statutes and Ordi- " nances made before this Time of Officers of the Exchequer, be hclden and firmly kept in all Points, (z) And moreover it is ordained and eftabliftied, That at what Time any Debts be once paid, and the Tallies thereof made, rejoined, and allowed in the faid Exchequer, that this Debt fhall never come in Demand. (3) And if it fo happen, that after fuch Allowance made there, any Cleric of the Exchequer make any Writ or Procefs to levy the fame Debt of

ITEM ordeigne eft qe toutz eftatutz et ordei-gnances faitz avant fes ho.eures des officers del Efcheqer foient tenuz et fermement gardez en toutz poyntz. Et outre ce ordeigne eft et eftabliz qe a quel heure qafeuns dettes foient un foitz paiez et les tailles ent faitz rejointz et allowez en dite Ef-cheqcr qe cel dette ny courge jamais en demande. Et fil aveigne enft qapres tiel allowance fait illocqes afeun clerc du dit Efcheqer face brief ou proces pur lever mefme le dette de novel et ce duement pro-

vez

335

A.D. 1377.’	Anno	primo	Rich	a	rdi	IL	C.	6,	7.

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lon cl. vez qe meftne le clerc perde fon office et eit la prifon tanqe il avera fait gree a la partiepar tant en damage fi afeuny vorra fuyr par la diferetion dcs Treforer et Batons du dit Efcheqer.

c new, and that duly proved, the fame Clerk fhall lofe ‘ his Office, and have Imprifonment till he hath made c Gree to the Party by fo much as he is endamaged, if 5T I?:	“'L'-L

‘ any will fue, by the Diferetion of the Treafurer and Rutiard:	°

‘ the Barons of the Exchequer.’	37 Ed. 3,0.4.

CAP. VI.

Commifllons fhall be awarded to enquire of and punilh the Mifbehaviour of Villains and Land-

Tenants to their Lords.

ITEM a lagrevoufe pleint des Seignours et communes de Roialme fibien gentz de feinte eglife come au- o E»-tres fait en parlement de ceo qe en plufours Seignories et parties du Roialme dEngleterre les villeyns et terre tenantz en villenage qi deyvent fervices et cuftumes a lour Seignours ount ore novelment retret et re-treient de jour en autre lour cuftumes et fervices duez a lour ditz Seignours par confort et procurement dautres lours confeillours meyntenours et abettours en pais qont pris louer et profit des dites villeyns et terre tenantz par colour des certeins exemplifications faitz hors de livre de Domefday des manoirs & villes deinz1 queux ils font demorantz & par vertue dicelles exemplifications & lour male enterpretation dicelles ils faffer-ment deflre quites & outrement defehargez de tout manere de fervage due fibien de lour corps come de lour tenures avantditz et ne voilknt foeffrer afcun deftrefle ou autre juflice eftre fait fur eux einz manafient les miniftres de lours Seignours de vie & de membre & qe plus eft ils fe coillient enfemble a grantz routes & fentrelient par tiel confcderacie qe chefcun aidra autre a contrefter lours Seignours a fort mayn & mouts-dautres malx y font en diverfes maneres a grant damage de lour ditz Seignours ft male enfample as autres de comencer tieux riotes iffint qe fi due remedie ny foit mys le plus en haft fur les ditz rebelx-

freynour mefehief qe Dieu ne voille ent purroit fourdre parmy le Roialme ordcigne eft & eftably qe les' eignours qe fey fentenf grevez eient efpecials commifilons foutz le grande feal as Juftices de la paix ou as autres perfones fuffifantz denquer de tieux rebelx & de lour malfaitz confeillours meyntenours & abettours'

&	de faire enprifoner toutz ceux queux ent ferront enditez devant eux fibien pur le temps pafie come pur le temps avenir fanz les deliverer hors de prifon par maynpris baill nautrement fanz laflent .de lour Seignours tanqils ent foient atteintz ou aequitez & qe mcfir.es les Juftices y eient poair doier & terminer fibien a la fuyte le Roi come a la fuyte de partie. Purveuz toutz foitz qe fi les ditz villeyns ou terre tenantz' rebcalx ent foient atteintz a la fuyte des ditz Seignours ne foient ils acunement deliverez tanqe ils eient fait fin a Roi et avec ceo ils eient laifent de lours dites Seignours. Et quant as dites confeillours procurours' meyntenours & abettours foit autiel proces & fembleablement fait de eux qi ent ferrent atteintz iffint qils ne' foient acunement deliverez du prifon tanqe ils averont fait fin au Roi & gree as Seignours iffint grevez fe-lonc ceo qe lour eftates & la quantite de lour malfait demandent fi mefines les Seignours veullent fuyr envers' eux par brief ou par bill favant tout diz quant as ditz fines les franchifes & liberties des Seignours qont fines'

&	ameicicmcntz de lour tenantz. Et quant a les dites exemplifications faitz & purchacez come defus eiE dit les quelx feurent faitz venft en parlement eft declare en die parlement qe celles ne poient ne deyvent vailei ou iieu tenir as ditz viileyns &• terre tenantz quant a la fraunchife de lour corps ne a chaunger la condition de lour tenure & cuftumes aunciencment duez ne faire prejudice as ditz Seignours davoir lour" fervices et cuftumes come ils foleient dancien temps. Et ordcigne eft qe fur ceft declaration les ditz Sei-: gnurs averont lettres patentes foubz le grande feal tantz et tieux come lour ent bufoignera fils les vorronf-demander.

CAP. VII.

There fhall be no giving of Liveries for Maintenance.

ITEM pur ce qe plufours gentz de petit garifon de terre rent ou dautres pofieffions font grantz retenuz dcs gentz fibien dcfquiers come dautres en plufours parties del Roialme donantz a eux chaperons & autre livere dun fuyte par an repreignantz vers eux la value de cel livere ou par cas la double value par ticl covenant & afiurance qe chefcun de eux inayntiendra autre en toutz querelles foient eles refonables ou non refonables a grant mefehief & oppreffion du poeple ordeigne eft & aflentuz qe les eftatutz & ordenances faites en tieu cas avant fes heures foient gardez & duement executz. Et outre ce le Roi defend eftroitment qe deformes nul tiel livere ne foit done a nully pur mayntenance des que-rels nautre confederacie fur peyne denprifonement & grevoufe forfait.ure au Roi. Et enquergent dili-gealment les Juftices des affifes des touz ceux qi fe coillentenfembleen frsternitez par tiel livere affaire meynteijance & ceux qi ent ferront trovez coupa-

“ ¥ TEAR Becaufe that divers People of fmall Re-'^-EV. t.flat. 1. c< JL venue of Land, Rent, or other Pofieffions, doM9' 2% Ed. i.k “ make great Retinue of People, as well of Efquiresc' V.

c °	••	IS	El.	1. pat. 3.

as of oth-.r, in many Parts of the Realm, giving to “ them Hats and other Liveries, of one Suit by Year, V. 14,3 ^Ed. 3. -“ taking of them the Value of the fame Livery, ortuu zoEd.$,-. “ percafe the double Value, hy fuch Covenant and Af- c- 4- 1	2-

“ lurance, that every of them fhall maintain other in c' 4‘

“ all Qiiarrels, be they reafonable or unreafonable, to “ the great Mifchief and Oppreffion of the People e (2) it is ordained and aflented, That the Statutes and St?tutes or-‘ Ordinances made in fuch Cafe before this Time, be as'dm(l ‘ kept and duly executed. (3) And moreover the xheVuniffi-* c King doth ftraitly defend, that from henceforth no ment of them e fuch Livery be given to any Man for Maintenance of "-hich give Li-^

‘ Qiiarrels, nor other Confederacies, upon Pain oflm- venes for Main*

‘ prifonment and grievous Forfeiture to the King : “n:nce' c ..

‘ (4) And the Juftices of Affifes fhall diligently enquire l^aiun^uire ‘ of all them that gather them together in Fraternities 0t, and punilh

e by this Offence,

336 C. 8, g.

Anno primo Richard* II.

A. D. 1377,

See 20 R. 2.

c. 1, See farther.7 R. 2. f.,15.	3

Ax- A/. ;a TDr.'Lond. blez foient duement punys .chefcun folonc la quan-tite dcfaxlefert.

II, S. c, 9. which inf id Penalticson unlawful Maintenance.

CAP. VIII.

In what Cafe a Protection ra?» claufula Volumus is not allowable.

Reg. 22.

33 Ed. 1. fiat.-z. Stat. dcProteili onibus.

S? Ed. 3. flat. c. c. 13.	23 II,'6,

ITEM it is affented, That from henceforth no Protection with the Claufe of Volumus be allowed .before any Judge for Vidtuals taken or bought upon the Voyage or Service whereof the Protection maketh mention, nor alfo in Pleas of Trefpafs, or of other Contract, made or perpetrate after the Date of the fame Protection.’

JTEM eft affentuz qe defore nul protection ove claufe de Volumus foit allowe devant afeun Juge pur vitailles pris ou achatez fur le viage ou fervice dont la protedtion fait mention nauxint en plees de trefpas ou dautre contracte fait ou perpetrez puis la date de mefme la protection.

c- 19.

. C, 16.

Explained by 13 R. 2,-flat. I. c. 16. 14 Ed. 4, c. 2,

See farther concerning Protections 7 H. 4. c. 4.	9 H. 5. fat. 1. c. 3* 4 H. 6. c. 2. %H.	61

CAP. IX.

A Feoffment of Lands or Gift of Goods for Maintenance fhall be void. An Affife is maintainable againft the Pernor of the Profits of Lands.

1! Co. 123,

Bro. Feoffments, A

3.	19. Fitz. < Cotinterplee de < voucher, 3.

Fitz. Return de Vifcount, 5,	{

Co. Lit. 369.	1

3 H. 5. f. 4.

32 H 4. f. 21.	,

5 H. 6. f. 14.

22 H. 6. f. 16.

39 H.6. f. 44

3	Fd, 4. I. IV

4	"Ed. 4. f 17.	1

21 H. 6. f. 55.	,

Rail. 68

A Difleifee may nuiirain an Af- 1 Fife again!! the 1 Pernor of the , Profits.

Altered by 4 H.

4.	c. 7. which is '

explained by < 3i H. 6. c. 3.	<

ushered further , by 1 H ~. c. j, ( 27 H- 8- c. 10 4H.4. c.7.	1

4 H. 7. c. 24.	<

‘ TTEM, Becaufe it is complained to the King, ‘ J. that many People of the faid Realm, as well great ‘ as fmall, having right and true Title as well to Lands, ‘ Tenements, and Rents, as in other perfonal Actions, c be wrongfully delayed of their Right and Actions, ! by means that the Occupiers or Defendants to be : maintained and fuftained in their Wrong, do com-‘ monly make Gifts and Feoffments of their Lands and ; Tenements which be in Debate, and of their other : Goods and Chatties to Lords and other great Men of ! the Realm, againft: whom the faid Purfuants, for ; great Menace that is made to them, cannot nor dare 1 not make their Purfuits : (2 And alfo on the other : Part Complaint is made to the King, that oftentimes ! many People do diffeife other of their Tenements,

1 and anon after the Diffeifin done, they make divers : Alienations and Feoffments, fometime to Lords and : Great Men of the Realm to have Maintenance, and : fometime to many Perfons of whofe Names the Dif-; feifees can have no Knowledge, to the Intent to de-c fer and delay by fuch Frauds the faid Diffeifees, and 5 the other Demandants and their Heirs, of their Re-‘ covery, to the great Hindrance and Oppreffion of ‘ the People ‘ (3) It is ordained and eftablilhed, That from henceforth no Gift or Feoffment of Lands, Tenements, or Goods be made by fuch Fraud or Maintenance •, (4) and if any be in fuch wife made, they fhall be holden for none and of no Value; (3) and the ft id Diffeifees fhall from henceforth have their Recovery againft the firft Diffeifors, as well of the Lands and Tenements, as of their double Damages, without having Regard to fuch Aliena: ions, fo chat the Liffeifees commence their Suits within the Year next after the Diffeifin done. (6) And it is oidain-ed and ffablifhed. That the fame Statute fhall hold Place in every other Adftion * in Plea of Land where fuch Feoffments be made by Fraud or Collufion, to have their Recovery againft the firft fuch Feoffor. (7) And it is to wit, that this Statute ought to be underftood where fuch Feoffors thereof take the Profits.’

* Or,

ITEM pur ceo qe pleint eft fait aRoi qe plufours gentz de dite Roialme fibien ^reynares come meyndres ciantz droit & verrois titles fibien as ter-res tenementz & rentz come en autres adtions per-fonels font torcenoufement delaiez de lour droit & adlions parmy ceo qe les occupiours ou defendants pur eftre fuftenuz Sz mayntenuz en lour tort font communement dounes & feoft'ementz de lour terres & tenementz qe font en debate & de lours autres biens & chateux as Seignurs & autres grantz du Roialme vers queux les ditz purfuantz pur grant manace qe lour eft faite ne poient .ne ne ofent faire lour purfuytes & auxint dautre part pleinte eft fait qe meyntfoitz plufours gentz diffeifent autres de lour tenementz & tantoft apres ladifleifine fait font diverfes alienations & feoft’ementz afeunfoitz as Seignurs & grantz de Roialme pur meyntenance a-voir & afeunfoitz as .plufours perfones de qi nouns les diffeifez ne poent avoir coniiiance au fin dal-loigner Sc delaier par tieux fraudes les ditz diffeifez & les autres demandantz et lour heirs de lour re-coverer a grant anientiffement et oppre-ftion du poeple ordeigne eft et eftably qedeformes nulle don ou feoffement c-es terres tenementz ou biens foit fait par tiel fraude ou mayntenance et fi afeuns foient faitz tielment foient tenuz pur nulles et de nulle value et eient defore les difleifez lour reco-verir vers les primers diffeifours fibien des t rres et tenementz come de lour doubles damages fanz avoir regard as tielx alienations panflint qe les diffeifiz comencent lour fuytes deinz lan profehein apres la diffeiftne faite. Ei eft ordeigne et affentuz qe mefme cell eftatut teigne lieu en chefcun autre adfion ou pie de terreou tielx feffementz font faitz par fraude ou collufion davoir lour recoverer vers lc primer ticl feffour. Et eft affavoir qe ceft eftatut doit eftre eritenduz la ou tieux feffours ent preignent les profitz.

C A P.

A- D. 1377.

Anno primo Richard 1 II.

C. io —12.

337

CAP. X.

A Confirmation of the Pardon granted by King Edw. III. in the 51ft Year of his Reign..

Ex Rot, in Furr. Lond.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roi defirant la quiete de fon poeple voet & grante del affcnt avantdit qe lesEX[,‘ general pardon & graces queles le noble Roi E. aiel a noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft fift a fon poeple dEngleterre lan de fon'regne cynquantiftne primer teignent lieu & foient allowez en lefcheqer avantdit & aillours pur totes gentz comprifes deinz ycelles pardon & grace fibien ceftalTavoir des niefs vitailles artillerie armures & veffelmentz nient expreffez par efpecial en ycell come des toutes dettes & accoinptes & autres chofes y comprifes en general.

CAP. XI.

None that hath been Sheriff fhall be fo again within three Years.

ITEM ordeigne-eft qe nully qad efte vifcont dune conte par un an entier ne foit deinz les trois anz profcheins enfuantz reefluz ou remys en dite office de vifcont ii y foit autre fuffifant en dite contee des pofleffions et biens pur refpondre a Roi et a poeple.

TEM it is ordained, That none that hath been Sheriff of any County by an whole Year, fhall be within three Years next enfuing chofen again, or put in the fame Office of Sheriff, if there be other fuffi- Ra(K *4*' cient in the faid County of Pofleffions and Goods to 3' Blt"r anfwer to the King and his People.’

6. c, 8. *	See farther 12 Ed. 4, c, l. and 17 Ed. 4. c. 7.

before that Time-,

* Read c, 7.

c. 7.	42	Ed.	3.

c. 9. See 23 H»

'empowering Sheriffs to occupy tke'.r Offices during Michaelmas and Hillary Terms? ur.lefs difcharged

CAP. XII.

A Prifoner by Judgement fhall not be let at large. Confeffion of a Debt to the King to delay

another’s Execution.

ITEM pur ce qe diverfez gentz a fuyte de par-tie comandez a la prifone de Flete par jugement renduz en les courtes noftre dit Seignur le Roi font plufours foitz foeffertz aler a large par le gardein de la dite prifone alefoitz par maynpris ou baill et alefoitz fanz afeun maynpris avec une bafton de Flete et fen vont en paiis entour lour marchandife. et autres lour bofoignes et y font longement hors du prifon noetz et jourz fanz laffent de ceux a qi fuyte ils y font ajuggez et fanz lour gree ent faire par ont homme ne poet jamais venir a fon droit recoverer devers tieux enprifonez a grant mefehief et anien-tiffement de plufours gentz ordeigne eft et affentuz qe deformes nul gardein de la dit prifone de Flete foeffre afeun prifoner illoeqs efteantz par jugement al fuyte de partie aler hors du prifone par maynpris baill ne par bafton fanz gree faire as ditz parties de ceo pur quoi ils y eftoient ajugez ft ne foit par brief ou autre mandement du Roi fur peyne de perdre fon office et la garde de dite prifone. Et enoutre ft nul tiel gardein foit defore atteint par due proces qil avera foeffert ou leffetz tiel prifon aler a large encontre ceft ordeinance adonqes y eient les pleintifs lour recoverer vers meftnes les gardeins par briefide dette. Et auxint eft ordeine qe ft nully a fuyte du partie ajugez a autre prifon pur dette trefpas ou autre querelle fe voille conuftre voluntrement & par feynt caufe dettour a Roi & par tant eftre ajugez a la dite prifone de Flete pur greynour fuete y avoir de prifone qe aillours & iffint delaier la partie de fon recoverer foit cell reconiffance refeeu illoeqs & fil ne foit autre part dettour a Roi de recorde foit fon corps tantoft remandez a la prifone ou il eftoit devant a y demurer tanqil avera fait gree a la dite Vol.1. •

“ T T EM, Whereas divers People, at the Suit of the 3EuIftr- 97.

“ JL Party commanded to the Prifon of the Fleets by p°" A5'

“ judgement given in Courts of our Lord the King,

“ be oftentimes fuffered to go at large by the Warder) -c6* 311’.	’

“ of the Prifon, fometime by Mainprife or by Bail, Kei. *.

“ and fometimes without any Mainprife with a Bafton 3 Co• 5-> 71*

“ of the Fleet, and to go from thence into the Country ^

“ about their Merchandifes and other their Buftnefs, p;tz°’ Dene, t-“ and be there long out of Prifon Nights and Days, 67, no, 130,

“ without their Aflent at whole Suit they be judged, ifi*.

“ and without their Gree thereof made, whereby a Eltz- E«c“ter, “ Man cannot come to his Right, and Recovery againft W “ fuch Prifoners, to the great Mifchief and Undoing of ^7^°	’

“ many People:” ‘ (2) It is ordained and aflented,

1 That from henceforth no Warden of the Fleet fhall ‘ fuffer any Prifoner there being by Judgement at the ‘ Suit of the Party, to go out of Prifon by Mainprife,

‘ Bail, nor by Bafton, without making Gree to the ‘ faid Parties of that whereof they were judged, unlefs ‘ it be by Writ or other Commandment of the King,

‘ upon Pain to lofe his Office, and the Keeping of the ‘ faid Prifon. (3) And moreover, if any fuch Warden The Penalty of ‘ from henceforth be attainted by due Procefs, that he the WarJ™ of ‘ hath fuffered or let fuch Pril’oner to go at large	he

‘ againft this Ordinance, then the Plaintiffs fhall have bdng^hc^by^’ ‘ their Recovery againft'the fame Warden by Writ of judgment, to go ‘ Debt. (4) And alfo it is ordained. That if any at at large.

‘ the Suit of the Party judged to another Prifon for i3Ed- Rat.*• c Debt, Trefpafs, or other Quarrel, will confefs him- ^‘saund is c felf voluntarily, and by a feigned Caufe, Debtor to The Penalty of ‘ the King, and by that Means to be judged to the him who con-‘ faid Prifon of the Fleet, there to have greater Sweet feffeth a Debt ‘ of Prifon than elfewhere, and fo to delay the Party of due,t? the K'nE: ‘ his Recovery'; the fame Recognifance lhall be there thePsExecnion ‘ received, and if he be not Debtor to the Kfng of Re-‘ cord, his Body fhall incontinently be remanded to ‘ the Prifon where he was before, there to remain till ‘ he hath made Gree to the faid Party, and the fame X x	>	*	Gree

By 7 H. 4. c. 4.

r<o Protection allowable far a Gaoler •who lets Prijoner

a Inft. 4S9,

The Penalty of thofe which do procure fuch Indictments.

30 Ed. 4. 3. b.

50 Ed. 3. c, 5. Enforced by

1	Mar. fell* 2. c. 3.

2	Kulfh 72. ?.Cf. 321. p!. 4.

C. 13—15.

Anno primo Richard 1 II.

A. D. 1377.

‘ Grce made, he (hall be immediately fent again to the 4 Fleett there to abide, till he hath made Gree to the c King of his Recognifance aforefaid.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. partie & cell gree fait foit immediat remandez a Flete pur y demurer tanqil avera fait gree a Roi de fa reconifiance avantdite.

C A P. XIII.

Ecclefiaftical Judges fhall not be vexed for Suits for Tithes in a Spiritual Court:

“ |TEM, The Prelates and Clergy of this Realm 44 J do greatly complain them, for that the People “ of holy Church, purfuing in the Spiritual Court for “ their Tithes, and their other Things, which of right 44 ought, and of old Times were wont to pertain to “ the fame Spiritual Court, and that the Judges of “ holy Church, having Cognifance in fuch Cafes, and 44 other Perfons thereof meddling according; to the 44 Law, be nralicioufly and unduly for this Caufe in-“ didled, irnprifoned, and by Secular Power horribly “ oppreffed, and alfo enforced with Violence by Oaths 44 and grievous Obligations, and many other Means “ unduly compelled to defift and ceafe utterly of the “ Things aforefaid, againft the Liberties and Fran-chifes of holy Church:” 4 (2) Wherefore it is af-4 fented, That all fuch Obligations made or to be made

*	by Durefs or Violence, fhall be of no Value. And 4 as to thofe that by Malice do procure fuch Indiift-4 ments, and to be the fame Indidlors, after the fame c Indictees be fo acquit, fuch Procurers fhall have and ‘ incur the fame Pain that is contained in the Statute ‘ of IVeftminfter the Second, of thofe which procure 4 falfe Appeals to be made. And the Juftices of Afli-‘ fes, or other Juftices, before whom fuch Indidtees

*	fhall be acquit, fhall have Power to inquire of fuch ‘ Procurers and Indi&ors, and duly to punifli them ac-‘ cording to their Defert.’

ITEM les prelatz & le clergie de dit Roialme fe pleignont grandement de ce qe les gentz de feint eglife purfuiantz en court Chriftiene pur lour dif-nies & autres chofes quele de droit deyvent & de aunciene foleient appartenere a mefme la court Chriftiene & les Juges de feint eglife coniflantz en tiels caufes & autres perfones foy erit entremettantz folonc la leye font malicioufment & nonduement par celle caufe enditez enprifonez & par feculer poair orriblement oppreffez & auxint efforcez ove violence par fermentz & grevoufes obligations & moutz dautres maners non duement compulfez a defifter & cefler outrement es chofes defufdites en-contre les libertees & fraunchifes de feint eglife par quoy eft affentuz qe touz tielx obligations faitz ou affairs par durece & violence ne feient jammes daf-cun value. Et quant a ceux qi procurent par malice tieux enditementz & deftre mefmes des endi-tours apres ceo qe les enditez ent font aquitez eient & encourgent tieux procurours &. enditours mefme la peyne qeft contenue en leftatut de Weftm’ fe-conde de ceux qi procurent faux appelles eftre faitz. Et eient les Juftices des affiles ou autres Juftices devant queux tieux enditez ferront aquitez poiair denquerre de tieux procurours & enditours & de les" punir duement chefcun folonc fon deferU

CAP. XIV.

In an A£Hon of Goods taken away, the Defendant maketh Title for Tithes due to the Church.

4 T TEM it is accorded, That at what Time that 6 JL any Perfon of the holy Church be drawn in Plea 4 in the Secular Court for his own Tithes taken, by ‘ the Name of Goods taken away, and he which is fo * drawn in Plea maketh an Exception, or alledgeth, ‘ that the Subftance and Suit of the Eufinefs is only 4 upon Tithes due of Right and of PofTeffion to his ‘ Church, or to another his Benefice, that in fuch cafe 4 the gen ral Averment fhall not be taken without 4 fhewing fpccially how the fame was his Lay-chattel.’

IT EM eft aflentuz qe a quel heure qe afeun per-fone de feint eglife foit treet en plee en court feculer pur fes propres difmes prifez par noun des biens enportez & celui qe enfi ent eft treet en plee' face exception ou allegge qe la fubftance & fource de la bofoigne foit foulement fur difmes duez de droit & pofteflion de fa eglife ou a autre fon benefice qe en tieu cas general averementne foit jammes pris ianz monftrer matier efpecial coment ceo fuift lay chatell,.

C A P. XV.

The Penalty for arrefling of Priefts during Divine Service.

“ TTEM, Becaufe that Brelates do complain them-44 JL felves, that as well beneficed People of holy 44 Church, as other, be arrefted and drawn out as well 44 of Cathedral Churches, as of other Churches and 44 their Churchyards, and fometime whiles they be in-44 tending to Divine Services, and alfo in other Places, 44 although they be bearing the Body of our Lord Jefus 44 Chriftto fick Perfons, and fo arrefted and drawn out, 44 be bound and brought to Prifon againft the Liberty 44 of holy Church 4 (2) It is ordained, That if any 4 Minifter of the King, or other, do arreft any Per-4 fon of holy Church by fuch Manner, and thereof be ‘ duly convi6t, he fhall have Imprifonment, and then 4

ITEM pur ce qe les Prelatz fe font pleindre qe fibien gentz de feint eglife beneficiez come autres font areftuz & horstretz fibien des efglifes cathe-drales come des autres efglifes & lour cimiters & tant come ils font alefoitz entendantz a divines fer-vices & auxint en autres lieux tout foient ils por-tantz le corps noftre Seignur Jefu Ciift as malades & iffint areftuz & horftretz font liez & menez en prifone encontre la fraunchife de feint eglife or-deigne eft qe ft nulle miniftre du Roi ou autre face arefter afeun perfone de feint eglife pnr tie] manere & ent foit duement convict eit la prifone & ent foit reint al volunte le Roi et face gree as parties ifTint

areftuz

c. r$.	339

A. D. 1377.	Anno	primo	Richardi	II.

Ex Rot. in Tun\ Lond. areftuz purveue toutfoitz qe les dites gentz de feint eglife ne fe tiegnent deinz les eglifes ou fandtuaries par fraude ou collufion en afcun manere. Et pur ce vous mandons qe toutes les dites eftatutz facez crier et publier et fermement tener parmy voftre baiily felonc la forme et tenure dicelles et ce ne lef-fez en afcun manere. Don’ par tefmoignance de noftre grande feal a Weftm’le primer jour de Fe-verer lan de noftre regne primer.

4 be ranfomcd at the King’s Will, and make Gree to 4 the Parties fo arrcfted; (3) provided always, That Brownl. 301,' 4 the faid People of holy Church fhall not hold them 4 within the Churches or Sandluaries by Fraud or Col-4 lufion in any Manner. (4) And therefore we com-* mand, That thou caufe all the faid Statutes to be 4 cried and publilhed, and firmly kept through thy 4 Bailiwick, according to the Form and Tenour there-4 of, and that do not omit in any wife. Given under 4 the Witnefs of our Great Seal the firft Day of Fe-4 bruary, in the firft Year of our Reign.’

Confimiles liter a diriguntur ftngulis vicecomitibns per Angliam fv.b eadem data.

Statutes made at Gloucefter, Anno 2 Rich. II. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dom. 1378.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 24.

LE Roi a vifcont de Kent faluz. Savoir vous faceons qe a noftre parlement tenuz a Glou-ceftre le Meflcerdy profchein apres le fell de feint Luk darrein pafle entre autres chofes illoeqes aflentuz et accordez eftoient faitz certeins eftatutz et ordinances fibien pur commune profit come par maintenance de la paix dcins noftre dit Roialme en h forme qenfuyt.

“ /^.UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holder* “I J) at Gloucejler the JVed?iefday next after the “	Feaft of St. Luke, the fecond Year of his

44 Reign, amongft other Things there aflented and ac-44 corded, hath made certain Statutes and Ordinances, 44 as well for the common Profit of the Realm, as for 44 the Maintenance of the Peace of his faid Realm, in “ the Form following.”

CAP. I.

All Merchants may buy and fell within the Realm without Difturbance.

PRimerement pur ce qe avant ces heures en temps le noble Roy E. aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft en fes parlementz tenuz a Everwyk et Weftm’ et auxint a noftre Sei: nur le Roi qore eft en ceft prefent parliament grante pleinte ad efte faite de ceo qe en plufours citees burghs portz de meer et autres lieux deinz le Roialme dEngleterre grauntes damages et outrageoufes dureces eftoient et unqore font faitz au Roi et a tout fon Roialme par les citeins burgeys et autres gentr des citees burghs et dautres villes et lieux defl’ufdites qi »a-voient foeffertne unqore foeffrent marchantz eftran-ges nautresqi amefnent carient ou pcrter.t par meer et par terre vyns avoir de pois vivres vitailles et autres chofes vendables necefiaivs et profitables fibien pur le Roi les Prelatz et Seignurs come pur tout la commune de la terre vendreou bailier les ditz vyns vivres vitailles ne les autres chofes vendables as autres qe a eux mefmes des citees burghs portz de meer & les autres lieux as queux yceux vines vitailles ou autres chofea' vendables furent & font amefnez cariez ou portezl& par tant ft eient efte Sc unqore font mefmes les chofes mifes & venduz au Roi as Seignurs Si a fon dit poeple en & par les mains des citeins burgeis Sc autres gentz deinzeins a trop grant & exceffive chiertc outre ce qils euf-fent efte fi les ma'rchantz eftranges & autres qe fount venir tiels chofes deins le Loialme les pur-roient franchemcnt avoir venduz a qi qils voufiilcnt nauxint ont volue loeffrer ne unqore foeffrent les marchantz eftranges queux viegnent & vorroient venir deinz le Roialme pur achater des levns & dautres marchandifes crefiant-; deinz mefme le Roialme akr converfer merchandcr ou demorer franchement

“ XT' IRS T, P.ecaufe that before this Time in Time 9 n. 3. put. x.

“ 1ft of the noble King Edward, Grandfather to*-3°- * s* “ our Lord the King that now is, in his Parliaments c-9- 9El3,3-“ holden at York and JFeJbninJler, and alfo in this pre- c.\ ^at.z. “ fent Parliament, great Complaint hath been made to f.i, '^Ed.3. “ our faid Lord, for that in many Cities, Boroughs; flat. 4. c. 2.

“ Ports of the Sea, and other Places within the Realm “ of England, great Damages and outragious Grie-44 "vances have been, and yet be done to the King, and “ to all his Realm, by the Citizens, Burgefies, and “ other People of Cities, Boroughs, and other Towns 44 and Places aforefaid, which have not fuffered, nor 44 yet will fuffer, Merchants Strangers, nor other that 44 do bring, carry, or convey by Sea or by Land Wines,

44 Avoir ds pois, Suftenance, Victuals, or other things “ vendible, profitable, and neceflary, as well for the 44 King, the Prelates, and Lords, as for all the Com-44 munalty of his Land, to fell or deliver the faid Wines,

44 Suftenance, Victuals, nor other Things vendible,

44 to any other than to them of the fame Cities, Bo-44 roughs, Ports of the Sea, and other Places, to which 44 fuch Wines, Suftenance, Victuals, or other Things 44 vendible were and be brought, carried, and con-44 veyed ; (2) and by fo much thofe Things have been, The Inconve-“ and yet be fold and fet to the King, to his Lords, niendeser,iving 44 and to all his People, by the Hands of the Citizens, ^ retraining 44 Burgefies, and other People Denizens, to a great fc^goTvic-1™ 44 and exceffive Dearth, over that they fnould have tu,ds where they 44 been, if the Merchants Strangers, and other which will.

44 bring fuch Things into the Realm, might freely bat e 44 fold them to whom they would ; (3) nor alfo would 44 not, nor yet will fuffer the Merchants Strangers that 44 do come, or would come within the Realm, to buy “ Woolls and'other Merchandifes growing within ihe X x 2	4 Realm,



34-0

Stat. i.

Anno fecundo Richardi II.

Merchants	'

Strangers may ( buy or fell all Things vendible within the Reaim,

Altered by 16

R. 2. C. X,

* At.

Aliens muft fell their vVines in Grofs, and not by Retale. Altered by II R. 2. c. 7.

What Ccmmo- * dities Merchants 1 Aliens or Deni- , zens may fell in Grofs, and ■which by Re- 1 talc, and to ' whom.

Realm, to go, travel, and merchandife, or abide freely as they were wont to do, to the great Damage of the King, of the Prelates, of the Lords, and of all the Realm, and againft the common Profit, and againft the Statutes and Ordinances thereof made in 'Times pall: in the faid two Parliaments‘ (4) Our Lord the Kingconfidering clearly the coining of Merchants Strangers within the P,ealm to be very profitable for many Caufes to all the Realm, by the Af-fent cf the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and of the Commons of the Realm, hath ordained and fta-blifhed, That all Merchants Aliens, of what Realms, Countries, or Scignories that they come, which be of the Amity of the King, and of his Realm, may from henceforth fafely and furely come within the Realm of England, and in all Cities, Boroughs, Ports of the Sea, Lairs, Markets, or other Places within the Realm, within Franchife and without, and abide with their Goods and all Merchandifes under the Safeguard and Protection of the King as long as fhall pleafe them, without Diflurbance or denying of any Perfon. ($) And that as well thofe. Merchants Aliens * and Denizens, and every of them, that will buy and fell Corn, Flelh, Fifh, and all Manner other Victuals and Suftenance, and alfo all Manner of Spi-ceries, Fruit, Fur, and all Manner of fmall Wares, as Silk, Gold Wire, or Silver Wire, Coverchiefs, and other fuch fmall Ware, may from henceforth freely and without denying or any Manner of Disturbance, as well in the City of London, as in all Cities, Boroughs, Ports of the Sea, Fairs, Markets, and other Places within the Realm, fell and buy in Grofs and by Parcels, to whom and of whom they pleafe. Denizens or Foreigners, (6) except the King’s Enemies, and except that all Manner of Wines, as well fweetas other, fhall be fold by the-faid Strangers in Grofs, and by whole Veffels, as they be brought into the Realm, and not at R.etale by any in the faid Cities, Boroughs, and other Towns franchifed, but only by the Inhabitants and Freemen in the fame. (7) And as to all other great Wares, as Cloth of Gold and Silver, Silk, Sendai, Napery, Linen-Cloth, Canvas, and other fuch great Wares, and alfo all Manner of other great Merchandifes not above ex-prefied, whatfoever they be, from henceforth as well Aliens as Denizens, as well in the City of London, as in other Cities, Boroughs, Ports of the Sea, Towns, Fairs, Markets, and elfewhere through the faid Realm, within Franchife and without, may fell the fame in Grofs to every Perfon Foreign or Denizen that will buy the fame freely and without denying (except to the King’s Enemies and the Realm’s) as well by the Bale, Cloth, or by whole Pieces at their Pleafure, and not at Retalc, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame Merchandifes, but only the Citizens and Burgeffes in their own Cities and Boroughs, and other good Towns franchifed, to whom (and to none other flrange Merchant of their Franchife) they may; (R) and it fhall be lawful to them without Impeachment, to unfold, undo, and cut in the fame their proper Cities, and Boroughs, the great Merchandifes, and other great Wares aforefaid, and as well the fame, as Wines and other Merchandifes whatfoever, there to fell in Grofs and by Retale at their Pleafure, paying all the Cufloms and Subfidies due, notwithstanding any Statutes, Ordinances, Charters, Judgements, Allowances, Cufloms, and Ufages made or fullered to the contrary ; (9) which 3

A. D. 1378.

Ex Rot. in LurV. Lond. come ils foloient faire a grant damage de Roi des Prelatz des Seignurs & de tout le Roialme St en--contre commune profit St encontre les eflatutz &• ordinances ent faitz avant ces heures en-les deux parlementz avantdites noftre Seignour le Roi con-fiderant clerement la venue des merchantz eflran--ges deinz le Roialme eflre bien & profitable par-' moelt des caufcs a tout le Roialme avantdit deb affent des Prelatz Dues Countes Barons & de la-cornmune de fon Roialme ad ordeignez & eftabliz qe tous merchantz aliens de quelcouqes Roialmes paiis ou Seignouries qils veignent qi foient del amiftee noftre Seignour le Roi Sc de fon Roialme puiffent defore fauvement St feurement venir deinz le Roialme dFngleterre St en qeconqes citees burghs portz de meer feires merches ou autres lieux deinz mefmc le Roiaime deinz fraiidtifies dehors demorer ovefqe lour biens St merchandifes qeconqes fouz le faufe garde Sc protection noftre Seignour le Roi tant fi longement come lour plerra; fanz defturbance ou contredit de perfone qeconqe. Ft qe fibien yceux mirchantz aliens come den-zeins qeconqes St chefcun de eux qi achatre ou vendre voillent bledz chare peffon St totes ma-neres dautres vivres & vitailles & auxint totes ma-neres des fpiceries de fruit de pellure St des menues ou petites merceries come foy file dore St dargent coverchiefs St autres tiels petites merceries les pu-iffent defore franchement & farlz contredit ou de-ftourbance qeconqe fibien en la Citee de Londres come en touz les autres citees burghs portz de meer feires merchees St autres lieux deinz le Roialme vendre St achatre en.groos St par parcelles a qi St de qi qe lour pleft forein St deinzin horfpris les enemys noftre Seignour !e Roi St horfpris qe toutes maneres de vins fibien douces come autres y ferront venduz par les ditz eftrangers en groos paries veffeab; entiers ficome ils font amefnez deinz le Roialme St nemye a retaille par nully es dites citees burghs & autres bones villes enfranchifez. finon foulement par les enheritantz St enfranchifes en ycelles. Et quant a tous les autres grofies merceries come draps'dore dargent"de foye de fendale' de naparie de linge teel de canevace St dautres tielx grofies merceries & auxint totes maneres dautres grofies merchandifes nient exprefles pardefius qeconqes qe celles feient les puiffent defore fibien a-liens come deinzeins tant en la dite Citee de Londres come es autres citees burghs portz villes feires marchees St arllours parmy le Roialme avantdit de— inz franchifes& dehors a qeconqe perfone forein ou' denizin qi achatre les vorra forfprrs les enemys du Roi St de fon Roialme franchementz St fanz contredit qeconqe vendre en groos tantfoulement come par bale drap ou par la piece entier a lour pleifer & noun pas a retaille fur peine de forfaiture de ycelles merchandifes forfqe foulement les citeins St burgeis en lour propres citees St burghs St autres bones villes enfranchifes as queux St a'nul autre eflraunge merchant de lour franchife bien life & purront ils fanz empefehement depefeer tailler & trencher en yceux lour propres citees St burghs les grofies merceries St autres grofies merchaundifcs avantdites & fibien ycelles come vins & autres mer-chaundifes quelconqes illoeqes vendre en groos ct a retaill a lour plefaunce paiantz toutes voies les cu-Itumes et fubfides duez nient contrefleautz eflatutz ordeignaunces chartres juggementz allouances cult umes

A. D. 1378.

Anno fecundo Richardi IJ.

Stat. r. 341

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud, flumes et ufages faitz ou fuffertz au ctmtrairc les queux chartres et fraunchifes fi nulles y foient font oultrcment repellez et adnullez come chofe faite ufe ou grante encontre .commune profit en oppreflion de poeple. Salvant toutdys as Prelatz et Seignours du Roialme enticrment.lour liber.tees et fraunchifes qils purront faire lour purvoiances et achatz des vi-tails et dautres lour necefiairs come ils foleient faire dauncien temps et favant qe les ordinances faitz avant ces heures de leftaple cle Caleys foient tenusr cn lour force et vertu. lit neft my lentention du Roi-noftre Seignour qe les merchantz eflraunges ou deinzcms qe vorront achatre ou vendre leyns peaux linutz mercerie draps feer et autres merchandifcs cs feirees et marchees en paiis y foient par cefle eftatiit reftreinlz ou deftourbezde vendre et achatre franchement en gros ou a retaill come ils foleient faire dauncientee. Et fi enfy aviegne qe defore deflurbaunce foit fait a nul merchant alien ou dcn-zein ou autre fur la vente des tieles chofes en citee burgh ville port de meer ou autre lieu qait fraun-chiles encontre la fourmc de cefle ordinance et les mair ba:31 its ou autres qe ont. garde de la dite fraunchife requiz par les dites merchantz ou autre cn lour noun de ent faire remedie et ils nel font niye ct de ce foient atteintz foit la fraunchife pris cn la main le Roi et nientmeins foient ceux qave-ront fait celle deflurbaunce contre cell eftatut te-nuz de rendre et reflorer au pleintif fes damages qil avera foeft'ert par celle enchefon au double. Et fi tiele deflurbaunce foit fait as tieux merchauntz ou as autres es villes et lieux ou fraunchife nefl my ct le Seignour fil foit prefent ou fon baillif conltable ou autre gardein des dites villes et lieux en abfence des Seignours ent requiz de faire droit et nel facent et de ceo foient atteintz rendent les damages au pleintif au double auxi come deffus eft dit et les deftourbours en lun cas et en lautre auxibien deinz fraunchifes come dehors fils foient atteintz eicnt la prifone dun an et ent foientz reintz a la volente le Roi. Et auxint eft ordeigne et eftabli qe le Chaun-celler .Treforer et Juftices affignez a tenir les plees le'Roi es lieux ou ils viegnent enquergent des tiels deftourbaunces & grevaunces & facent puniflemtnt felonc ce qe par defus eft ordeigne. Et nient-miens qe le Roi face affigner par commiflion cer-teins gentz ou & 'quant lui plerra denquerre de tielles deftourbaunces Sc grevances & de faire pu-niffement de trefpafours en ceile partie come deffus eft dit..

Charters and Franchifes, if any there be, they fhall be utterly repealed and adnulled, as a Thing made, ufed, or granted againft the common Profit, or Op-preffion of the People : (10) Saving always to Prelates and Lords of the Realm wholly their Liberties and Franchifes, that they may make their Purveyances and Buyings of Victuals, and of other their Neccftafies, as they were wont to do in old Time,

(11) and faving that the Ordinances made before this Time of the Staple of Calais be holden in their Force and Virtue. (12) And it is not the King’s Mind, The Penalty ef that Merchants Strangers or Denizens, that will buy them which do and fell their Woolls, Woollfels, Wares, Cloths, " ;M'VV Iron, and other Merchandifes, at Fairs and Markets aniTfeil Wares in the Country, fhould be reftrained or difturhed by at their Plca-this Statute to fell or buy freely inGrofs or at Retale, fures, and of as they were wont to do heretofore. (13) And if it chief Officers fo happen, that from henceforth Difturbance be made thef^Dulmlfcis. ■ to any Merchant Alien or Denizen, or other, upon ; the Sale of fuch Things in City, Borough, Town, •

; Port of the Sea, or other Place that hath Franchife,-; againft the Form of this Ordinance ; and the Mayor,

; Bailiffs, or other that have the keeping of fuch Fran-; chife, required by the faid Merchants, or other in ; their Name, thereof to make Remedy, do not the-1 fame, and thereof be attainted, the Franchife ftiall ; be feifed into the King’s Hand ; and neverthelefs, •

; they that have done fuch Difturbance againft this Sta-; tute, fhall be bound to render and reftore to the Plain-; tiff his double Damages that he hath fuffered by this Occafion. (14) And if fuch Difturbance be made to fuch Merchants or to other in Towns and Places-where no Franchife is, and the Lord, if he be pre--fent, or his Bailiff, Conftable, or other Warden of the Towns and Places, in Abfence of the Lords thereof, required to do Right, and do not, and thereof be duly attainted, they, fhall yield to the Plaintiff his-double Damages, as afore is faid, and the Difturbers in the one Cafe and the other, as well within Franchifes as without, if they be attainted, fhall have one Year’s Imprifonment, and he ranfomed at the King’s-Will. (15) And it is ordained and eftablifhed, That the Chancellor, Treafurer, and Juftices affigned to-hold Pleas of the King in the Places where they come, fhall diligently inquire of fuch Difturbances and Grievances, and do Puniflnnent according as afore is--ordained. (r6) And neverthelefs, the King fhall af-ftgn by Commiffion certain People, where and when---fhall pleafe him, to inquire of fuch Difturbances and Grievances, and to punlfh the Offenders in this Party, SV 72 ft -j c. 5. as before is faid.’	am^rmvg au*-

chant Adventu-

CAP. II.

A' Confirmation of the Statute of 25 Edw. 3. Stat. 4. cap. 3. againft Foreftallers.-

ITEM eft ordene & eftabli qe leftatut fait en temps le dit Roi laiel lan de fon regne dEngleterre xxv. de Altered 5*6 Forftallours des vins & vitailles merces et merchaundifes quelconqes qe viegnent a les bones villes deinz EJ. 6. c. 14.,• le Roialme par terre ou par eawe foit tenuz Si fermement gardez en toutz pointz fc mys emdue execution pur le commune profit du Roialme avantdit. •

c a p. nr:.

Merchants of the Weft may buy Merchandifes, fo that they find Sureties to carry them to ther

Weft, or to Calais.

ITEM ordene eft & afTentuz qe touz merchantz de Jene Venice Catiloigne Aragon & dautres Roialmes-O Jt,

Si terres £» paiis vers le Weft efteantz del amiftee r.oftre Seignur le Roi qi.-vorront-antefner a Hampton1

-34-2

Anno fecundo Richardi II

A. D. 1378

Stat. 1?

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond,

ou aillours deinz le Roialme earraks niefs galeys 011 autres veffeulx chargez ou defchargez y puiffent fraun-chement vendre lours merchaundifes a qi lour pleft per manere qe defius eft dit Sc illoeqes recharger lour ditz veffeulx des leynes quirs peaux lanutz plumb efteyn Sc dautres merchaundifes de leftaple & fraunche-ment les amefner en lour paiis vers le Weft paiantz es portz ou ils les chargeront toutes maneres des cuftumes fubfides Sc autres devoirs de Caleys auxi avant come ent paieront fils amefnaffent mefmes les merchandifes a leftaple de Caleys pariffint qils troeffent feurete fuffifante qils les amefneront iflint devers le Weft Sc nulle part aillours devers leEft finon qe a leftaple de Caleys ft par cas ils y vorront aler fur la peine .de forfaiture devant fes heures ordene.

CAP. IV.

The Penalty of Mariners retained to ferve the King on the Sea, which do depart without

Licence.

Altered-,18 IT. ts VTEM, Becaufe that divers Mariners, after that 5 El *9' ^	“ A thef *3e arreft('d and retained for the King’s Ser-

5 vice upon the Sea in Defence of the Realm, and A (s' M. c. 3. “ thereof have received their Wages pertaining, do flee i’jfuije 1 (zf 3	44	out of the faid Service without Licence of the Ad-

j»”/r c‘ 6iis°r “ rnirals, or of their Lieutenants, to the great Damage grixtf. anil <c °f tbe King and his Realm, and Hinderance of the f 31 fef 37 44 faid Voyages:” 4 it is ordained and ftablilhed, That tempting Free- * all thofe Mariners, which from henceforth lhall do in ani Seamen <■ fUch Manner, and that truly found and proved be-*-America. e fore the Admiral, or his Lieutenant, ftiall be holden

4 to reftore to our faid Sovereign Lord the King, the 4 double of that they have taken for their Wages ; and 4 neverthelefs ftiall have one Year’s Imprifonment,

‘ without being delivered by Mainprize, Bail, or by ‘ other Way. And the King will and commandeth ‘ to all Sheriffs, Mayors, and Bailiffs, within Fran-‘ chifes and without, That at the Certification of the ‘ faid Admirals, or their Lieutenants, by their Letters 4 thereof to be made,-teftifying the faid Proof, fhall « Waiting any ‘ incontinent, without tarrying *, make another Corn-other com-	4	mandment of the King our Sovereign Lord, to take

oandtner.r.	t	and attach ail fugitive Mariners by their Body, with-

4 in their Bailiwicks, within Franchifes and without, 4	and put them in Prifon, there to abide in good and

4	fure keeping, till they have made Gree to tbe King

4 as afore is faid, and thereof have a fpecial Command-4 ment of our Sovereign Lord the King of their De-4 liverancc. And like Punifhments fhall be made of 4 Serjeants of Arms, Mafters of Ships, and all other,

4 that ftiall be attainted, by Enquiiy before the Ad -4 miral, or his 'Lieutenant aforefaid, that they have 4 any Thing taken of the faid Mariners, for to fuffer 4 them to go at large out of the faid Service, after that '4 they have been arrefted for the fame Service.’

ITEM pur ceo qe plufours mariners apres ce qils font areftuz & retenuz pur fervice du Roi fur la meer en defence de Roialme Sc ent ont refeeuz lours gages appurtenantz fenfuent hors du dit fervice fanz conge des Admiralx ou de lour lieute-nantz a grant damage du Roi noftre Seignur Sc du Roialme Sc arreriffement de fes viages avauntditz ordene eft & eftabli qe touz ceux mariners queux defore ferront en tielle manere & cela trovez Sc provez veritablement devant le Admiral ou fon lieutenant foient tenuz de reftorer a noftre Seignur le Roi le double de ce qils averont pris pur lour gages nientmeins eient la prifone dun an fanz ent eftre deliverez par mainprife bailie ou par autre voie. Et le Roi voet & comande a touz vifeontz mairs Sc bailifs deinz franchifes Sc dehors qe a la certification des ditz Admiralx ou lour lieutenants par lours lettres ent affairs tefmoignantes la dite proove facent tantoft fanz attendre autre mande-ment de Roi noftre Seignur prendre & attacher touz ceux mariners futifs par lour corps deinz lour baillies deinz franchifes Sc dehors Sc les mettre en prifone illoeqes a demurer en bon Sc feure garde tanqe ils averont fait gree au Roi come defus eft dit Sc ent eient fpecial mandement de Roi noftre Seignur de lour deliverance. Et autiel puniffement foit fait des fergeantz darmes maiftres des niefs Si touz autres qe ferront atteintz par enquerre devant lad-mirall ou fon lieutenant avantdit qils eient rienz pris des ditz mariners pur lour foefrer aler a lour large hors del fervice avantdit apres ceo qils eient efte areftuz purmefine le fervice.

C A P. V.

The Penalty for telling flanderous Lyes of the Great Men of the Realm.'

31 Co. T34.	44

Vaughw 139. cc Palmer 56;,	<c

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

5i?rJod. 98, 261. CC

CC

cc

cc

cc

ITEM, Of Devifors of falfe News and of hor- I TTEM de controvours de faux novels & court-rible and falfe Lyes, of Prelates, Dukes, Earls, ’ JL tours des horribles et fauxes menfonges des Pre-Barons, and other Nobles and Great Men of the ! latz Dues Countes Barons Sc autres nobles Sc grantz Realm, (z) and alfo of the Chancellor, Treafurer, de Roialme & auxint del Chauncellcr Treforer Clerk of the Privy Seal, Steward of the King’s Clerk de prive feal Senefchal del Hoftel noftre Houfe, Juftices of the one Bench or of the other, i Seignur le Roi Juftices del un Bank Sc del autre Sc and of other Great Officers of the Realm, of-Things j dautres grantz officers du Roialme des chofes qe which by the faid Prelates, Lords, Nobles, and Of- par les ditz Prelatz Seignurs Sc officers ne furent ficcrs aforefaid, were never fpoken, done, -nor unqes parlez touchez ou penfez en grant efclaun-thought, (3) in great Slander of the faid Prelates, dre ties Prelatz Seignurs nobles & officers avant-Lords, Nobles, and Officers, whereby Debates and , ditz par ont debatz & defcordes purroient fourdre Difiords might arife betwixt the faid Lords, or be- parentre les ditz Seignurs ou parentre les Seignurs twe"n the Lords and the Commons (which God i & communes qe Dieu ne veulle & dont grant pe-forbiJ) and whereof great Peril and Mifchief might I ril Sc mefehief purroit avenir a tout le Roialme Sc

legcrement

A. D. 1378.

Anno fecundo Richardi II.

Stat.

343

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Iegerement fubverfton & dcftrubtion del Roialme avantdit ft due remede ny fuifle mys eft defenduz eftroitement & fur grief peine pur efehuer les damages & perils avantditz qe defore nul foit ft hardi de controver dire ou counter afeune fauxe novelle menfonge ou autre tiel fauxe chofe dcsPrelatz Seig-nurs & les autres dcfufditz dont defcord ou efclaun-dre aucune puifle fourdre deinz mefirie le Roialme et qi le fra eit et encourge la paine autrefoitz ent ordenez par eftatut de Weftm’ primer qe voet qil foit pris et emprifonez jcqes a tant qil eit trovez celluy dont la parole’ferra moevez.

44 come to all the Realm, and quick Subverfion and 44 Deftruflion of the faid Realm, if due Remedy be 44 not provided:” ‘ (4) It is ftraitly defended upon jBulft. 135,

4 grievous Pain, for to efehew the faid Damages and 1 Leorl si>7-4 Perils, that from henceforth none be fo hardy to de-4 vife, fpeak, or to tell any falfe News, Lyes, or other ^d"'2’52'

4 fuch falfe Things, of Prelates, Lords, and of other cro. El. 1.

4 aforefaid, whereof Difcord or any Slander might rife Cro. Car. 135.-4 within the fame Realm; (5] and he that doth the Joncs r9+-4 fame fhall incur and have the Pain another Time or- R>fl' 393‘

4 dained thereof by the Statute of TVeJiminJler the Firft,

4 which will, that he be taken and imprifoned till he 3 Ed- 1-c- 34-4 have found him of whom the Word was moved.’	c.n.

Confirmed and extended by i & z Ph. & M. c. 3. and j El. c. 6**

CAP. VI.

CommifTions" fhall be awarded to arreft Riotors, and other Perfons offenfive to the Peace, and '

to imprifon them.

TEM pur ceo qe noftre Seignur le Roi ad entenduz fibien par moeltz des pleintz a luy faitz come par's.™. by 2 R. 2. la notoritee de la chofe qc fibien piufours des lieges noftre Seignur le Roi en diverfes parties del Roialme/''

n.it. 1. ’ c. 1.

I ............I .......................................  .	    I

come auxint les gentz dc Gales en le countee de Hereford &c les gentz de countee de Ceftre en les countees	5

joinantz a Ceftreftffre aucuns de eux claimant avoir droit as diverfes terres tenementz & autres pofleftions	^

h aucuns efpiantz dames & damoifeles nient mariez & aucuns defirantz a faire maintenance en lour mar-

4.07.

>3*.

2 H. 5.

chees fe coillent enfemble a grant nombre des gentz armez & archers a fier de guerre & foi entrelient par c. s.' 1 EJ. 6.-ferement & par autre confederacie nient eiant confideration a Dieu ne as loys de feinte	efglife ne de	la	c.iz.aniiGu,

terre ne a droit ne a juftice einz refufantz & entreleflantz tout proces de ley chivachent	en grantz routes	I-

en plufours parties dEngleterre & preignent poflefiion & fe mettent einz en diverfes marioirs terres & Cgc" “ autres pofleftions de lour propre aubcoritee & les tiegnent longement a tiel force y- feifantz moudes maters dapparaillementz de guerre & en aucuns lieux raviflent dames & damoifeles & les enmefnent en eftraunge paiis ou leur plcft & en aucuns lieux en tieux routes gifeiit en agaite et batent mahaiment mor-drent et tuont les gentz pur lour femmes et biens avoir et celles femmes et biens reteignont a lour propre oeps et a la foitz preignent a force les liges le Roi en lour propre maifons et les amefnent et detiegnent come prifoners et au darrein les mettent a fyn et a raunceon come ceo fuift en terre de guerre et a la foitz viegnent devant Juftices en lour feflions en tielle guife ove grant force par ont les Juftices font moeltz efbaicz ou ne font hardiz dc faire la ley et plufours autres riotes et horribles malx faitz	y font par ont	le	/

Roialme en diverfes parties eft mys en grant troboill a grant mefehief et anientiflement de	povre poeple	et

Icfion de le roiale majefte et encountre la corone noftre Seignur le Roi. Et noftre Seignur le Roi defirant fouveraignement la paix et la quiete de fon Roialme et fes bones leys et cuftumes dyceli et les droitures de fa dite corone eftre maintenuz et gardez en touz pointz et les trefpaflours duement chaftifez et puniz come il eft ferementez a fon coronement del aflent de touz les Seignuts et pieres efteantz en ce parlement eft" defenduz fur le peril qappent qe nully foit defore fi hardiz de faire rienz qe foit en affray bu poeple on countre le paix et enoultre eft ordene et eftabliz qe leftatut de Norhampton fait en tieu cas en temps le dit aicl foit tenuz et gardez en touz pointz. Et auxint eft aflentuz qe certeins fuftifantz et vaillantz perfones Seignurs ou autres foient affignez par commiflion noftre Seignur le Roi en chefcun countee parmy le Roialme ou il bufoigne et meftier ferra qe eient poair par lour commiflion qe fi toft come ils feievent ou ’ qe lour foit creablement certifiez dafeuns aflembles routes ou chivachez des malfaifours barettours ou autres -tieux riottours en lours marchees en affray du poeple et countre la paix de lour arefter tantoft fanz attendre enditement ou autre proces de ley par lour corps et nicement les chiefteins et duftres dycelles routes et les envoier a profehein gaiole enfemble avec la caufe de le lour areft clerement et diftinblement mys en elcript illoeqes a demorer en prifone en fure et bone garde tanqe a la venue des Juftices en paiis fanz ent eftre delivrez en le meyn temps par mainprife bailie ou en autre manere. Et les Seignurs treftoutz efteantz en parlement font chargez dqpar le Roi et ont ils auxint de lour bone gree et liberale voluntee promys Icialment deftre en eide a lour poair as ditz commiflioners ft mefter ent eft et foient requiz et de -garder et faire garder par eux et les lours cefte ordenance en quanqe a eux touche fanz avoir regarde a

Serfone qelconqe pur amiftee alliaunce ne autrement. Et noftre Seignur le Rdi voet et comande a touz fes. ufticcs eiantz poair a lour deliverance faire qe redde puniflement et juftice foit fait fur toutes les perfones qe ferront atteintz des tieux riotes et malfaitz a chefcun felonc ce qe le cas requiert et par manere tielle qe.cell-! puniflement foit enfample as autres.	9	Readyj_.	2j

C A P; VII.

Urban was duly chofen Pope, and fo ought to be accepted and obeyed.

TEM pur ceo qe noftre Seignur le Roi ad entenduz fibien par certeins lettres patentes novellement 2 x P<

_ venuz de certeins Cardinalx rebeulx countre noftre feint piere Urban a ore pape come autrement par commune fame qe divilion h difcord eftoit parentre noftre dit feint pier & les ditz. Cardinalx les queux

faiforcent

I

344 Stat. ii

Anno fecundo Richardi II.	A.	D.	1378.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

fafforcent atout lour poair a depofer noftre dit feint pier de leftat de pape Sc de exciter & commover par lours meins vraies fuggeftions les Rois Princes & le pocple Criftien encontre luy a grant peril de lours almes et a trcfmal example noftre dit Seignur le Roi fift monftrer les dites lettres as prelatz Seignurs Si autres grantz & fages de fon Roiaime efteantz au dit parlement & veues Si entenduz les lettres avantdites Si eu meure deliberation fur la matire eftoit par les ditz prelatz pronunciez & publiez par plufours grandes Sc notables refons illoeqes monftrez en plein parlement fibien par matire trove es dites lettres come autremerit qe le dit Urban eftoit ducment efluz en pape & qe .enfy eft il &doit eftre verrai pape Sc li come pape & chief de feinteefglife len doit accepter Sc obier et a ceo faire faccorderent toutz les prelatz Seignurs & communes en le parlement avauntditz. Et en oultre eft aflentuz qe touz les benefices Sc autres pofleflions qe les ditz Cardinalx rebellantz & touz autres lours coadjutours fautours adherentz ou aucuns autres enemys de noftre dit Seignur le Roi & de fon Roiaime or.t deinz le poair noftre dit Seignur le Roi foient feifez es mains de inefme noftre Seignur le Roi Sc qe noftre Seignur le Roi foit refponduz des fruitz Sc profitz de mefmes les benefices Sc pofleflions tant cijme ils demorront en fes mains par la caufe avantdite. Et auxint eft ordenez qe fi aucun lige du Roi cu autre deinz fon poair purchafe provifion benefice ou autre grace daucun par autre noun de pape qe del dit noftre feint pier Urban ou foitobeifant a aucun autre perfone come a pape foit mys hors de la prote&ion noftre Seignur le Roi & fes biens & chateux feifez come forfaites.

CAP. VIII.

The Statute of 23 Edw. 3. and ail other Statutes of Labourers, &V. confirmed.

tup. 5 El. c. 4., T TEM des laborers Si fer'vantz eft ordenez Sc eftabli qe lordinance en faite en temps le dit aiel qe comence J. 'Quia tnagna pars populi foit affermez Sc tenuz pur eftatut Sc qe fibien celle eftatut come touz autres eftatutz & ordinances faites de artificers fervantz & laborers avant ces heurs foient fermement gardez Sc ■mifez en due execution. Et pur ceo vous mandons qe les ditz eftatutz Sc ordinances facez overtement Sc diftinCletnent crier & publier en touz les lieux notables deinz voftre bailly ou meftier ferra Sc fermement les y tenir Sc faire tenir Sc garder felonc la fourme Sc teneur dycelles. Don’ par tefmoignance de noftre grant feal a noftre palays de Weftm’ le xxviij. jour de Novembr’ lan de noftre regne fecond.

Per ipfum Regem Sc confilium.

Confimiles liter a diriguntur fmgulis vicccomitibus per Angliam fub eadem data.

Other Statutes made at Weftminfter,

Anno Dom.

“ r]H O the Honour of God and of holy Church, “	I and for the common Profit of the Realm

“	of England, our Lord the King Richard,

“ at his Parliament holden at Weftminjlcr in the Fif-“ teenth of Eajler, the fecond Year of his Reign, of “ the Aftent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, “ and other Great Men, and of the Commons of this “ Realm fummoned to the faid Parliament, hath or-“ dained and eftablifhed in the fame Parliament, for “ the Quietnefs of his faid People, the Statutes and “ Ordinances following, perpetually to endure in his “ faid Realm.”

Anno 2 Rich. II. Stat. 2. and 1379•

Ex Rot. in Rurr. Lond. ?n. 23.

AL honour de Dieu & de feinte eglife & pur commune profit du Roiaime dEngleterre noftre Seignur le Roi Richard a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ en la quinfzeine de Pafqe lan de fon regne fecond del aftent des Prelatz Dues Contes Barons & dautres grantz Sc communes de fon dit Roiaime dEngleterre au dit parlement fo-monez ad ordenez Sc eftabli en meifme le parlement pur quiete de fon poeple les eftatutz & efta-bliflementz qe fenfuent perpetuelment adurers en fon Roiaime avantdit.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church.

*	TT'IRST, That holy Church have and enjoy her ‘ JL1 Franchifes and Liberties in all Points in as ample ‘ Manner as fhe them had in the Time of his noble ‘ Progenitors Kings of England; (2) and that the ‘ Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft, and ‘ the good Laws of the Land, be firmly holden and,

*	kept, and put in due Execution.’

UaRimerement qe feinte eglife eit Sc enjoife fes 4 franchifes Sc libertees en touz pointz fi avant come ele le avoit en temps de fes nobles progeni-tours Rois dEngleterre & qe la Grant Chartre Sc la Chartre de la Forefte et les bones loys de la terre foient fermement tenuz et gardez et mifes en due execution.

C A P.

A, D. 1379.

Anno fecundo Richardi II.

Stat. 2.

34S

CAP. II.

A Repeal of the Statute of 2 Rich. 2. Stat. 1. cap, 6. touching Riots.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loncl.

ITEM e£t aflentuz qe larticle comprife en leftatut darreinement fait aGlouceftr’ des aflemblees chivacheeS E X F, & routes des malfeifours eil pais qe comence Item pur ce qe nq/lre Seignur le Roi ad entenduz par /noltz des pkintes, &c. quele article fembloit as ditz communes trop grevoufe a la prier de meifme la commune foit outrement repellez & adnullez leftatut de-Northampton efteant toutes voie3 en fa force. Et eft aflentuz qe ceux qi font pris & imprifonez par vertu daucuns parols comprifez en dit article fanz autre enditement foient outrement deliverez-.

C A P. III.

Fraudulent Deeds made by Debtors to avoid their Creditors, fhall be void.

ITEM en cas de dette ou les dettours font douns & feofferhentz feintz de lour terres & biens a lours amys & autres puis fe retrient &c fuont as lieux de feint efglife privilegez & illoeqes fe tiegnent longement & preignont les profitz le lours ditz terres & biens iffint donez par fraude & collufion paront lour creanceours ont efte longement & encore font delaiez de lour dettes & recoyrir atort & encontre bon foy & refon ordeignez eft & eftabli qe apres ceo qe les ditz creanceours ent eint portez lour briefs de dette & fur ceo capias agardez le vifeorit face foil retorn qil nad my pris les dites perfones a caufe des tieux lieux privilegez en quelles ils font ou ferront entrez Adonqes apres tiel retourn fait foit autre brief grantez & fait ab vifeont en quel brief foit compris qe proclamation fe face overtement a la port del lieu iffint privilegez ou tielles perfones font entrez par cynic fetnaignes continueles chefcun femaigne un folz qe meifme la perfone foit au certein jour compris en mefme le brief devant les Juftices le Roi pur y refpondre an pleintif de fa demande & celle brief retournez par le vifeont qe proclamation eft faite en la dite forme & les dites perfones appellez ne veigneht my en propre perfon ne per attoiirhe foit jugement renduz envers eux fur le principal par lour defaute & hors dycell jugement foit execution faite de lours terres & biens efteantz hors del lieu iffint privilegez fibien ceftaflavoir de ceux terres Sc biens iffint donez par collufion come dautres quelconqes par dehors mefme la franchife apres ce qe tielle collufion ou fraude foit duement trovez en mefme la manere come ceo deuft avoir efte fait fi null devife ent euft efte fait nient contrefteant mefme la devife. Mais neft my lentention du Roi qe par vertu de ceft eftatut nully foit forclos de fa fuite envers tieux dettours par commune cours de loy devant ceft prefent eftatut ufez.

Ob,

“T-r.c. iB,

Dyer 295.

50 Ed. 3. c. C.

Enforced and amended by 3 H. 7. c. 4. ar.i 13 El. C.5,

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 3 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

'379-

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 23.

LE Roi as vifeontes de Londres falutz. Sachez qe a noftre darrein parlement tenuz a Weftm’ del aftent des Seignurs et autres en dit parlement avons fait faire certeins eftatutz et ordenan-ces en la fourine qe fenfuit.

“ A T the Parliament holdeh at Wcjlminjlcr the “ f~\ Monday next after the Feaft of Saint Hillary, the third Year of King Richard the Se-“ cond, of the Aftent of the Lords and other in the £< faid Parliament, our faid Lord hath caufed to be “ made certain Statutes and Ordinances in the Form “ following.”

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Laws of the Church, and of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

PRimerement ordeignez eft et eftabliz qe feiilte eglife eit et enjoile entierment fez franchifes et libertees par manere qe les eit euz et enjoiez en temps des nobles progenitours noftre Seignur le Roi defufdit et qe les bones leys et cuftumes du Roialme et les eftatutz faitz devant cefte heure et hient repellez foient tenuz et fermement gardez et myfez en due execution.

‘ T?Lft ft is ordained and eftablifhed, That holy ‘ jP Church have and wholly enjoy her Franchifes ‘ and Liberties, by the Manner as fhe hath had and ‘ enjoyed them in the Time of the King’s noble Pro-‘ genitors; (2) and that the good Laws and Cuftoms ‘ of the Realm, and the Statutes made before this ‘ Time, and not repealed, be holden and firmly kept ‘ and put in due Execution.’

Vo 1, I*

V'v

C A P.

34*6

2j 3*

A.nno tertio Richardi II.

A. D. 1379

O B.

* 11 W. 3, c.

30. aivay Aulnage Duties. 2 Ed. 3. c. 14. 27 Ed. 3. flat, 2 c. 1.

Enforced ly 11 H. 4. c. 6.

* Read 11 £g? 12.

4 Tnll. 51. f. 5.

Enforced by 7 R. 2. c. 12.

farther by

l$R, 2. f. 5.

The Caufes why Advowfons of Benefices were given to Spiritual Pcrfons.

The Inconve-niencies which have enfucd by giving of Benefices 10 Aliens.

CAP. II.

The Penalty of the Aulneger that fetteth his Seal to faulty Cloths.

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe la commune fe pleint grantement eftre grevez en ceo qe coment qen temps le noble Roi E. aiel a noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft eftoit pur commune profit de Roialme ordeinez Sc eftabliz qe touz les draps de leine delors affaire en Engleterre qe ferroient mys a vente contineroient certeine mcfure en lon-gure & laieure fur certeine peine compris en dit eftatut Nientmeins plufours gentz parmy le Roialme nient eiantz confideration al dit eftatut font ore diverfez draps de leine vendables queux ne contiegnent mye la dite mefure ne laffife ordeine par mefme leftatut Sc qe pire eft font fubtilement tacher ou confure enfemble avefqe file diverfez pieces des tieux draps & puis apres par covyne entre eux & les auneours le Roi pur covrer & colurer la fauxine procurent mefme launeour de mettre le leal ordeine fur mefmes les draps au fin qe par tant les achatours deivent croire qe celles draps iffrnt enfealez foient fuffifantz draps & entiers contiegnantz la dite affifeqare autrement neuffent efte enfealez a ceo qils diont en grant deceite du poeple & mefchief as achatours defufditz fibien denfzeins come eftranges Accordez eft Si affentuz qe les eftatutz faitz des ditz draps devant ces heures foient gardez &duement mys en execution. Et enoultre eft affentuz qe fi-afcun des ditz auneours ou des coillours del fubfide des dites draps avera defore mys aucun feal a nul tiel drap iffint confute en deceite foit mefme le drap forfait au Roi ou & en quelconque maniere qil foit trovez Sc ovefqe ceo forface launeour ou coillour de tiel defaute trovez coupable fon dit office Sc fil eit mys mefme le feal a afcun autre drap vendable qe ne foit de la dite affife forface mefme launeour ou coillour devers noftre dit Seignur le Roi la value de mefme la drap tielement enfealez en deceite del poeple enfemblement ovefqe fon office & jademeins pur la fauxine avandite eit la prifone Sc ent foit reint a la voluntee le Roi. Et comence cefte ordinance a tenir lieu, a laNativitee feint Johan le Baptiftre profehein venant et nemye devant.

C A p. III.

None fhall take any Benefice of an Alien, or convey Money to him.

“ 1 TEM, Becaufe that our Lord the King hath per-“ f ceived, as well by the Complaints of his faithful “ liege People, and by their Clamour by divers Peti-“ tions thereof delivered in divers Parliaments before “ this Time, as otherwife by the perfedt Knowledge “ and Experience of the Deed, how the Churches Ca-“ thedral and Collegial, Abbeys and Priories and other “ Benefices of his Realm, which were late founden, “ and richly endowed by his noble Progenitors, in “ which divers Dignities, Offices, Perfonages, Cha-“ nonries, Prebends, and other Benefices, were fo-“ lemnly and devoutly ordained and eitablifhed of the “ Affent of the forefaid Progenitors of the. King, and “ of other their noble Founders, which did give to the “ faid Paftors of the fame Churches, Abbeys, Priories, “ and of other great Places, the Advowfons of the “ fame Benefices, to the Intent that the fame Bene-‘£ fices fhould be given to honeft and meet Perfons of “ the Realm, to ferve and honour God diligently, “ and alfo to keep Hofpitality, and to inform and “ teach the People, and to do other worthy Things “ pertaining to the Cure of Souls, after the Eftate and “ Quality of the faid Benefices : (2) And fo was it “ done in all Times paft after the Foundation of the “ fame, till now of late, that by the Informations, In-“ legations and Procurements of fome of the King’s “ liege People, the fame Benefices have been given, “ againft the Will of the Founders, to divers’’eople “ of another Language, and of ftrangc Lands and “ Nations, and fometime to the utter Enemies of the “ King and of his Realm, which never made Refi-“ dence in the fame, nor cannot, may not, nor will “ not in fuch wife bear and perform the Charges of the “ fame Benefices, as in heating Confelfions, Preach-“ ing, nor Teaching the People, keeping Hofpitality, “ nor accomplifhing the other Things neceffary to the “ Governance of the fame Benefices, but oily thereof “ have and take the Emoluments and Temporal Pro-“ fits, not having Regard to the Spiritual Cure, nor 4

ITEM pur ce qe le Roi noftre Seignur ad en-tenduz fibien par les pleintes de fez foialx ligea et par le clamour de fon poeple par lours diverfes petitions ent baillez avant en diverfes parlementz devant cefte heure come autrement par la notoritee de'lachofe et experience de fait coment les efglifes cathedralx collegialx abbeies priories et autres benefices de fon Roialme qe furent jadis founduz et richement dowez par fes nobles progenitours en les quelles diverfes dignities offices parfonies chanonies prebendes et autres benefices eftoient folempne-ment et devoutemerit ordeinez et eftabliz del affent des ditz progenitours le Roi et dautres lours nobles fondours qi donerent as paftours de mefmes les efglifes abbeies priories et dautres grantz lieux a-vantditz ladvouefons de mefmes les benefices al entente qe mefmes les benefices ferroient donez as perfones honeftes et covenables du dit Roialme pur Dieu fervir et honurer pluis diligealment et auxint pur lofpitalitee tenir et pur enformer et en-feigner le poeple et faire les autres nobles chofes appurtenantz a la cure des almes felonc leftat et qualitee des ditz benefices et enfi eftoit faite de tout temps paffe puis la fundation clycelle tanqe a un poie de temps paffe qe parmy les informations in-fti ations et procurement dafeuns des liges noftre dit Seignur le Roi mefmes les benefices aient efte donez encontre la volente des foundours as plufours diverfes perfones dautri lange et deftranges terres et nations et a la foitz as vrais enemys du Roi et de fon Roialme les queux ne fefoient unqes refidence en ycelles ne ne feievent ne poient ne veullient nullement porter ne faire les charges des ditz benefices come en oier les confelfions prefeher nc enfeigner le poeple hofpitalitee tenir ne accom-plirl es autres chofes neceffaires au governement de mefmes les benefices Mais foulement ent querent et preignent les emolumentz et temporeles profitz nient eiantz regard a la cure efpiritele ne as autres

charges

Anno tertio Richardi II

c- 3-	347

A.D. 1379.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. charges de mefmes les benefices appertenantz ou incumbentz einz foeffrent notoirement les nobles edifices auncienement fait illoeqes quant mefmes les benefices eftoient occupiez par les Engleis de tout cheier a ruyne par ont le divin fervice eft tref-grantement diminue la cure des almes negligee & lefle & le clerge enfeblez le trefor du dit Roialme emportez as mains des aliens & tout leftate de feint eglife rnefnez a meindre reverence qe devant ne foleit eftre et comcnt qe en temps le dit Aiel cer-teins ordinances eftatutz & compofitions y feuflent faitz & aftermez pur oufterde tout ou a meins pur reftreindre les ditz mefehiefs en partie Nientmeins les dits aliens nient eiantz regard a cella nc fe ab-ftiegnent mye de prendre & receivre tieux benefices deinz le dit Roialme einz par my le confort eide & grant focour qils ont des liges noftre dit Seignur le Roi qi font lour fermers procuratours & attorncs en ycelle partie en chefcun partie del dit Roialme fafForcent de jour en autre pluis et pluis ''de accepter & avoir les greindres dignites & benefices deinz le Roialme avantdite & par diverfe ma-nere molt prejudiciele a mefme le Roialme fi ceo fuift foefrerte paront les ditz mefehiefs encrefcent de jour en autre moltz outrageoufment & pluis en-crefceront fi due remede ne foit purveuz les pluis en hafte.

Noftre Seignur, le F-oi par ladvis & commune af-* fent de, touzles Seignurs temporels e'fteantz en ce parlement ad ordeinez & eftabliz qe nul homme des liges le Roi nautre perfone quelconqe de quel eftat ou condition qil foit ne preigne ne receive deinz le Roialme dEngletcrrc procuracie lettre dat-tourne ne ferme nautre adminiftration par enden-ture ne en autre manere quelconqe de nul perfone du monde dafeun benefice deinz le dit Roialme j forfqc tantfoulement des liges de noftre Seignur le \ Roi dc mefme le Roialme fanz efpccial & exprefie congie de noftre dit Seignur le Roi par ladvis de fon confeil. Et fi afeuns devant ceft heure eient 1 acceptez dafeuns aliens tielx procuracies fermes ou adminiftration qils les lefient oultrement deir.z xl. jours apres la publication de ccfte ordinance. I Et qe nul des ditz liges nautre qe purra eftre tro- j vez endit Roialme nenvoiepar vertue de tide pro- j curacie ferme ou adminiftration ore argent nautre trefor ne commodite hors du dit Roialme par let^ tere defehange par merchandie nen auti c manere quelconqe au profit des ditz aliens fariz femblable congie du Roi par ladvis de fon dit confeil. E fi afeun face le contraire en afeun point contenuz en ceft ordinance encourge la peine & punifiement contenuz en leftatutdes provifeurs fait en temps le dit aiel lan de fon regne xxviD'-' par mefme Ic pro-ccs compris endit eftatut & par garniflement affaire a eux en lours benefices ou autres lours pofieffions deinz le Roialme et fils foient pardehors le dit Roialme & naient benefices ne pofieffions deinz mef-nie lc Roialme ou ils purront eftre garniz adonqes foit brief fait en la Chancellarie fondez fur cefte ordinance as vifeontz de Londres ou al vifeont del contee en quel ils furont ou ferrdnt ncez a la fuitc le Roi retournable en lun Rank ou en lautre par quel brief foit comande proclamation eftre fait overtement qils foient devant les Juftices en le Bank ou le brief eft retournable accrtein jour compris en .mefme le brief contenant lefpace de demy an pur refpondre fur les matires compris en lc dit

44 to other Charges to the fame Benefices pertaining or “ belonging, but manifeftly fuffer the noble Buildings “ in old Times there made, when the fame Benefices 44 were occupied by Englijhmen, wholly to fall to De-44 cay, whereby the Divine Service is greatly minifhed,

44 the Cure of Souls neglefted and left, the Clergy cn-

“ feebled, the Treafure of the faid Realm carried to

44 the Hands of Aliens, and all the Eftate of holy

44 Church brought to lefs Reverence than before it was

44 wont to be : (t) And though that in the Time of zj EJ-3. flat. 6.

44 the faid Grandfather certain Ordinances, Statutes,

44 and Compofitions were made and affirmed, wholly 44 to put out, or at leaft to reftrain the faid Mifchiefs in “ this Behalf; neverthelefs the faid Aliens, not having 44 Regard to the fame, do not refrain to take and re-“ ceive fuch Benefices within the faid Realm, but by 44 the Comfort, Aid, and great Succour which they 44 have had' of the King’s Jieg'e People, 'that be their “ Fermors, Procurators, and Atturnies in this Behalf 44 and in every Part of the faid Realm, do enforce “ themfelves from Day to Day more and more to ac-44 cept the greateft Dignities and Benefices within the 44 faid Realm, and by divers cautelous Manners, much 44 prejudicial to the fame P.ealm if that were fuffered,

44 whereby the faid Mifchiefs do daily increafe, and “ much more will increafe, if due Remedy be not the “ fooner provided.”

4 II. Our Lord the King, by the Advice and com-Nona/hall take 4-.mon AfTent of all the Lords-Temporal being in this ln Jcrm anyEe-4 Parliament, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That none 5,1 ces.offtJ1®

*	of the Kind’s liege People, nor other Perfon, of Alien without ‘ whatfoever Eftate or Condition that he be, fhall not the King’s U-

*	take nor receive within the fame Realm of England, cents.

4 Procuracy, Letter of Atturriey, nor Ferm, nor other

4 Adminiftration by Indenture, nor in any other Mail--4 ner whatfoever, of any Perfon of the World, of any 4 Benefice within the faid Realm, but only of the 4 King’s liege People of the fame P.ealm, without the 4 fpecial Grace and exprefs Licence of our Lord the 4 King, by the Advice of his Council, (2) And if any 4 before this Time have accepted of any Aliens fuch 4 Procuracies, Ferms, or Adminiftration, that they 4 fhal! utterly leave them within Forty Days after Publi-4 cation of this Ordinance, (i) And that none of the None /hall con-4 faid liege People, nor other that may fie Found in the v^y Money out 4 faid Realm, lhall convey by virtue of fuch Procu- y ye AS,

4 racy, Ferm, or.Adminiftration, Gold, Silver, nor °r uc clm‘

4 other Treafure nor Commodity oiit of the faid Realm,

4 by Letter of Exchange, , by Merchandife, nor in 4 other Manner, to the Profit, of the faid Aliens, with-4 out like Licence of the King by the Advice of his 4 faid Council; (4) and if any do the contrary in any ,

4 Point contained in this Ordinance, he lhall incur .the 4 Pain and Punifhment contained in the Statute of Pro- St. an. *7Ed. 3.

4 vifors, made in the Time of the King’s Grandfather, dePiovifonbus,

4 the Seven and twentieth Year of his Reign, by the 4 fame Procefs comprifed in the faid Statute, (<;) and 4 by Warning to be made to them in their Benefices,

4 or other their Pofieffions within the Pvealm ; (6) and 4 if they be out of the laid Realm, and not beneficed,

4 not having Pofieflion within the fame Realm where 4 they may be warned, then a Wiit {hall be made in Procefs awarded 4 the Chancery grounded upon this Ordinance to the againftOffenders 4 Sheriff of London, or to the Sheriff" of the County in-r!’at“re"ut of 4 which they were or final] be born, at the King’s Suit,1 e ea m‘

4 returnable in the one Bdnch or the other; by which 4 Writ it lhall be commanded, that Proclamation be 4 made openly, that they appear before the Juftices in Y y 2	the

Anno tertio Richardi II.

None {hail meddle by 5c-queftration, nor in other Manner, with a Benefice given ta an Alien.

Confirmed ly liH. c. 7.

27 Ed. 3. flat. I. c, 3,	31	Ed.	3.

Jim. 1. c. 5.

Enforced ly 18 H. G. c. 17. 1 R. 3. e. 13. i3 H. 8. c. 14.

A. D. 1379.

*	the Eench where the Writ is returnable at a certain 4 Day comprifed in the fame Writ, containing the ‘ Space of half a Year, to anfwer upon the Matters

*	comprifed in the faid Writ; (7) and after this Writ 4 returned, the Juftices fhall proceed againft them ac-4 cording to the Form above ordained. (8) And it is 4 * ajjented by the King in the fame Parliament, by the 4 Afient aforefaid, That no Bilhop, nor other Perfon 4 of holy Church through the Realm, fhall meddle by 4 Way of Scqucftration, nor in any other Manner, 4 with the Fruits of fuch Benefices given or to be given 4 to the faid Aliens, to the Profit of the fame Aliens, 4 upon the Peril that belongeth. Dated, ftfe.’

It is fajd in the Old Abridgement, that the Lords Spiritual did not aijent to this Statute.

* Forbidden*

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. brief & cel brief retournez delors precedent les Juftices envers eux felonc la fourme defus ordeinc. Et eft defenduz depar le Roi en dit parlement del afient avantdit qe nul Evefqe nautre perfone de feinte efglife par my le Roialme ne fe medle par voie de fequellration nen autre manere quelconqe des frutz de tieux benefices donez ou adoners as ditz aliens au profit de mefmes les aliens fur le peril qappent. Et puree vous mandons qe les ditz efta-tutz facez duement proclamer & publier es lieux notables deinz veftre baillie & les fermement tenir, & garder felonc la fourme dicelles. Don’ par tef-moignance de noftre grant feal a Weltin’ le xii.„ jour de A'larz lan de noftre regne tierce.

Statutes made at Northampton, Anno 4 Rich. II. and Anno Dorn*.

I3So* c a p: 1.

All VefTels of Wine, Honey, and Oil brought.into this Realm fhall be gauged..

44 TfT ICHARD by the Grace of God, See. to the 44 t n Sheriff of Nottingham, Greeting. The Com-44 v* rnons of our Realm of England have-, prayed 44 us by rheir Petition delivered to us at our prefent 44 Parliament holden at Northampton, containing how 44 many Wines of divers Manners oftentimes brought 44 within theLand, which do often pafs withoutgauging, 44 becaufe that the Statutes thereupon made in the Time 44 of our Grandfather (whom God afToil) do not make 44 exprefsMention ofall-Mannerof Wines, andof other 44 Liquors, to the great Damage of the Lords and 44 Commons of the fame Realm, which be oftentimes 44 deceived in their buying, becaufe they cannot with-44 out Gauge have rightful Knowledge how much the 44 fame Velfel will contain, That it may pleafe us, for 44 the Profit of us and our Realm more plainly to de-44 clare the fame Statutes, in fuch Manner, that all 44 Manner of Wines, and other Liquors gaugeable 44 brought: within this Realm, may be comprifed in the 44 fame Statutes:” 4 (z) We confideringthe faid Suppli-4 cation to be profitable for us, the Lords and Commons ‘ of the fame Realm, will and grant by the Afient of 4 the Prelates and Lords aforefaid, that the Statutes 4 thereupon made (as is faid), be holden, kept, and 4 put in due Execution. (3) And moreover we de-4 clare, and of the Afient aforefaid will and grant, that 4 as well all Manner Veflels of fweet Wines, of the 4 Rhine, and of other Wines, as other Veflels of Vi-4 negar, Oil, Hor.ey, and all other Liquors gaugeable, 4 which from henceforth fhall come within this Realm 4 of England, or within our Lands of JVales and Ire-1 land, fhall be well and lawfully gauged by our Gau-4 gers thereto afiigned, or their Deputies. (4) And 4 if any fet Debate and Difturbance, and will not fuf-4 fer the Wines or other Liquors aforefaid to be gau-4 ged, he fhall incur the Pain ordained by the faid other *■ Statutes. (5) And in the fame Manner the Gaugers 41 fhall incur the Pain.comprifed in the fame Statutes, if 4 Default he from henceforth found in them, or in their 4 Deputies in this Eehalfd	3.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ms zz..

LE Roi a vifeont de Kentfaluz. Suppliez nous eft par la communalte de noftre Roialme dEngleterre par lour petition a nous baillie a noftre prefent parlement tenuz a Northampton contenant coment plufours vins de diverfes mane-res font fovent amefnez deinz la terre queux.paf-fent fovent fanz gauge par caufe qe les eftatutz fur ce faitz en temps de noftre aiell qi-Dicux afTbille ne font mie exprefle mentionde touz maneres vins & des autres licours a grantz damages des Seignurs & communes de mefme le Roialme qi fovent font deceuz en lour achatz a caufe qils ne poent fanz . gauge avoir droite conifanee combien les vefieulx contiegnent qe plerroit pur profit de nous & de noftre Roialme pluis overtement declarer mefmes le-ftatutz en tiell manere qe.touz maneres des vins < & autres licours gaugeables amefnez.deinz le Roi-alme foient comprifes en mefmes les.eftatutz Nous , entendantz la dite fupplication eftre profitable pur nous les Seignurs et communes de mefme le Roialme volons et grantons de, laftent des Prelatz et Seignurs avauntditz qe leftatutz fur ce faitz come dit eft foient tenuz et gardez et myfes en due execution. Et enoultre declarons et de laftent avaunt-dit volons et grantons qe Abien toutz.maneres vef-felx des vins douces R.yneys et dautres.vins quel-conqes come autres vefieulx de vinegre oille meel et de touz autres licours gaugeables qe defore ven-dront deinz le Roialme dEngleterre ou deinz noz terres dlrlande et Gales foient bien et loialment gaugies par nous gaugeours a ce afiignez ou lours • deputez. Et fi afeun mette debatte ou deftourbance et ne voile foffrer fes vins ou autres licours fufditz eftre gaugiez encourgp la p.einc ordeigne par les ditz autres eftatutz. Et en mefme la manere cn-courgent les ditz gaugeours la peine coinpris en mefmes les eftatuz fi defaut foit defore trovez en eux ou lour deputez en.celle partie.

C A P.

A. D. 1380,

Anno quarto Richard r II.

C. 2.	349

c A P. 11.

The King’s Pardon of Efcapes and Felons, and Clerks convift.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM confiderantz les grandes aides qe la clergie h communes de mefme le Roialme nous ount fait de EXP.

lour liberale volunte en noz grandes neceffites avaunt ces heures & par efpecial ore en ce prefent parle-ment lour voillantz pur tant et pur les grandes charges qils ont euz et foeffertz parmy les guerres et en autre manere faire grace et relevement dautre part avons de noftre efpecial grace a lour prier releflez et pardonez a le clargie et communes et a chefcun fingulere perfone de noftre Roialme avauntdit qauntqe a nous appartient pur touz maneres defchapes des felons faitz et efchuz devant la date dyceftes fibien des clercs conviftz hors de les prifones des ordinares come dautres perfones fclones quelconqcs horfpris les • efchapes adjuggez devant celle heure. Et purveuz touz voies qe ft afcune des ditz cfchaps fe firent fraude-loufement par covyne ou de lafl'ent des gardeins de ditz prifones qe celles efchapes ne foient compris de-deinz ceft noftre grace par afcun voie et qe cellui qe vorra enjoier cefte noftre grace et pardoun ent purfue • davoir fa chartre en noftre Chauncellerie en due forme. Et pur ce vous mandons qe fibien le dit eftatut de gauge come la dit grace et pardoun defchapes es lieux notables deinz voftre baillie deinz fraunchife et dehors • facez proclamer et publier et le dit eftatut de Gauge duement tenir et garder felonc la forme dycelles. Don fouz noftre graunt feal a Norhampton le quart jour de Novembr’ lan de noftre regne quart.

Confimilia brevia diriguntur Jtngulis viceccmitibus per Angliam mutatis mutandis fub eadcm data.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 5 Rich. II. St at. 1. and Anno-

Dom. 1381.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 22.

RICHARD par la grace de Dieu Roi dEn-gleterre et de France et Seignur dlrlande a noftre vifcont de Kent faluz. Sachez qe a la reverence de Dieux et de feinte efglife et pur nurrir paix unitee quiete et bone acord touz partz deinz noftre. Roialme dEngleterre et par efpecial pur le bon governement de mefme le Roialme le quel nous deftrcns fovercinement de laflent des Pre-latz Scignurs & communes aflemblez a noftre par-lcment tenuz a Weftm’ Ieindemain des alrnes darrein paftez. avons fait faire certaines ordenances & eftabliflemen.tz fibien pur amendement de dit go-vernaill come pur le commune profit du .Roialme en la.forme qe fenfuyt.

44 ICHARD by the Grace, &c. to the Sheriff'

44 of Nottingham, Greeting. Know thou. That

44	to the Reverence of God and of holy Church,

44 and for to nourifh Peace, Unity, and Quietnefs of-

“ good Accord, in all Parts of our Realm of England,

44 and efpecially for the good Governance of the fame

“ Realm- (which we do chiefly defire) of the. A (Tent of

44 the Prelates, Lords, and Commons affembled at our

44 Parliament holden at TVe/hninfter the Morrow after

44 All-Souls laft paft, we have caufed to be made cer--

“ tain Ordinances and Eftabiifhments, as well for the -

<c Amendment of the faid Governance, as for the-

“ common Profit of the Realm, in. the Form follow--cc ”

c a p. i:

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all. Statutes made-and not repealed.

PRimercment eft aftentuz & accordez qe feinte efglife eit & enjoife toutes fes libertees & fran-chifes entierement. Et qe la Grand Chartre &.la Chartre de la Forefte & touz les autres bones efta-. tutz & ordinances faitz avant ces heures & nient repellez.Sc par efpecial leftatutz des purveours nad-gairs faitz en temps du noble Roi E. aiel noftre Sei-. gnur le Roi qoreft qi Dieux aifoill foient tenuz gar-dez & mifes en due execution felonc, la forme leffeftdicell,

4 T7IRST it is affented and accorded^ That holy.’ 4 ’ S' Church have and enjoy all her Liberties and 4'Franchifes wholly. - (2) And that the Great Charter 4 and the Charter of the Foreft, and all -other good ” 4 Statutes and Ordinances made before this Time, and 4 not repealed, and efpecially the Statutes of Purveyors. -4 late made in the Time of the noble King Edward 4 our Grandfather, be holden, kept, and put in-due.e 4 Execution.after the Form and Effect of the fame,’.'

CAP. 117.

None fhall tranfport Gold or Silver, nor depart out of the Realm, without Licence.’

ITEM pur le grevoufe mefehief qe le Roialme foeffre &. longement ad. fait de ce qe or & argent fibien en monoie velTell plate & joialx come autrement par efehaunges faitz en diverfe manere eftemportez hors dc mefme le Roialme iflint qapeine tnt neft ores en eft'edt rienz remys quele chofe ft

44- T T E M, For the great Mifihief which the Realm 9 ej. j. flit- cs 44 Jj_ fufterethj and long hath done, for-that Gold and c. 1. 58^.5, 44 Silver, as v;ell in Money, Veflel, Plate, and Jewels,taU ’•c-s‘

“• as otherwife by Exchanges made in divers Manners,

44 is carried out of the Realm, f'o that in Effett there 44 is none thereof left, which Thing if it fliould longer •

4 be

35°

Stat. i.

In \vh3t Cafes and for what Caufes Gold or Silver may be transported. Enforced by 2 II. 4. c. 5, and

2	II. 6. c. 6.

But fee farther concerning the Exportation of Go'd and Silver, 4 //. 4. c. 15

«5. 5 H. 4. c.

9 27 //• 6. c. 3. j7 Ed, a. c. 1.

3	II. 7. r. S. iq H. 7. c. 5. jEd.S. c. 6.

3	5 C^r- 2. <\ 7.

.9 0 10 jy> 3 .	’

*■.28. so Ann. c. 26,	6	GVo.	1,

' f. 11. i&Geo*

2. r. 26

Dyer 128, 165, (

1763 296.

None /hall de- ' part without the 1 Xing’s Licence. 1 Repealed by ,

4	Jac. 1. c. 1.	,

1. 22. as to the P>eftraint of 1 Perfons going < Jbejoad Sea, <

The Penalty of the Mailer or Mariner cf the Ship o/Tsniing.

The Penalty of Searchers or Wardens of Ports c./Tending.

Anno quinto R

44 be fuffered, would fhortly be the Deftruclion of the “ fame Realm, which God prohibit;” c (z) it is af-4 fented, and accorded, and the King enjoineth all 4 Manner of People, Merchants, Clerks, and other, 4 as well Strangers as Denizens, of what Eftate or 4 Condition they be, upon Pain of as much as they 4 may forfeit, that none of them upon the faid Pain 4 privily nor openly fend nor carry, nor caufe to be fent 4 or carried out of the faid Realm, any Gold or Silver 4 in Money, Bullion, Plate, or Veffel, neither by Ex-4 changes to be made, nor in other Manner, but the 4 Wages of Calais, and of other the King’s Eortreffes 4 beyond the Sea, and efpecially excepted the Prelates, 4 Lords, and other of the fame Realm, .to whom fome-4 times it behoveth neceffarily to make Payments be-4 yond the Sea, that of the fame Payments only they 4 make Exchanges in England, by good and fufficient 4 Merchants to pay beyond the Sea, (3) and firft fpe-4 cial Leave and Licence had of the King, as well for 4 the Exchangers as for the Pcrfon which ought to 4 make the Payments, containing exprefly the Sum 4 which fhall be fo exchanged. (4) And it is affented, 4 That the Merchants that fo /hall make Exchanges, 4 fhall be diligently examined and fworn in their pro-4 per Perfons, as often as they fhall have the faid Li-4 cence, that they fhall not fend beyond the Sea any 4 Manner of Gold nor Silver under the Colour of the 4 fame Exchange. (5) And if after Proclamation of c this Ordinance any Perfon be from henceforth duly 4 attainted, that he hath caufed to be fent or carried 4 beyond the Sea any Gold or Silver againft this Re-4 ftraint and Ordinance, he fhall forfeit to the King 4 the fame Sum fo carried or fent. (6) And the King 4 our Lord of his Royal Majcfty defendeth the Palfage 4 utterly of all Manner of People, as well Clerks as other, in every Port and other Town and Place upon the Coaftof the Sea, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all their Goods, except only the Lords and other Great Men of the Realm, and true and notable Merchants, and the King’s Soldiers. (7) And every Perfon, other than is before excepted, which after Publication of this Ordinance made, fhall pafs out of the faid Realm without the King’s fpecial Licence (which Licence the King willeth and commandeth that it be nor from henceforth made, but only in one of the Ports underwritten, that is to fay, London, Sandwich, Dover, Southampton, Plimonth, Dertm.uth, Bri-Jlozv, Yarmouth, St. Botolph, Kir.gjlon upon Hull, Ncvjcc/lle upon Tine, and the other Ports and Paf-ft.ges towards Ireland, and the Idles pertaining to the Realm of England) fhall forfeit to the King as much as he hath in Good's, as above is faid ; (8) and ne-4 verthelefs, the Mailer or Mariner of the Ship, or of 4 other Veffel, in which he fhall carry over beyond the 4 Sea any Perfon but fuch only as be before excepted,

4 without the fa’d Licence, and thereof be convidt 4 duly, fhall forfeit the faid Veffel to the King. (9) 4 And the King commandeth ail Wardens and bearch-4 ers of the Ports and Paffages_through England, that 4 they fhall from henceforth diligently ufe their Office, 4 and make gcod and flrait Search. (10) And if any 4 Searchers or Wardens of the Ports and Paffhges 4 through the faid Realm, by Negligence or in other 4 Manner do or fufter wittingly to be done in any 4 Point the contrary of the faid two Articles touching 4 the Money of Gold or Silver, and the faid Paffagcs 4 of People, and thereof be duly convidr, he fhall for-4 feit to the King his Lid Office and ail his Goods, and

ICHARDI II.	A.	D.	1381.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. plus longement fuffe foeffert cherroit legierement en deftrudtion dicell Roialme qe Dieux ne veulle eft affentuz & accordez & le Roi defende a tcutes ma~ neres des gentz marchantz clercs & autres fibien eftraunges come denfzeins de quelconqe eftat on condition qils foient fur paine de quanqe ils pur-ront forfaire qe nully de eux fur la dite paine en prive ne en appert envoie nameifne ou face envoier ou ameifner hors del Roialme avantdit or ou argent aucun en monoie bullion plate veffel ne par ef-chaunges affaires ne en autre manere quelconqe exceptes les gages de Caleys St dautres fortreffes du Roi depar dela St exceptes par efpecial les prelatz Seignurs & autres demefme le Roialme ales queux coviendra aucunes foitz neceffairement faire pare-mentz depar dela qe de celles paierrrentz tantfoule-ment purront ils faire efehaunge en Engleterre par bons & fuffifantz marchantz pur paier depar dela eue primerement fur ce efpeciale congie St licence de noftre Seignur le Roi fibien pur lefehaungeours come pur la perfone qi devra faire la paiement con-tiegnante la fomme en expres qe ferra iffint efehaun-gez. Et eft affentuz qe les marchantz qi enfi fer-ront les ditz efehaunges foient diligeaument exa-minez & jurez en lours propres perfones a tantz des foitz come ils averont la dite licence qils nen-voieront depar dela aucune manere dor ne dargent fouz colour de mefme lefehaunge. Et ft apresJa proclamation de cefte ordinance aucune perfone foit defore duement atteint qil avera fait envoier’ou em-portez depar dela or ou argent aucun encontre ce-ftes defens & ordinance forface devers le R.oi mefme la fomme iffint emportez ou envoiez. Et le Roi noftre Seignur de fa roiale majeftee defende la paffage oultrement a toutes maneres des gentz fibien clercs come autres en chefcun port & autre ville Sc lieu fur la coufte del meer fur paine de for-faiture de toutz lours biens horfpris tantfoulement a les Seignurs & autres grantz perfones de-Roialme et verrois et notables marchantz et les foldeours le Roi. Et quelconqe perfone autre qe deffuz ne font exceptz apres la publication de cefte ordinance faite paffe hors del dit Roialme fanz efpecial congie le Roi quele licence le Roy voet et comande qe ne foit fait defore finoun tantfoulement en un des portz deffoutz efcriptz ceftaffavoir Londrcs Sande-wiz Dovorr Southampton Plymmuth Dertemuth Briftuit Jernemuth Seint Bothulph Kyngefton fur Hull Noef Chaftell fur Tyne et les autres portz et paffages vers Irlande et les liles appertenantz al Roialme dEngleterre forface devers-le Roi quanqe il ad en biens come defies eft dit et jademeins le maiftre ou mariner de la nief ou dautre veffel en quele il avera amefnez depar dela aucuns perfone forfqe ceux foulement qe pardeffus font exceptz fanz la dite licence dont il foit convidt duement forface devers le Roi le dit veffel. Et ft comande le Roi as touz gardeins et fercheours de les portz et paffages pariny Engleterre qils ufent defore diligeaument lours offices et facent bone ferche et e-ftreit. Et il nully fercheour ou-gardein des portz ct paffages penny le dit Roialme par negligence ou en autre manere face ou foeffre feientement eftre fait en aucun point le contrairc de les ditz deux articles touchantz la monoie or et argent et le dit paffage des gentz et de ce il foit cor.vidl duement forface devers le Roy fon dit office et toutz fes biens avefqe et foit fon corps commis a la prifone a y de-

morci

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. morer par un an entier fanz redemption. Et fur ce qelconqe perfone qi efpiera et provera duement qe ricnz foit fait contre lentention des ditz deux derrains articles par ont la dite forfaiture devra ef-chere daucune perfone cit il la moitee dicell forfaiture pur fori travaill del doun le Roi.

Richardi II.	Stat.	1.

' his Body {hall be committed to Prifon, there to abide ‘ an whole Year without Redemption, (ii) And ‘ thereupon whofoever efpicth and proveth duly, that ‘ any Thing be done againft the Intent of the faid two * laft Articles, whereby the faid Forfeiture ought to ‘ fall upon any Perfon, he fhall have half of the fame c Forfeiture for his Labour of the King’s Gift.’

35r

• CAP. III.

None of the King’s Subjects fhall carry forth nor bring any Merchandifes, but only in Ships of

the King’s Allegiance.

ITEM pur encrecer la navie dEngleterre quiel eft ore moelt grandement amenufez eft afientuz Si accor- Repealed by dez qe nul lige perfone del Roi noftre Seiguur face defore efkipper aucunes maneres des merchandifes 1 Ej; c- *3* en alantz hors ou venantz dedeinz le Roialme dEngleterre aucune part forfqe foulement en niefs de la li- * geance noftre Seignur le Roy & queleonqe perfone de la dite Iigeance apres la fefte de Pafqe prochein ve- 3	'

nant a quele fefte comencera primerement cefte ordinance tenir lieu face efkipper merchandifes en autres niefs ou veflelx fur la meer qe de la dite Iigeance forface devers le Roy toutes fes merchandifes es autry veflelx efkippez en queleonqe place qe celles ferront en apres trovez ou la value dicelles des quelles forfaitures le Roi voet & grante qe cellui qi efpiera & duement provera qaucune perfone avera encontre cefte ordinance rienz forfait ent cit la tierce partie pur fon travaill del doun le Roi.

CAP. IV.

The feveral Prices of feveral Sorts of Wines to be fold in Grofs or by Retale, and the Forfeiture of thofe which do fell them dearer.

ITEM quant as vins de Gafcoign de la Roc’nele Qfeye & dEfpaign Si vins Rynoifes eft ordenez Si aflen- Rep. gr. 2.

tuz qe ft nul Engleys veulle defore pafler la meer pur les ditz vins querere & de les amefner aucune c. 7. part deinz mefme le Roialme ne les vende ne ne puifie vendre fes vins deir.z mefme le Roialme fur peine de ZR‘ forfaiture dicell oultre le pris defiouz limitez ceftaflavoir le tonell de meillour vin de Gafcoign dOfeye ou	/	*'

dEfpaigne a cent foldz Si autres tonell de commune vin de mefmez lez paiis pur meindre pris felonc Power^toKrr.gs la value come pur fept marz fix marz Si di’ Si fix marz et le tonnel de meillour vin de la Rochell pur fix great officer: to marz et le tonell dautre tiel vin de meindre pris felonc la value come pur cink marz &di’ cink marz Si l* the Price: of quatre marz & di’ & quatre marz Si pipes Si autres veflelx de meindre quantitee dicell vins foient venduz ffr,ga’ as ditz pris felonc laftcrant des tonelx dc .la bountee del vin. Et quant a retaill des ditz novelx vins de Gafcoign dOfeye & dEfpaign a amefners deinz mefme le Roialme par les Engleis ne foit le galon de meillour tiel vin venduz deinz le Roialme avantdit fur paine de forfaire tout le veflel & vin devers le Roi outre fix deniers Si dedeinz felonc la value & la galon de meillour vin de la Rochell a quatre deniers & dedeinz felonc la value. Et quant a vin Rynoife a amefner deinz mefme le Roialme pur ce qe les veflelx ne les afmes de vin Rynoife ne contiegnent point mefure en ccrtein eft afientuz & accordez qe la galon de meillour vin Rynoife nen groos ne a retaill foit venduz nul part deinz le Roialme avantdit par les ditz Engleis oultre fix deniers fur mefme la peine. Et auxint eft afientuz qe fi nul Engleis refufe & ne veulle vendre en groos fes vins mis a vente pur le pris defiuis limitez einz les veulle garder foulement pur vendre a retaili ou en autre manere oultre le pris defiuis limitez en fraude & contre la forme de cefte ordinance ait Si eient les mair baillifs & les autres governours del citee burgh ville ou autre lieu deinz qi poair ou jurifdidtion les ditz vins ferront trovez foit il deinz franchifes ou dehors poair par cefte ordenance apres ce qe lachatour avera felonc cefte ordinance refonablement profrez la monoie pur yceulx vins une foitz ou deux au vendeour dicell vins de faire deliverance dicell vins efteantz en bargayn as ditz achatours Si les lours deliveront en fait fitoft come ils ent ferront requis pur le pris defiuis ordenez. Et fi nul des ditz mairs baillifs ou autres governours apres ce qil ent ferra duement requis refufe de faire & ne face la dite deliverance & ce provez duement forface devers noftre Seignur le Roi la value des ditz vins iffint acha-tres. Et lentention du Roi neft inye de reftreindre les taverners & autres vendours des vins les cariantz en paiis par charetts Si en autre manere par cefte ordinance qils ne purront eftnancier le pris de lours vins pur coftage del cariage affaire par eux refonablement felonc ce qad efte ordenez devant cefte heure quele ordenance foit duement tenuz & mis en execution et par efpecial ne foit mye efhanciez defore fur le galon de vin pur cariage de cynquante leues qe une maille tantfoulement & femblablement pur meindre ou grein-dre cariage affaire qe par cynquante leues foit enhanciez fur le galon de vin felonc lafterant Si nemye plus oultre fur peine de forfaiture dicelles vins. Et comencera cefte ordenance de vins a tenir lieu fitoft come ■ aucuns novelx vins ferront amefnez deins le Roialme avantdit.

CAP.

-	.	r	*

I

Stat. i

Anno quinto R i c H a r d i II,

A. D. 1381.

C A P. V.

Sweet Wines and Claret not to be fold by Retale in England after the Feaft of the Nativity of

St. John.

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond.

ITEM ell: accordezqt aflentuz cje le Roi defende eftroitement qe nul manere de vin doulce on de clarree foit defore apres la Nativitee Seiyit Johan profchein venant venduz a retaille aucunepart deinz la Roialme dEngleterre deinz franchife ou dehors fur peine de forfaiture dicell. Et voet le Roi qe celluy qi efpiera & duenient provera ou ferra-pfqvcT qacun ait venduz afcuns maneres des vins doulces ou de clarree a retaill ou autrement mefpris ou forfait apres les termes limitez deffuis et contre la forme de ceftes ordenances des vins en aucun point par out il devra par la forme dicell rienz forfaire devers le Roi eit il la moitec dicelles forfaiturcs pur fon travaill del doun le Roi.

CAP. VI.

i he King’s Pardon to thofe that repreffed or took Revenge of his Rebels.

■Ei£ P.	Y	T-EM	noftre Seignur le Roi entendant qe plufours Seignurs et gentils de fon Roialme et autres avec euS

JL en les rumour et inlurredllon des villeins et dautres malfaifours qore tard fe leverent traiteroufement par aiTemblces et outrageoufe nomhre en diverfes parties du Roialme contre Dieux bone foi et refon et contre la dignitee noftre Seignur le Roi et fa cordne et les loyes de fa terre firent diverfes punilTementz fur les ditz villeins et autres traitours fanZ due proces de loye et autrement qe les loys et ufages de la terre demandent combien qe ce firent ils nounpas de malice pfirpenfez einz foulement pur lour contreefter et ■iippaifer et cefier le nrefehief apparant et confiderant les grantz diligence et loialtee des ditz Seignurs et gentils en celle partie qe -he furent mye apprls des ditz loys et ufages et irsefqe ils fuflent a cell foitz len nd poaift fur les ditz punififementz avoir attendu proces de lav et qe ce firent ils a bone entente de lours avis ct bones diferetions et veullant par tant lour faire grace ficome moelt grantement lont deferviz de laffent ■avantdit ad pardonez et relefl’ez as ditz Seignurs gentils et as autres qelconqes en lour eide efteantz a cell fait et a chefcun de eux quanqe a luy ent appartient ou a lui et fes heirs purra appartiegner iffint qe en temps avenir pur chofe quelconqe ce foit fait par eux fur les ditz punifiementz en refiftence ils ne foient jamais empefehez 11c grevez en corps biens ne cn lour heritages et pofieffions par aucune voie par noftre Seignur lc Roi fes heirs ou miniftres nautres quelconqes en temps avenir mais oultrement ent foient quitz a touz jours par cell grant & eftatut fanz autre pardon ou chartre ent avoir en efpecial.

CAP. VII.

ManumhTions, Rekafes, and other Bands made in the laft Tumult by Compulfion, Jfhall be void. It fhall be Treafon to begin a Riot, Rout, or Rumour.

Rep. 1 Ed. 6, *fc. 12.

See 1 Geo. 1. flat. 1. * c. 5. Little!, f. 43. Kcilv,'. 2.

ITEM eft ordenez et aflentuz qetoutes maneres de manumiffions obligations relefle et dautres liens faitz par compulfion duretee et manace en temps de ceftes derrain rumour et ryot encontre les loys de la terre et bone foy foient de tout caflez irritez et tenuz pur voides et ceux qi ont fait faire ou detiegnent encores tielles manumiffions obligations relefTes liens et autres faitz iffint par durefee faitz foient envoies de-vant le Roi et fon confeil pur ent lefpondre illoeqes de lour fait et oultre foient compellez de faire deliverance et reftitution de les faitz avantditz as ceux qi les firent encontte lour bon gree avec les copies dicelles fi nulles par cas ent averont faitz par devant pur autre foitz ufer ou renoveller lefre<5l dicel fils poiaflent. Et femblablement eft accordez qe toutz entrees faitz es terres ou tenementz et auxint toutes feoffementz faitz en temps du dit rumour par compulfion et manace ou autrement a force des gentz encontre la loy foient voides et tenuz pur nulles. Et lc Roi defende eftroitement a toutes maneres des gentz fur peine de quanqe ils purront forfaire devers luy en corps et en biens qe nully defore face ne recomence par voie quelconqe celles riot et rumour nautres femblables. Et fi nully le face et’ce provez duement foit fait de luy come de traitre au Roi et a fon dit Roialme.

* Read fiat, s.

CAP. VIII.

The Penalty where any doth enter into Lands where it is not lawful, or with Force.

Godbolt 345. pi. l3o. Carthew 497, Regift. 182. Enforced and amended by 35 R. 2. c. 2. 4 H. 4. c. 8.

8 H. 6. c. 9. •which it explained by 31 £liz. c. U,

*	AND alfo the King defendeth, That none from

*	henceforth make any Entry into any Lands and

*	Tenements, but in Cafe where Entry is given by the

*	Law; and in fuch Cafe not with ftrong Hand, nor c with Multitude of People, but only in peaceable and ‘ eafy Manner. (2) And if any Man from henceforth ‘ do to the contrary, and thereof be duly convidt, he c fhall be punifhed by Imprifonment of his Body, and

*	thereof ranfomed at the King’s Will.’

ET auxint le Roi defende qe nully defore face entree en aucunes terres et tenementz finoun en cas ou entree eft done par la loy-et en cell cas nemye a forte main ne a multitude des gentz einz tantfoulement en lifible et aifee manere. Et fi nully defore face a contraire et ent foit convi£l: duement foit puniz par emprifonement de fon corps et dil-loeqes reint a la voluntee le Roi.

10II. 7. f. 27.

11 H, 7. f. 15. See farther 23 //, 8. e,

21 Jac. is c« 15. whereby JuJIUcs are enabled to gtve ReJlitutijn in certain Cafes.

CAP.

CAP. IX.

A Remedy for them whofe Writings were deftroyed in the late Infurreflion.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM touchant les chartres relefles obligations et autres faitz et munimentz arfez deftruitz ou autre-ment efloignez en mefme le rumour eft aflentuz qe ceux qi fe ent fentent grcvez ent mettent lours petitions diftindtement faitz fur lour matire en efpecial devant le Roi et fon confeil parentre cy et la nativitee de Seint Johan prochein venant a plus tard et illoeqes facCnt fuffifante proeve de mefmes les munimentz iffint perduz et de la forme et tenure dicelles et ce fait tiel remede lour ent ferra proveuz a checuny compleint come meultz femblera a faire en la cas falvant la loy.

C A P. X.

Every Perfon that is impeached in the Exchequer, may plead in his own Difcharge.

ITEM pur ce qe grevoufe pleinte ad efte fovent fait des officers de Lefcheqier de ce qe les heirs executours occupiours des biens & terre tenantz de diverfes perfones qont efte empefchez en dit efche-qier des dettes accompts '& dautres demandes & les queux combien qils fe ont offertz illoeqes a mon-Itrer ou pleder pur lours defcharges de ceux em-pefchementz felonc la loy toutes voies ils nont mye efte a ce refceuz devant ces heures fanz avoir ex-pres comandement par brief ou lettre de grant ou prive feal a grant difaife mefchief & delay des ditz empefchez & nul avantage au Roi Si eft ordenez & aflentuz qe les Barons del dit efcheqier aient de-fore plein poair doier chefcuny refponfe de quel-conqe demands fait en mefme lefcheqier iffint qe chefcune perfone qe y foit empefchez ou empef-cheable de qi’.elconqe caufe par lui mefmes ou par autre perfone foit defore refceuz en dit efcheqier a pleder fuer & avoir fon defcharge refonable en cell part fanz attend re ou fuer brief lettre ou autre mandement quelconqc.

“ ITEM, Becaufc that grievous Complaint hath “ X oftentimes been made of the Officers of the Ex-“ chequer, for that the Heirs, Executors, Occupiers “ of Goods, and Land Tenants of divers Perfons “ which have been impeached in the faid Exchequer, “ of Debts, Accompts, and other Demands, and “ which although they have offered them there to fhew, “ or plead for their Difcharge of thofe Impeachments “ according to the Law, they have not been always “ thereunto received heretofore, without having ex-“ prefs Commandment by Writ, or Letter of the “ Great or Privy Seal, to the great Difquietnefs, Mif-“ chief, and Delay of the faid Perfons impeached, and “ no Advantage to the King;” ‘ (2) it is ordained ‘ and aflented, That the Barons of the faid Exchequer ‘ fhall from henceforth have full Power to hear every ‘ Anfwer of every Demand made in the fame Exche-4 quer, fo that every Perfon that is impeached or im-* peachable of any Caufe by himfelf, or by any Perfon, ‘ fhall be from henceforth received in the fame Exche-‘ quer to plead, fue, and have his reafonable Difcharge ‘ in this Behalf, without tarrying or fuing any Writ, ‘ or other Commandment whatfoever.’

CAP. XI.

The Covenants of thofe that fhall ferve the King in his Wars or EmbafTies fhall be put in

Writing, and fent into the Exchequer.

ITEM pur ce qe grantz mefchiefs ont efcheuz devant ces heures a diverfes perfones fibien a les Seignurs du Roialme come as autres qe furent re-tenuz ou affignez de fcrvir a noftre Seignur le Roi par endentures ou fanz endentures en fes guerrcs fes mcftageries ou cn autre manere & par celles caufes refcevrent certeins fommes de deniers a la refceite del dit efcheqier ou aillours par affignemcnt les quelles fommes aient efte mifes fur eux es irolles del dit efcheqier come deniers refceuz par voie dap-preft & par tant celles fommes currerent en de-mande fur eux a lefcheqier come dette cler & combien qe les dites perfones enfi retenuz lours heirs executours occupiours des biens ou terre tenantz apres lour mort aient demandez pur eftre refceuz daccompter de les fommes refceuz ne pur quant ce md mye efte a eux grantez einz ont efte con-llreintz de purfuer lour garant de grant ou prive feal diredi: as Treforer & Barons illoeqes par quel fuft commandez as Treforer & Barons daccompter avec eux eri celle partie les qpeux garantz meint-fqitz ont efte deniez a caufe qe les pfficers du Roi uovellcment creez par cas navoient coniflance de Vol. I.	.....................

“ |TEM, Becaufe that great Mifchiefs have hap-“ P, pened in'Times paft to divers Perfons, as well to “■Lords of the Realm, as other, which were retained “ or affigned to ferve our Lord the King by Indentures “ or without Indentures, in his Wars and his Mef~ “ fages, or in other Manner, and for the fame Caufes “ receive certain Sums of Money at the Receipt of the “ faid Exchequer, or elfewnere by Affignment, which “ Sums have been put upon them in the Rolls of the “ faid Exchequer, as Money received by Way of Loan, “ and for that Caufe the fame Sums fliouid run in De-“ mand upon them at the Exchequer as a clear Debt, “ although the faid Perfons fo retained, their Heirs, “ Executors, Occupiers of their Goods, or Land Te-“ nants, after their Death have demanded to be aci-“ mitted to Accompt of the Sums received, which “ hath not been granted to them, but they have been “ conftrained to purfue their Grant * by the Great, or ‘ “ Privy Seal directed to the Treafurer and Barons “ there, whereby it was commanded to the Treafurer “ and Barons to accompt with them in this Behalf;-“ (2) which Warrants oftentimes have been denied, “ becaufe that the King’s Officers' newly made percafe •' Zz	‘had

*	353.

Enforced by 6 It, 2. * c. 4,

* Add flat. 1.

4 Inft. no.

Warrant.

The Covenants of thofe which fhajl be retained to fervethe King in his Wars or Embafiles /hall he fent into the Exchequer.

Anno quinto R

“ had no Knowledge of fuch Retaining made before “ their Time ; and fometime have been granted, but 44 not fo fully as Reafon and the Cafe required : (3) “ And for as much as the fame Warrant would that “ Accompt Ihould not be received, but only of the “ Sum fo received by Loan, whereas a greater Sum “ percafe was due to them of Reafon, to the great “ Mifchief and Hinderancc of the faid Perfons;” 4 (4) it is ordained and affented, That of all People 4 which from henceforth lhall be retained or affigned 4 to ferve the King, their Covenants lhal] be put in

*	Writing, and fent to the Exchequer, there to re-4 main of Record ; fo that at what Time that any Per-

*	fon fo retained, his Heirs, or Executors, Occupiers 4 of the Goods, or Land-Tenants, come to accompt 4 thereof at the Exchequer, they lhall be thereto re-j ceived, and have due Allowance in their Accompt, 4 according to the Content of their Covenant. (;) If 4 percafe any Repeal or Countermand be made of fuch

*	Retinue of any Perfon after that his Covenants be ‘ put in Writing, and fent to the faid Exchequer, as 4 is aforefaid, the fame Repeal likewife lhall be put in 4 Writing, and fent to the Exchequer, fo that by the

*	Sight of the fame Repeal, and of the Covenants be-4 fore there fent, the Barons of the faid Exchequer

*	fhali do right to the Party according as the Law and 4 Reafon demandetb. (6) And if any Thing be due 4 unto them by the fame Accompt, that thereof by ‘ Certificate of the fame Exchequer, the Treafurer and

*	the Chamberlains lhall make Payment or Affign-4 ment to them without tarrying or fuing other War-

*	rant or Commandment of the Great or Privy Seal in

*	this Behalf.’

CHARDI II.	A.	D. 1381.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. tielx retenuz faitz devant lours temps Sc afcun foitz ont elte grantez mais noun pas fi pleinement come refon & le cas demandoient pur tant qe cel garant voloit qe laccompte ne deuft ellre refceuz forfqe foulement de la fomme enfi refceue dappreft la ou greindre fomme par cas lour full due de refon a grant mefchief & anientiffement des ditz perlbaes efr ordenez Sc affentuz qe de toutz gentz qi defore ferront retenuz ou aflignez de fervir a noftre Seig-nur le Roi foient les covenances mifes en efcrit Sc envoiez en lefcheqier a y demorer dc record iffint qe a quele heure qe perfone enfi retenue fes heirs executours occupiours des biens ou terre tenantz viegne ou viegnent daccompter de ce en lefcheqier foient ils a ce refceuz Sc aient due allowance en lour accompte felonc la contenuede lour covenant. Et fi par cas afcun repell ou contremandement foit fait de tiel retenue daucune perfone apres qe fes. covenances foient mifes en efcrit & envoiez al dit efcheqier come deffus eft dit foit mefme le repell femblablement mis en efcrit Sc envoiez al efcheqier avantdit iffint qe par la veue de cell.repell & des covenances devant illoeqes envoiez lea Barons del dit efcheqir racent droit a la partie felonc ce qe la loy Sc refon demander.t. Et fi rienz lours foit due par mefmes les accompts qe de ce par certification de mefme lefcheqier le's Treforer Sc Chamberlains lour facent paiement ou affignement fanz at-tendre ou fuer autre garant ou mandement du grant ou prive feal in celle partie..

CAP. XII.

The Accompts in the Exchequer Lhall be more fpeedii'y Heard than they were wont.

ITEM it is ordained and affented, That the Accompts in the Exchequer lhall be more Ihortly 4 heard, made, and ingrofled, than they were wont 4 heretofore ; faving always, that the Parcels of the 4 fame Accompts be made as fully as they were wont ‘ in Times pall, and that by Ordinance to be made by 4 the Barons of the faid Exchequer, there to endure of 4 Record for ever.’

CAP.

ITEM eft ordenez Sc affentuz qe les accorrrptes-en lefcheqier foient plus briefment oiez faitz Sc engroffez qils ne foloient pardevant falve toutesr voies qe les parcelles de mefmes les accomptes foient faitz auxi pleinement come ils foleient eftre: faitz en temps paffe Sc ce par ordenance affaire par les Barons del dit efcheqier a y durer de record pur. tout temps avenir.

XIII.

Two Clerks lhall be affigned to make Parcels of Accompts in the Exchequer^

4 T TEM it is ordained and affented, That two Clerks 4 X lhall be affigned to make Parcels of Accompts in 4 the fame Exchequer to them that will demand the 4 fame; and they lhall be fworn that they fhali com-4 mit no Fallhood in their Office, and lhall take for 4 their Labour of them to whom they ferve reafonably, * according to the Ordinance of the Barons of the laid c. Exchequer.’

ITEM eft ordenez Sc aflentuz qe deux clercs foient affignez pur faire’ parcelles daccomptes en mefme lefcheqier a ceux qe les veullent deman-der Sc foient ils jurez qils ne ferront nulle fauxine en lour office Sc prendront pur lour travaill de ceux as queux ils ferveront refonablement felonc lordir nance des Barons del dit efcheqier..

CAP. XIV.

Accompts of Nichil lhall be put out of the Exchequer. An Accomptant difeharged upon his

Oath.

4 TTEM it is ordained and affented, That the Ac-c X compts of Nichil in the Exchequer lhall be wholly 1 put out; (2) or if any fuch Accompts ought there to

ITEM eft ordenez Sc affentuz qe les accomptes de nichil en efcheqier foient de tout ouftez ou ft aucuns tielx accomptz y deivent demorer foient les

accomptantz

3

Stat. i.

Ex Rot: in Tun. Lond. accomptantz maintenant apres lour feremcnt fait en le dit efcheqicr examinez par les Barons illoeqes fils y purront ou deivent de rienz refpondre au Roi en celle partie. Et fi trovez foit par lour dit fere-ment qe noun adonqes par mefme lour feremcnt foient ils defchargez dautre accompte rendre de-vant afcun auditour toutdys le droit le Roi falvez.

C A

The Clerk of the Pipe, &V. fworn for the

ITEM eft accordcz Sc affentuz qe le clerc de pipe & les remembrancers del efcheqier foient jurrez qe de terme en terme ils verront tant come le dit eicheqier ferra overt toutz les briefs de grant feal Sc lettres de prive feal qe ferront mandez al dit efcheqir mefme le terme pur final defcharge dau-cune perfone du Roialme daucun demande currant -al dit ■efcheqier Si qe chefcun de eux a qi il appar-tient ferra due execution du dit mandcment. Et eft auxint ordenez & affentuz qe les ditz deux remembrancers foient jurrez de lour part qe chefcun terme de cy en avant ils ferront une cedule de toutes les perfones qi ferront defchargez en lour office par juggement ou en autre manere en mefme le terme daucuns demandes en dit efcheqier conte-nante la manere de mefmes les defcharges & de faire liverer celle cedule al dit clerc du pipe mefme le terme au fyn qe mefme le clerc de pipe face ent defcharger les ditz parties en le grant rolle. Et auxint foit le dit clerc du pipe jurrez qe il de terme en terme demandera les ditz cedules & mefmes les cedules par lui iffint refceuez il defchargera les dites parties en manere fuifdite. Et en mefme la manere face le clerc du pipe pur fa partie certifier en eferit as ditz remembrancers de touz tielx defcharges qe ferront faitz en fon office au fyn qe homme defchargez en une place foit defchargez en toutes autres places del dit efcheqir.

RlCHARDl II.

c remain, the Accomptants prefently after their Oath ‘ made in the faid Exchequer ftiall be examined by the ‘ Barons there, if they fhould or ought to anfwer the ‘ King of any Thing in this Behalf. (3) And if it be ‘ found by their faid Oath, that they ought not, then 6 by the fame their Oath they fhall be difeharged to ‘ yield other Accompt before any Auditor, the King’s ‘ Right always faved.’	4

P. XV.

»

Entry of Writs of the Great and Privy Seal.

‘ T TEM it is accqrded and affented, That the Clerk ‘ JL of the. Pipe and the Remembrancers of the Ex-‘ chequer fhall be fworn, that from Term to Term ‘ they fhall fee (whiles the faid Exchequer lhall be ‘ open) all the Writs of the Great Seal, or of the ‘ Privy Seal, which ftiall be fent to the faid Exchequer ‘ the fame Term, for the final Difcharge of any Per-‘ fon of the Realm of any Demand in the faid Exche-‘ quer, and that every of them, to whom it pertaineth,

‘ fhall make due Execution of the faid Commandment.

‘ (2) And alfo it is ordained and affented. That the ‘ faid two Remembrancers fhall be fworn of their Part,

‘ that every Term from henceforth they fhall make a ‘ Schedule of all the Perfons that fhall be difeharged in

*	their Offices by Judgement, or in other Manner in ‘ the fame Term, of any Demands in the fame Exche-‘ quer,- containing the Manner of the fame Difcharges,

‘ and to deliver the fame Schedule to the faid Clerk of

*	the Pipe the fame Term, to the Intent that the fame ‘ Clerk of the Pipe fhall thereof difcharge the faid Par-‘ tics in the great Roll. (3) Alfo the faid Clerk of the ‘ Pipe-ftiall be fworn, that he from Term to Term ‘ fhall require the fame Schedules, and the fame Sche-‘ dules by him fo received, lie fhall difcharge the faid ‘ Parties in the Manner aforefaid. (4) And in the

*	fame Manner, the faid Clerk of the Pipe for his Part

* fhall caufc to be certified in Writing to the faid Re-‘ membrancers of all fuch Difcharges which fhall be ‘ made in his Office, to the Intent that a Man dif-‘ charged in one Place, be difeharged in all other Places ‘ of the faid Exchequer.’

CAP. XVI.

Upon a Judgement of Livery, the Remembrancer fhall caufe the Suit to ceafe.

ITEM coment qe plufours foitz devant ces heures diverfes perfones out euez liveree de lours terres & tenementz hors de mains le Roi par juggement renduz pur eux en Bank le Roi ou aillours Si dy-ceux juggementz aient enapres fait procurer den-voier les tenures des recordz Si proces ent faitz par brief de Mittimus en lefcneqir avantdit al entente pur eux defcharger des accomptes de eux deman-dez fur mefmes les tenementz nientmeins les officers de mefme lefcheqier nont mye volu devant cefte heure ent faire defcharger les dites perfones devant qe mefmes les recordz & proces fuiffent de parole en parole novellement entrez.en lefeheqer & fur ce novel proces fait & novel juggement illoeqes autrefoitz renduz a grant damage Sc delay des parties fanz profit au Roi eft ordeinez Sc affentuz qe defore apres qe tiel record ove le tenure dycelle ferra venuz en dit efcheqer par mandement le Roi come dit eft qe le remembrancer en qi office tiels

“ ¥ TEM, Though that many Times heretofore di-“ iL vers Perfons have had Livery of their Lands and “ Tenements out of the King’s Hands, by Judgement “ given for them in the King’s Bench, or elfewhere, “ and of the fame Judgements after have procured to “ fend the Tenor of the Records and Proceffes thereof “ made by Writ of Mittimus into the faid Exchequer, “ to the Intent for to difcharge them of the Accompts “ demanded of them upon the fame Tenements j ne-“ verthelefs the Officers of the fame Exchequer would “ not in Times paft difcharge the faid Perfons thereof, “ before that the fame Records and Proceffes were “ Word byWord newly entered in the Exchequer, “ and thereupon new Procefs made, and new Judge-“ ments there another Time given, to the great Da-“ rfiage and Delay of the Parties, without Profit to the “ King:” ‘ (2) It is ordained and affented, That ‘ from henceforth after that fuch Record, or the Tenor ‘ of the fame, ftiall come into the faid Exchequer by 2 z 2	.	‘	the

How the Re-mcmbrancer /hall ufe a Judgement of Livery coming out of any Court into the Exchequer. .Altered by 33 H. 8. c.'22i which is repealed, by

12 Car. 2. c. 24.

£ T\ve%

Anno quinto Richardi II.

‘ the King’s "Commandment (as it is faid) that the ‘ Remembrancer, in whofe Office fuch 'Accompts fhall " ‘ be demanded, fhall prefently caufe the Suit to ceafe ‘ in that Behalf, "by Words to be entered upon the Tndorfement of the Writ, vouching the Tenor of the 4 Record of the faid Judgement, without new Judge-• 1 * * 4 ment, or making of Procefs further in this Behalf.’

CAP.

Tlie Fees of the Exchequer Clerks for makin,

JTEM it is afiented, and the King ftraitly defend-eth. That from henceforth nothing fhall be given * for making of a Commiffion in the laid Exchequer ‘ for the Fee of the Clerk which fh?l! make the fame,

4 above Two Shillings only; (2) nor for the Record * of Nifi prius with the Writ, but Two Shillings only,

4 as afore this Time was wont to be done and ufed.’

A.D. 1381.

Ex 'Rot. in Turr. Lond. accomptes feront demandez maintenant face cefler la fuite en celle partie par paroles a entreres fur lendoffement del brief vouchant.le tenure del record del dit juggement fanz novel juggement ou proces faire en celle partie pluis avant.

XVII.

g Commiffions, or Records of Nifi Prius.

ET auxi eft afientuz St le Roi defende eftroite-rnent qe defore ne foit'rienz donez pur tine commiffion affaire en le dit efcheqer pur le fee de clerc qi le ferra oultre deux foldz tantfoulement ne pur le record de' nifi prius avec la brief ft noune qe deux foldz foulement come devant ces heures y foloiet eftre fait Sc ufez.

• Et pur ce vous mandons'qeles ditz.eftabliffementz ■'& ordinances facez duement crier & publier es citees .burghs villes feires marchees Scautres lieux notables deinz voftre baillie deinz franchifes St dehors St duement les gardir St faire tenir feloric le tenour St forme dicelles. Don par tefmoignance de noftre grant feal a Weftm’ le’xvii. jour de May lan de noftre regne quint.

Confimilia rnandata dirigunturfingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

Orciindtiories et concofdie faSie in Parlidmento tento apud Wejlni in era Jiino Sancti johannis ante portam Latinam fidnno quinto.

Other Statutes made at Weftmitifter, Anno 5 Rich. II. Stat. 2. and Anno Porn. 1382.'

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 21.

REX vicecomiti Cornubie falutem. Cum de communi affenfu rioftro ac Procerum Magnatum St Com-munitatum regni noftri Anglie nobis in ultimo parliamento noftro affiftentium pro fecuriori regimine St melioratione regni noftri predidH Sc mercandifarum ejufdem quedam concordie five ordinationes facie fuiffent inter alia Tub hac forma :

1 > O R the common Profit of the Realm of Eng-

‘‘ sH land, * divers Ordinances and Eftablifhments

‘‘ have been made by our Lord the King, the ‘‘ Prelates, Lords and Commons of the faid Realm,

4 being in this ptefent Parliament holden at IVeJhnin-‘‘ filer the Tuefday next 'after;the Feaft of St. John *? Portlatine, the fifth Year of the Reign, of our Lord “ King Richard the Second, in the Form foliow-

*1	>>

PUR commune profit du Roialme dEngleterre aient efte faitz par noftre Seignur le Roy les prelatz Seignurs St communes du dit Roialme efteantz en ceft parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lende-main de feint Johan Portlatyn lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi Richard quint certaines ordinan--ces 8t eftabliffementz en la forme qe fenfuit.

CAP. I.

Merchants Strangers may come unto) continue, and depart forth of the Realm.

YTlrft it is accorded and affented in the Parliament, V That all Manner of Merchants Strangers, of whatfoever Nation or Country they be, being of the Amity of the King and of his Realm, fhall be welcome, and freely may come within the Realm of England^'and elfewhere within the King’s Power, as well within Franchife as without, and there to.be converfant, to merchandife and tarry as long'as them liketh, as thofe whom our faid Lord the King by the Tenour hereof taketh into his Protection and Safeguard, with their Goods, Merchandifes, and all Manner Familiars. (2) And for fo much the King

PRimerement eft afientuz St accordez en parlement qe toutes maneres deftraunges marchantz de quelconqe nation ou paiis qils foient efteantz del amiftee noftre Seignur le Roi St de fon Roialme foient bien venuz Sc franchement venir purront deinz le Roialme dEngleterre Si aillours en le poair noftre dit Seignur fibien deinz franchife come dehors Sc illoeqes converfcr mercba'nder Sc demorer fi longerrient come bon lour femblera come ceux ”les queux treftouz noftre Seignur le Roi par le tenour’ diceftes prehren fa' protedtion Sc falve garde i avec' lour biens merchandifes Sc familiers quelcon-

qes,

. Stat. 2.

357

A. D. 1382.	Anno	quinto	Richardi	II.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. qes. Et par tant voet le Roi k comande qils k chefcun de eux foit k foient bien amiablement k merchandeablement tretez k demefnez toutes partz deinz les ditz Roialme k poair avec lours mer-chandifes k biens quelconqes k foeffertz daler ve-nir k en lours propres paiis peifiblement retournir fanz deftourbance ou empefchement de nully.

‘ willeth and commandeth, That they and every of c them be well, friendly, and Merchant-like intreated ‘ and demeaned in all Parts within his faid.Realm and ‘ Power, with their Merchandifes and all Manner 9 H. 3 flat. r.

*	Goods, and fuff’ered to go and come, and into their c. 30. 9 Eit 3.

*	proper Country peaceably to return, without Dif-■

‘ turbance or Impeachment of any.’	L	n's'

2. c. 7.	16 R. 2. c. I. and izH. 7. c. 6. containing fcveralRt/lriBtms and Alterations.

CAP. II.

Woollfells and Leather may be carried into any Country by Aliens or Denizens, faving into France, until Michaelmas come Twelvemonth. Certain Money (hall be abated to them that will pay their Cuftom beforehand.

ITEM eft affentuz Sc accordez en parlement qe le paflage des leynes quits k peaux lanutz foit overt a EXP.

toutes maneres de marchantz k autres ftbien forcins come denfzeins qi les vorront achater & preftement paier pur ycelles les cuftumes fubfides k devoirs de Caleys duz de cy tanqe a la feint Michel prochein venant en uti an en tiele manere qe en le moien temps ils les piirront faire efkipper & colcetter es portz deinz le'Roialme acuftumez & dilloeqes les faire carier k amefner vers quelconqes parties ils vorront eflire ou choifer de-par dela fanz impediment ou empefchement quelconqe horfpris le Roialme de France. Et enoultre del afient avantdit le Roi voet k grante a touz yceux marchantz k autres qi parentre cy k la quinfzeine de feinte Martyn profehein venant paieront devant la main les ditz fubfides cuftumes k devoirs pur les leynes quirs • & peaux queles ils vorront pafler & faire amefner depar dela parentre le primer jour de September prochein -venant k le dit fefte de feint Michel prochein venant en un an relees k pardon de demy marc a chefcun faak de leyne k de demy marc a chefcun deux centz & quarante peaux lanutz et enfi de lours quirs felonc lafterant fur lours ditz paiementz enfi affaires devant la main come dit eft. Et avec ce averont ils et chefcun deux franchement le paflage diceux lours leynes quirs et peaux a large ou et quant ils vorront come defuis eft dit devant la fefte de feint Michel avantdit fanz empefchement ou impediment quelconqe. Mais len-tention du Roi autrement neft mye qe ceux qi ne paieront les fubfides de lours leynes quirs et peaux la-nutz devant la dite quinfzeine ils paieront entierement les cuftumes fubfides et devoirs de lours leynes quirs et peaux lanutz appalliers depar dela fanz remiftion avoir del dit demy marc par afeune voie. Et le Roi promette et aflentuz eft et accordez par touz les eftatz de parlement qe enconrre ceftes grant et ordinance ne encontre celles perfones qi paieront enfi devant la main et devant la dite quinzeine lours fubfides cuftumes et devoirs et averont par tant le dit paflage de lours leynes quirs peaux lanutz et relees del dit demy marc come dit eft ne ferra fait repell revocation contremandement impediment nautre rier.z quelconqe par noftre Seignur le Roi fon confeil les miniftres ne nul autre qe purra tournir ou foner en deftourbance de lour covenant ou paflage avantdit par voie del monde quelconqe. Et le Roi voet et grante a la requeftede fa v-commune qe les deniers provenantz del fublide des dites leynes quirs et peaux lanutz grantez a darrain parlement foient entierement appliez fur le defens du Roialme dEngleterre et la garde et governance de fes villes et fortrefees depar dela folonc le bon advis des Seignurs du Roialme et les autres fages del confeil noftre Seignur le Roi.

C A P. III. -

A Subfidy granted to the King, fo that the Money that cometh thereby may be wholly im-

pjoyed upon the Keeping of the Sea.

T TEM fur le profre qad efte fait en parlement par les mariners del Weft pur faire une armee fur la meer X adurer decy tanqe a le feint Michel profehein venant en deux ans les Seignurs et communes efteantz -en ceft parlement ont grantez a noftre Seignur le Roi un fubfide de deux foldz a prendre de chefcun tone! de vin et de meindre veffel felonc lafferant amefner deinz le Roialme dEngleterre et auxint vi d. al livre a prendre et receivoir de toutes maneres dautrez merchandifes a amefners hors et venantz deinz le Roialme • avantdit fibien ceftaflavoir des toutes maneres des draps de leyne come dautres merchandifes quelconqes horfpris leynes quirs et peaux lanutz oultre les cuftumes et fubfides ent duez pardevant ceft grant del xxi. -jour de Maii lan prefent tanqe al fefte de feint Michel profehein venant et de mefrne la fefte de feint ' Michel par deux ans entiers profeheinement enfuantz iilint toutes voies qe les deniers ent provenantz foient entierement appliez fur la falve garde de la meer et nul part aillours. Et a la requefte de la commune le Rni voet qe monfieur Johan Philepot chivaler foit refeeivour et gardeyn de les deniers fourdantz del dit fubfide de la ville de Southampton vers le North et Johan Polymond et Thomas Beaupyne foient refeeivours et gardeinsdel dit fubfide en la dite ville de Southampton et dilloeqes vers le Weft par patentes du Roi ent affairs as dites perfones en due forme. Et ferront auxi affignez certains fuffifantz perfones depar • le Roi deftre contrerollours as coillours avantditz. Et averont les ditz gentz efteantz en dite armee entiere- -ment toutz lours gaign s et profitz a departir entre eux durante larmee defuifdite. Et ferront les Admiralx & autres efteantz en dite armee affurez de falver les amys k allies du Roi noftre Seignur fanz dampnage faire a eux ou a nul de eux par afeune voie k fils facent & ceo foit duement provez ils fe obligeront fur grief peyne dent faire duement les amendes.

4

CAP,

Annoquinto Richardi II.

A. D. 1382.

4 Inlt. 10, 43.

* Ed. 3. 1C), 10.

The Pimifli-ment of a She*' _ riff omitting his Returns,

* Not in Orig*

Rep, 1 Ed. 6. c, 12.

1 El. c, r. Hale H. P. C. 334-

CAP. IV.

Every one to whom it belongeth, fhall upon Summons come to the Parliament.

‘ T TEM the King doth will and command, and it 4 H is affented in the Parliament, by the Prelates,

‘ Lords, and Commons, That all and Angular Per-4 fons and Commonalties, which from henceforth fhall 4 have the Summons of the Parliament, fhall come 4 from henceforth to the Parliaments in the Manner as 4 they are bound to do, and have been accuftomed 4 within the Realm of England of old Times. (2) 4 And if any Pcrfon of the fame Realm, which from 4 henceforth fhall have the faid Summons (be he Arch-4 bifhop, Bifhop, Abbot, Prior, Duke, Earl, Baron, 4 Banneret, Knight of the Shire, Citizen of City, 4 Burgefs of Borough, or other Angular Perfon, or 4 Commonalty) do abfent himfelf, and come not at 4 the faid Summons (except he may reafor.ably and 4 honeftly excufe him to our Lord the King) he fhall 4 be amerced, and otherwife punifhed, according as of 4 old Times hath been ufed to be done within the faid 4 Realm in the faid Cafe. (3) And if any Sheriff of 4 the Realm be from henceforth negligent in making 4 his Returns of Writs of the Parliament; or that he 4 leave out of the faid Returns any Cities or Boroughs, 4 which be bound, and of old Time were wont to 4 come to the Parliament, he fhall be * amerced, or 4 othervjife punifhed in the Manner as was accuftomed 4 to be done in the faid Cafe in Times pafl.’

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond.

ITEM voet le Roi & comande Sc eft alfentuz en parlement par les Prelatz Seignurs Sc communes qe toutes Anguleres perfoncs Sc comminaltes qave-rontdefore la fomoncede parlement veignent de cy en avant as parlements par manere come ils font tenuz de faire Sc a efte acuftumez deinz le Roi-aime dEngleterre dauncienete. £t quelconqe per-fone de mefme le Roialme qavera defore la cite fomonce foit il Ercevefqe Evefqe Abbe Priour Due Cont Baron Baneret chivaler de contee citezein de citee burgeis de burgh ou autre Angulere perfone ou comminaltee quelconqe foi abfente ou neveigne mye a la dite fomonce A1 ne fe purra refonable-ment & honeftement ent excufer devers le Roi noftre Seignur foit amerciez & a'utrement puniz felonc ce qe 'auncienement a efte ufez deinz le Roialme avantdit en dit cas. Et A afeun vifeont du Roialme foit defore necligent en feifant fes re-tournes des briefs du parlement ou qil face entre-leffer hors des ditz retournes aucuns citees ou burghs queux font tenuz Sc dauncien temps fo-loient venir a parlement foit puniz en manere qe-ftoit acuftumez deftre fait en le cas dauncienetee.

CAP. V.

Sheriffs commifiioned to apprehend Preachers of Herefy, and their Abettors. The Enormities

enfuing the Preaching of Herefies.

ITEM pur ceo qe notoriee chofe eft coment y a plufours malveies perfones deinz le dit Roialme alantz de coumee en countee Sc de ville a ville en certains habitz fouz difiimulation de grant faintitee Sc fans licence de feint piere le Pape ou des ordinairs des lieux ou autre audtorite fuffif2nte precherit de jour en autre nemye foulement es efglifes Sc cimitoirs einz es marches feires Sc autres lieux publiqes ou greindre congregation du poeple y eft diverfes predications conteignantes hcrefyes Sc errours notorids a grant emble-meflement de la foy Sc deftrudlion de loyes Sc de leftat de feinte cfglife a grand peril des almes du poeple k de tout le Roialme dEngleterre come plus pleinement eft trovez Sc fuffifantenient provez devant le reverent pere en Dieu Lercevefqe de Canterbirs Sc les Evefqes & autres Prelatz & maiftres de divinite Sc dodtours de canoun Sc de civile Sc grant par tie del clergie del dit Roialme efpecialment pur celle caufe aftemblez k les queles perfones prechent auxint diverfes matiers defclaundre pur difeord Sc diflention faire entre diverfes eftatz du dit Roialme Abien temporelx come efpiritelx en commotion du poeple a grand peril de tout le Roialme les queles prechantz citez ou fomonez devant les ordinairs des lieux pur y refpondre dont ils font empefehez ne veullent obeire a lours fomonce Sc mandementz ne lours monitions ne les cenfures de feinte cfglife chargent point einz les defpifent exprefiement Sc enoultre par lours fubtiles paroles attreent Sc engynont le poeple doier lour farmons Sc de les maintenir en lour errours par forte main Sc par grantz routes ordene eft en ceft parlement qe commiffions du Roi foient direftz as vifeontz affaires en la Chancellarie de temps en temps darefter toutz tieux precheours Sc lour fautours maintenours Sc abettours Sc de les tenir en areft k forte prifone tanqe ils fe veullent juftiAer felonc refon Sc la ley de feinte efglife. Et le Roi voet Sc comande qe le Chanceller face tieles commiflions a touz les foitz qil ferra par les prelatz ou afeun de eux eertiffe k ent requis come defltiis eft dit.

NOS volentes didtas Concordias five ordinationes in omnibus Sc Angulis fuis articulis inviolabiliter ob-fervari tibi precipimus quod predidtas Concordias five ordinationes in locis infra hallivam tuam ubi melius expedire videris tam infra libertates quam extra publice proclamari Sc teneri facias juxta formam pre-notatam.

T. R. apud Weftm’ xxvi. die Maii.

Confimilia mandata diriguntur ftngulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

Statutes

Stat. r

359

Anno fexto Richardi II.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 6 Rich. II. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dora. 1382.

Ex Rot. in 'Tun-. Lond. m. 20.

REX vicecomiti Kancie falutem. Scias nos quedam ftatuta ordinationes & remiftiones in ultimo parlia-mento noftro apud Weftm’ tento pro communi utilitate regni noftri Anglie fieri fecifle in hec verba :

rysO the Laud and Honour of Almighty God, a and of our holy Mother the Church, and to the Commodity and Profit of the Realm of England, and of the Commonalty of the fame, our Lord Richard by the Grace of God King of England and of France, and Lord of Ireland, by the Affent of the Prelates, Lords, and Commons of the faid Realm of England, in his Parliament holden at WcjlmhiJIer the Monday in the Utas of St. Michael, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, hath caufed to be made and flablifhed certain Statutes, Ordinances, Remillions, and Pardons, in the Form following:”

A!

D laudem b honorem omnipotentis Dei & farnfte matris ecclefie commoduinque regni Anglie & utilitatem reipublice dominus Ri-tardas Dei gratia rex Anglie & Francic & Dominus Hihernie de Anenfu prelatorum Ducum Co-niitum Baronum & Communitatum dioti regni Anglie in parliamento fuo apud Weftm’ die Lune in oStabis fandfi Michaelis anno regni fui Anglie exto convocato ftatuta quedam ordinationes re-niffiones & pardonationes fieri fecit & ftabiliri in forma fubiequenti.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Statutes not repealed;

t N primis ordinatum eft & concordatum quod I fantta mater ecclcfia Anglicana haboat omnes ibertates fuas integras & illefas-ac eildem plene I prudent & utatur & quod'Magna Carta & Carta de forefta ftatutaque racta de Proviforibus pro liofpi-.io domir.i Regis & aliorum ac omnia alia ftatuta it ordinationes ante hec tempora lacta & nondum evocata in omnibus fuis articulis firmiter obfer-rentur & executioni debite juxta effetftum eorun-lem demandentur.

4 YTIRST it is ordained and accorded, That our 4 |P holy Mother the Church of England have all her f Liberties whole and unhurt, and the fame fully en-4 joy and ufe : (2) And that the Great Charter, and; 4 the Charter of the Foreft, and the Statute of Pur-4 veyors for the King’s Houfe, and for others, and all 4 Statutes and Ordinances hefore this Time made, and 4 not yet repealed, be firmly obferved in all their Ar-4 tides, and put in due Execution according to the 4 Effedl of the fame.’

CAP. II.

Wpits of Debt, Accompt, ff c. fliall be commenced in the Counties where the Contracts were

made.

ITEM ut brevia de debito et computo aliifque hujufmodi adtionibus quecumquede cetero capi-ititur in com’ et dirigantur vicecomitibus com’ ubi :ontra£fus aftionum earundem emerferint ordina-:um eft et concordatum quod decetero in placitis fuper brevibus ill is narratum fuerit contradlum inde fore fadlum in alio comitatu quam in brevi originaJi tontinetur quod tunc incontinent) breve illud pe-nitus cafletur.

4 ITEM, To the Intent that Writs of Debt and 2iE<3.4.. f.47.. 4 I Accompt, and all other fuch Adtions, be from Fit*. Brief, 28, 4 henceforth taken in their Counties, and directed to ^3> 44>274j 4 the Sheriffs of the Counties where the Contrails of 6‘'9, 69,1 4 the fame Adtions did rife; (2) it is ordained and ac-4 corded. That if from henceforth in Pleas upon the 4 fame Writs it fhall be declared. That the Contrail 4 thereof was made in another County than is con-4 tained in the original Writ, that then incontinently 4 the fame'Writ fhall be utterly abated.’	Rafl. 178..

CAP. III.

In which Court Writs of Nufance called Vicentiels, fhall be purlued..

ITEM ordinatum eftet concordatum quod omnia brevia de nocumentis vicecomitalia vulgari-ter nuncupate fiant decetero ad eledfionem queren-tis in natura antiquitus uficata vel etiam in natura affifarum terminabilium coram Juftitiariis domini Regis de uno Banco vel altero feu Juftitiar’ aflila-rtun in comitat’ loci capiend’ affignat’ et aflignand’.,

4 T T E M it is accorded, and ordained. That all Writs 4 I of Nufances, commonly called Vicontieh, fhall be 4 from henceforth made ac the Election of the Plain-4 tiff, in the Nature of old Times ufed, or elfe in the 4 Nature of Aflifes determinable before the King’s Ju-4 ftices of the one Bench or the other, or before the 4 Juftices of Affile to be taken in the County of the'I3 Ed. r. fat.jj. 4 Place affigned or to be alfigned.?	c,	14.

c A Pi.

Anno fexto Rich arc i II

A. D. 1382

5R. 2. fiat, *. c. 8. *

•-Read c, g.

9 H. 3. flat. 1. c. 12. i^Ed.i fat. 1. c. 30.

J4 H. 6. c. 3.

5 Ed. 4, f.6. ~

3 Co. 6j. rJow. 45.

Bto, Earl. 8o. ill, 6. f. 1.

i	CAP.	IV.

Deeds inrolled that were deftroyed in the late Infurredtion, exemplified, fhall be of Force.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordinatum eft & concordatum quod omnia irrotulamenta fa&orum ceterorumque munimentorum in rotulis Caneeilarie utriufqe Bancorum & fcaccarii Regis ante hec tempora irrotulatorum & poft-modum per proditores domini Regis &c regni in infurredlione nuper infra idem regnum feditiofe fuborta dila-ceratorum feu alias elongatorum fub magno figillo domini Regis abfque feodo figilli inde folvendo forma debita exemplilicentur quodque exemplifieationes ille fic habite ejufdem fint vigoris & effedtus in omnibus ficut fadla & munimenta ilia forent ft integra & illefa habita fuiffent.

CAP. V.

Juftices of Aflife, &c. fball hold their Seffions in principal Towns.

4 T TEM it is ordained and accorded, That the Ju-4 A ftices affigned and to be affigned to take Affifes 4 and deliver the Gaols, (hall from henceforth hold 4 their Seffions in the principal and chief Towns of 4 every of the Counties, where the Shire Courts of 4 the fame Counties be holden, and hereafter {hall be * 4 holden.’

ITEM ordinatum eft et concordatum quod Ju-ftiarii ad affifas capiendas et gaolas deliberandas affignati et affignandi decetero teneant feffiones fuas in principalibus et capitalibus villis fingulorum co-mitatuum ubi videlicet comitatus eorundem comi-tatuum tenentur vel impofterum tenebuntur.

Farther provided for 11 R. 2. c. 11. giving Chancellor and JuJltces Poiver to appoint 'where jffftfesJhall be held.

C A P. VI.

The Penalties of the Man and Woman, where a Woman ravifhed doth confent. In an Appeal of Rape the Defendant fhall not wage Battel.

“ I TEM, Againft the Offenders and Ravifhers of 44 A Ladies, and the Daughters of Noblemen, and 44 other Women in every Part of the faid Realm, in 44 thefe Days offending more violently, and much more 44 than they were wont;” 4 (2) it is ordained and fta-4 blifhed. That wherefoever and whenfoever fuch La-4 dies, Daughters, and other Women aforefaid be ra-4 vifhed, and after fuch Rape do confent to fuch Ra-4 vifhers, that as well the Ravifhers, as they that he 4 ravifhed, and every of them, be from thenceforth 4 difabled, and by the fame Deed be unable to have or 4 challenge all Inheritance, Dower, or Joint-Feoff-4 ment after the Death of their Hufbands and Ancef-4 tors. (3) And that incontinently in this Cafe the 4 next of the Blood of thofe Ravifhers, or of them 4 that be ravifhed, to whom fuch Inheritance, Dower, 4 or Joint-Feoffment ought to revert, remain, or fall 4 after the Death of the Ravifher, or of her that is fo 4 ravifhed, fhall have Title immediately, that is to fay, 4 after the Rape, to enter upon the Ravifher, or her 4 that is ravifhed, and their Affigns, and Land-Te-4 nants in the fame Inheritance, Dower, or Jointr 4 Feoffment, and the fame to hold in State of Inheritance. 4 (4) And that the Hufbands of fuch Women, if they 4 have Hufbands, or if they have no Hufbands in Life, 4 that then the Fathers, or other next of their Blood, 4 have from henceforth the Suit to purfue, and may 4 fue againft the fame Offenders and Ravifhers in this 4 Behalf, and to have them thereof convidl of Life, 4 and of Member, although the fame Women after 4 fuch P.ape do confent to the faid Ravifhers. (3) And 4 further it is accorded, That the Defendant in this 4 Cafe fhall not be received to wage Battel, but that 4 the Truth of the Matter be thereof tried by Inqui-4 fition of the Country; (6) faving always to our Lord 4 the King, and to other Lords of the faid Realm, all

ITEM contra malefactores et raptores domina-rum et filiarum nobilium aliarumque mulierum violentius et plus folito hiis diebus quaff in omni parte regni predicli invalefcentes ordinatum eft et ilatutum quod ubicunque et quandocunque hujuf-modi domine filie et alie mulieres predicate decetero rapiantur et poft hujufmodi raptumhujufmodi rap-toribus confenferint quod tarn raptores five rapien-tes quam rapte et eorum quilibet decetero inhabili-tentur et inhabiles fint ipfo fadlo ad omnem here-ditatem dotem five conjundtum feoffamentum poft mortem virorum et anteeefforum fuorum habend’ vel vendicand’. Etquod ftatim in hoc cafu proxi-mus de fanguine eorundem rapientium et raptarum cui hereditas dos feu conjundtum feoffamentum de-feendere reverti remanere vel accidere deberet poft mortem rapientis vel rapte habeat titulum immediate ftatim fcilicet poft raptum intrandi fuper ra-pientem vel raptam ac eorum affignatos et terre tenentes in eifdem hereditate dote feu conjunc-to feoffamento et ilia hereditarie tenend’. Et quod viri hujufmodi mulierum fi viros habuerint vel fi viros non habuerint fuperftites quod tunc patres vel alii de fanguine eorundem propinqui-ores decetero habeant fedlam profequendi et fe-qui poterunt verfus eofdem malefadlores et raptores in hac parte et illos inde quamvis eedem mulieres poft hujufmodi raptum didtis raptoribus confenferint de vita et membro convincendi. Et ultcrius concordatum eft quod defendens in hoc cafu ad duellum vadiandum miniine recipiaturlmmo rei ve-ritas inde per inquifitionem patrie trietur Sal vis femper Domino Regi et ceteris dominis regni ny-

difti

A. D. 1382.

Anno fexto Richardi II.

Stat. 1.	361

Ex Rot. in T'urr. Lond. di£li de raptoribus illis fi fortaffis inde convincantur in omnibus efcaetis fuis.

‘ their Efcheats of the faid Ravifhers, if peradventure c->3-‘ they be thereof convi£t.’	13	Ed.	1. flat. 1.

3	c.	34.	OiC	13

£1. c. 7, which takes away Clergy from Offences of Rape ; and the Sell, of the fame Stalutey which makes it Felony without Clergy to have carnal Knowledge *f a Woman Child under the Age of Ten Tears*

CAP. VII.

At what Prices fweet Wines may be fold.	.

ITEM licet nuper in parliamento didti Regis apud Weftm’ in craftino Animarum anno regni fui quinto Rep.7R. 2.

ordinatum fuiffet quod aliqua vina dnlcia in regno fuo predidto nullatenus fub forisfadhira eorundem c-"-poft feftum fandti Johannis Baptifte proximo preteritum ad retalliam venderentur dc aflenfu tamen predicto * • 2- ‘:at- r* ordinatum eft jam Sc concordatum quod eadem vina dulcia ubique in regno predidho ad pretium quo vina. de Vafcon’ Sc Rinens’ vendi contigerit Sc non ultra fub pena forisfadture eorundem ad retalliam vendi pote- 2gH. S. c. 14. runt didta priori ordinatione non obftantc.

CAP. VIII.

Where no Englifh Ships are to be had, others may be ufed.

ITEM licet in eodem parliamento alias ordinatum fuiffet quod nulltts ligeus domini Regis poft feftum Pafche proximo futurum aliqua mercandifas feu bona extra regnum Angiie educenda feu infra idem regnum adducenda in aliquibus navibus fub pena foi isfadture bonorum Sc mercandifarum predidtorum vel valoris eorundem preterquain in navibus de ligeantia Regis predidti aliqualiter efkipparet de affenfu tamen predidto ordinatum eft& concefliim quod quamdiu naves de ligeantia ejuldcm domini Regis in partibus ubi eofdem mercatores converfari contigerit habiles Sc fufficientes inveniantur quod didta ordinatio tantum locum habeat fic quod tunceafdem naves de ligeantia regis fub pena predidla pre aliis omnibus navibus de mercan-difis fuis frettare teneantur Alioquin vero liceat prefatis mercatoribus alias naves competentes conducere Sc ibidem de bonis & mercandifis fuis frettare didto priori ftatuto non obftante.

’ CAP. IX.

No Vidtualler fhall execute a Judicial Place in a City or Town Corporate.

ITEM ordinatum eft Sc ftatutum quod nec in Civitate London nec in aliis civitatibus burgis villis vel Rep. 7 Ric. 2.

portubus maris per totum regnum predidtum aliquis vitallarius officium judiciale decetero habeat exer- c< ”• ceat neque occupet quovifmodo niff in villis ubi alia perfona fufficiens ad hujufmodi ftatum habendum re-periri non poterir. In quo tamen cafu idem Judex pro tempore quo in officio illo fteterit ab exercitio vi-tallarie fub pena foi isfacturc vidtualium fuorum fic venditorum penitus cefTet Sc fe abftineat per fc et fuos 12 Ed. 2. fiat. t, omnino ab codem.	c-	6•

Altered ly

C A ?. X.	3H	S.c	8.

5R. 2. flat. I. c. 3.

Seet^Vl. 7. c. 10. 23 H. 8. c. 7.

32H. 8. c. 14, Rep. 1 El. c. 13. 5 El- c. 5.

13EI. c. j5.

Aliens being in Amity with the King, may bring in Vidtuals, and fell them.

ITEM ordinatum eft et concordatum quod qui--cunque forinfeci et alienigene de amicitia Regis et regni exiftentes venientefque infra didlam Civi-tatem London’ et alias civitates burgos et villas infra 'regnum predictum tarn infra iibertates quam extra cum pifcilvas et aliis vidbualibus quibufeunque ibidem morando et ad propria redeundo fint decetero fub falva garda et fpe.ciali protedtione domini Regis predidti et ibidem liceat eis et eorum cuilibet ac vi-gore prefentium de cetero poterunt pifees et vidtua-lia predicta abfque impedimento et contradidtione cujufcunqe feindere per pecias taliiare ac in parte vel in toto et ad retalliam five in grofTo prout fibi melius placuerit vendere atque commodum fuum indc facere quibufeunque ftatutis cartis ordinatio-nibus privilegiis feu conluetudinibus fadtis velhabi-tis in contrarium non obftantibus.

c T TEM it is ordained and accorded, That all Man- Rotated hj ‘ JL ner of Foreigners and Aliens being of the Amity 7 R. 2. c, u. 1 of the King, and of his Realm, and coming within 4 the faid City of London, and other Cities, Boroughs,

4 and Towns within the faid Realm, as well within 4 Liberties as without, with Fifh and all Manner of 4 other Victuals, there tarrying and going again to their ‘ own Countries, fhall from henceforth be under the ‘ Safeguard and the fpecial Protedlion of our faid Lord 4 the King; (2) and there it fhall be lawful to them 4 and every of them, and by Force of thefe Prefents 4 they may from henceforth cut their Fifties and Vic-4 tuals aforefaid, without Impeachment or denying of 4 any Man, in Pieces, and in Part, or in all, at Re-4 tale, or in Grofs, as to them beft fhall feem, to fell 4 and make their Profit; any Charters, Statutes, Or-4 dinances, Privileges, or Cuftoms made or had to the Confirmed fy 4 contrary notwithstanding.’	2	tt.	4.	17.

14N.6.1.6.

Anno fexto Richardi II<

A. D. 1382.

CAP. XI.

Hofts in Cities, Towns, &c. on the Sea-coafts, fhall not foreftall Fiffi or other Victuals. Fiffimongers of London may not buy freffi Fifh to fell again, except Eds,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Rep. 7_R.j.	t T EM ordinatum eft et concordatum quod quicunque hofpites tam apud diclam Civitatem London et

**	A villas Magne Jernemuth Scardeburgh Wynchelfee et Rye quam etiam in quibufcunque aliis villis et locis

fuper cofteram maris et alibi per totum regnum predidum tam infra libertates quam extra decetero penitus cefi’ent et amoveantur ab eorum videlicet nocivis et iniquis fadis et forftallariis et in fpeciali per dominum Regem inhibitum eft eifdem ne ipfi vel eorum aliquis fub periculo quod incumbit ulterius intromittat fe inbraciaiidi allec vel pifces alios feu vidualia quecunque feu colore alicujus confuetudinis ordinationis pri-vilegii vel carte prius in contrarium fade vel habite que tenore prefentium penitus funt revocata impedimen-tum aliquod clam vel palam faciant inferant vel fieri procurent aliquibus pifcatoribus feu vitallariis indigent feu alienigenis de amicitia Regis exiftentibus quominus ipfi feu eorum aliquis artentur vel artetur ad venden-dum pifces et vidualia fua ubi quando et cuicunque perfone voluerint infra regnum predidum pro fue libito voluntatis. Et infuper inhibitum eft fpecialiter omnibus et fingulis hofpitibus predidis 112 quis ipforum fub pena predida fe intromittat decetero vendendi emendi vel conventionandi quemcunque pifcem mariti-mum frifcunt ad opus alicujus piffonarii vel alterius civis dide Civitatis London’ et confimiliter inhibitum eft omnibus pifioiiariis et civibus ejufdem Civitatis London’ ne quis eorum fub eadem pena longe ab eadem Civi-iate neque prope eandein quemcunque pifcem maritimum frifcum neque de aqua dulci decetero emat ad re-vendendum in eadem Civitate exceptis anguillis frifcis et luciis et pyk.es qui tam indigenis quam forinfecis in eommuni fintet remaneant ad emend’vel vendend’ dum tamen indigeni forinfecos infra Civitatem illam nul-latenus impediant ad vendend’ hjufmodi pifcem quotiens pifces illos duxerint feu duci fecerint ad Civitatem predidam.

CAP. XII.

All chief Officers of Towns Corporate ffiall be fworn to obferve the aforefaid Ordinance

touching Fiffimongers.

Rep. 7 R. 2.	g"TEM ordinatum eft quod quicunque Major London pro tempore exiftens fpecialiter inter cetera decetero

JL oneretur in facramento fuo ad fcaccarium Regis preftando quod ipfe ordinationem de piflonariis et vitallariis ut predidum eft fadam infra ballivam fuam tenebit acteneri et cuftodiri faciet executionique debite omni favore poftpofito de tempore in tempus debite demandabit. Et modo confimili onerentur decetero in fpeciali majores ballivi et omnes alii gubernaculum civitatum burgorum et villarum ac hujufmodi vitallariorum op* tinentes ubique per totum regnum predidum infra libertates et extra in fingulis facramentis fuis fuper nova, creatione fua in officiis fuis preftandis videlicet quod hujufmodi ordinationem de vitallariis quantum ad eoset eorum quemlibetattinet in ballivis fuis teneri facient et firmiter cuftodiri-

CAP. XIIL

The King’s Pardon to his Subjects after the late Infurrecftion, with Exceptions.'

ITEM ad inftantem fupplicationem commur.itatis regni predidi idem dominus nofter Rex de gratia fua-fpeciali et de aftenfu preaido et ut eadem communitas decetero in fide diledione et obedientia ipfius do-mini Regis etheredum fuorum ferventius permaneat ac pacifice ubique in regno predido fe gerat pardonavit et remifit omnibus et fingulis ligeis et regnicolis fuis cujufcunque flatus gradus feu conditionis fuerint exceptis illis omnibus quorum nomina alias in parliaments ipfius domini Regis annis regni ejufdem Regis quinto et fexto ab omni gratia per ipfum regem tunefada excipienda liberatafuerunt tanquam videlicet prin-cipalium inceptorum abettatorum et procuratorum infurredionrs nuper. infra regnum predidum proditorie fuborte unde redati funt nec non tribus aliis perfonis civibus London qui jam in parliamento de eo videlicet quod ur.us eorundem civium Willielmum de Wallworth uuper Majorem London ac quofdam alios fideles ipfius regis quo minus ipfi portas dide Civitatis contra communitates Kancie et Eflexie in dida infurredione proditorie tunc congregatas ut in eandem Civitatem ingreflum non habuiflent claudere et ab eifdem prodito-l ibus defendere potuerunt primo et principaliter impedivifl’e debuit ceteri vero duo eorundem trium civium de eo quod ipfi primi et prir.cipales confiliarii eorundem proditorum ut ad didam Civitatem accederent et earn ingrederentur ac dudores eorundem proditorum infra Civitatem illam extitifle debuerunt in fpeciali etiam redati funt ac omnibus aliis in eodem cafu didorum trium civium vel alicujus eorundem plene exiftentibus Ac etiam omnibus et fingulis perfonis ville de Bury Saudi Edmundi fimiliter exceptis fedam pads fue et quicquid ad ipfum pertinet vel pertinere poterit pro otnnimodis proditionibus et feloniis in dida infurredione inter videlicet primum diem Maii anno regni domini Regis quarto et feftum Nativitatis fandi Tohannis Baptifte extunc prox’ fequens qualitercunque fadis five perpetratis unde indidati redati-vel appel-lr.ti fuerint Ac etiam utlagar’ fique in ipfos feu eorum aliquem hiis occafionibus fuerintpromulgate et firmam pacent fur.m tenore prefentium eis et corum cuilibet inde concelfit et concedit per prefentes Jta tamen quod ftent redo in Curia Regis fi quis vel qui inde verfus eos feu eorum aliquem loqui voluerint vel voluerit de premiflis feu aliquo premiflorum. Pardonavit infuper et remifit idem Dominus Rex Communitati regni fui predidi et cuilibet fingularf perfone ejufdem regni exceptis preexceptis quicquid ad eum pertinet vel pertinere 4	poterit

Anno fexto R1 c h a r d i II.

Stat. 1.	363

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

poterit pro omnibus tranfgreflionibus in eodem regno ante vicefimum quartum diem Odobr’ anno prefenti qualitercunque fadis five perpetratis tranfgreflionibus tamen omnibus per quofeunque offieiarios domini Regis et aliorum dominorum et Magnatum regni necnon per manutentores querelarum et juratores omnes ac etiam tranfgreflionibus terras et tenementaqualitercunqueconcernentibus ante didum vicefimum quartum diem fadis fpecialiter exceptis. Et ulterius ordinatum eft per dominum Regem predidum et gratiofe con-ceffum quod gratia remifliones et pardonationes predide valeant cuicunque ligeo Regis predidi exceptis pre-exceptis acfi inde cartam ipfius Regis in fpeeiali quifquis eorum fuper hoc penes fe haberet vel etiam obti-neret. Et ideo tibi precipimus quod ftatuta ordinationes gratiam pardonationes et remifliones predida in locis infra ballivam tuam ubi melius expedire videris infra libertates et extra publice ex parte noftra procla-mari didaque ftatuta et ordinationes in omnibus firmiter teneri facias juxtatenorem et efFedum eorundem.

T. R. apud Weftm’ xxiiii. die Odobr’ anno vicefimo.

Confimilia mandata diriguntur Jingulis vicecamitibus per Anglican fub eadem data.

Other Statutes made at Weftminfterj Anno 6 Rich. II. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1383.	;

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 19.

REX vlcecomitibus London et Middlefexie falutem. Sciatis quod in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ ultimo tento quedam ftatuta pardonationes et ordinationes fieri fecimus in hec verba “ In parlia-“ mento tento apud Weftm’die lune in tertia feptimana Quadragefnne anno regni Regis Ricardi “ fecundi poft conqueftum fexto Dominus nofter Rex de aftenfu Prelatorum Procerum et Magnatum fibi in “ eodem parliamento afliftentium ftatuta quedam remifliones et ordinationes fieri fecit ad laudem et honorem “ omnipotentis Dei et pro quiete populi fui in forma fubfequenti.”

CAP. I.

A more large Pardon granted by the King to the Offenders in the late Infurredtlon, with few

Exceptions.

IN primis ordinatum eftet conceffum quod ceclefia Anglieana omnibus libertatibus et liberis confuetudini- EXP, bus fuis plene gaudeat et utatur et quod Magna Carta et Carta de Forefta in omnibus fuis articulis firmiter teneantur et executioni debite juxta effeftum earundem demandentur.

C A P. II.

Confirmation of the Statutes of Purveyors, (Ac.

ITEM ordinatum eft et conceffum quod ftatuta de Proviforibus vidualium et cariagii pro hofpitio domini £ x P. Regis in omnibus fuis articulis fimiliter cuftodiantur et executioni debite demandentur.

C A P. III.

They which can bring Witneffes that they came to the Infurredtion compelled, fhall be acquitted

of Trefpafies,

ITEM cum nuper didus dominus nofter Rex in parliamento fuo apud Weftm’ in odabis fandi Michaelis £ x p.

anno regni fui Anglie fexto convocato de gratia fua fpeeiali pardonaverit & remiferit omnibus &: fmgulis ligeis & regnicolis fuis cujufcunque ftatus gradus forent feu conditionis quibufdam civibus London & aliis unde in dida pardonatione plenius fit mentio fpecialiter exceptis fedam pads fue & quicquid ad ipfum dominum Regem pertinuit vel pertinere poffet pro omnimodis proditionibus & feloniis tempore infurredionis tune no-viter infra regnum noftrum Anglie proditorie fuborte qualitercunque fadis five perpetratis unde indidlati. redfati vel appellati fuerunt prout in eodem parliamento plenius continetur prefatus dominus nofter Rex ad inftantem fupplicationem Communitatis ejufdem regni in prefenti parliamento fuo fibi fadram tanquain plus dominus fubditorum fuorum miferatus advertens Clare eo majorem tranquillitatem ubique inter fubditos fuos poffe aecrefeere quanto ipfe gratiofius ageret cum eifdem de aftenfu predido vult et concedit quod gratia par-donatio et remiflio in parliamento predido videlicet de proditionibus et feloniis in dida infurredione perpetratis ut predidum eft fade ad univerfos et Angulos ligeos et regnicolas fuos tarn videlicet Londinenfes quam alios quofeunque prius de eadem gratia exceptos preterquam ad illos in fpeeiali quorum nomina in parliamento ipfius Regis apud Weftm’ in craftino animarum anno regni ipfius Regis quinto tento ab omni gratia per ipfum Regem tunc excipiend’ liberata fuerunt exnunc in omnibus fe extendant fic quod omnes et finguli perfone ejufdem regni cujufcunque gr.-dus fuerint vel conditionis nullo eorundem excepto prefer perfonaS' quorum nomina in dido parliamento anno quinto ut predidum eft liberata fuerunt plenum beneficium grade-

A a a z	pardonationis

Annofexto Richardi II

A.D. 1383

EXP.

* Kent,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

pardonationis et remiflionis eorundem vigore prefentium reportent ac' ft quifquis eorundem cartam Regis fuper hi is in fpeciali penes fe haberet vel etiam optineret et prout reportarent fi exceptio alia de eifdem in dicta priori gratia vel pardonatione fadta non fuifiet. Intentionis tamen di£ti Regis non exiftit quin homines ville de Bury Sandti Edmundi pro cartis ipfius Regis de pardonatione in fpeciali profequi et ulterius fufficien-tem fecurltatem de bono geftu fuo tam erga dominum Regem et populum fuum quam Abbatiam de Bury juxta ordinationem fuper hoc alias in concilio ipfius regis fa£tam invenire teneantur.

CAP. IV.

A&ions of Trefpafs to be brought within a limited Time.

IT EM propter pacem et tranquillitatem in eodem regno ubique nutriend’ etaugmentand’ ac lites et brigas amputand’ in eodem regno ordinatum eft et concordatum quod fi perfona aliqua fenferit fe occafione ali-cujus tranfgreftionis in eadem infurreftione fore gravatam vel dampnificatam et ob hoc forfan fe&am inde facere proponat verfus tranfgrefiores predidtos quod ipfa perfona fedtam illam ante quindenam fantfti Johannis Baptifte proximo futuram inde incipiat fi fibi viderit expedire Alioquin vero elapfa eadem quindena ab eadem fecta et aCtione inde pro perpetuo excludatur.

CAP. V..

The Number of Compurgators to prove the Compulfion.

ITEM quantum ad querelas five feet as tranfgreftionum in difta infurredtione fadtarum coram quibufeunque Jufticiariis Regis inchoatas aut citra quindenam predidtam inchoandas fimiliter ordinatum eft & concordatum quod ft ipft verfus quos hujufmodi fedte capte fint vel capientur ante quindenam predidtam ante judicium redditum venerint & fe inde per tres vel quatuor bonos viros & idoneos atque non fufpedtos ad hocju-ratos coram Judicibus ubi placitum inde pendens fuerit fe inde purgare vel alias inde acquietare voluerint videlicet quod ipft in loco pretenfo caufa mali voluntarie non venerunt neque dampnum fecerunt nifi folum-modo per compulftonem aliorum ad hoc recipiantur per Juftic’ & Judices predidtos et fadta hujufmodi pur-gatione per teftes predidtos extunc inde penitus recedant quieti. Vobis precipimus quod ftatuta ordinatio-nes & pardonationes predidta infra baillivam veftram publice proclamari & firmiter teneri facias juxta ef-fedtum & tenorem eorundem. •

T. R. apud Weftm’ xviii. die Maii anno regni noftri fexto.

Conjimilia maudata diriguntur vicecomitibus fubferiptis fub eadem data videlicet

Vic’ NorfT id Suff’ Vic’ Effix id Hertf Vic’ Lincoln'

Vic’ Ebor’

Vic’ Hand Vic’ Surr’ id Suffix’ Vic’ Somers’ id -Dors’ Vic’ Cornub’

Vic Devon’

Vic Cantebr’ Id Hunt’ Vic Bed' id Buk' . Vic’ Northarnpt’

Vic’ Glouc’

Vic Sutbampt’

Vic’ TViltcs.

Statutes made at Weflminfter, Anno 7 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

j383-

“ ICHARD by the Grace of God, idc. to the “	Sheriff of * Fir,?, Greeting. Know thou, that

“	at	our	Parliament holden at Weftminjler the

cf Monday next before the P'eaft of All Saints laft paft, “ to the Honour of God and of holy Church, and for “ the common Profit of the Realm, of the Afl'ent of “ the Prelates, Lords, and Commons being at the faid “ Parliament, we have caufed to be made certain Sta-“ tutes and Ordinances in the Form following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 19.

LE Roi a noftre vifeount deKent faluz. Sachez qa noftre parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le Lundy profchc-in devant le fefte de Toutz Seintz darrein paffe al honour de Dieu & de feinte efglife & pur commune profit du Roialme de lafl'ent des Prelatz Seignurs & communes efteantz el dit parlement avons fait faire certeins eftatutz h ordinances en la fourme qe fenfuit.

CAP. I.

#■

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church.

FIrft it is afTented and accorded, That holy Church | FjRimerement eft aftentuz Si accordez qe feinte have and enjoy all her Liberties and Franchifes & efglife cit & enjoife toutes fes libertces & fran-

chiles

A.D. 1383.

Anno feptimo Richardi II.

C. 2	5*

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lond. chifes auxi entierement come ele les ad euz & en-joiez en temps des nobles Rors dEngleterre proge-nitours noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft.

as wholly as fhe hath had and enjoyed thenj in the Time of the King’s noble Progenitors.’

CAP. II.

A Confirmation of all former Statutes in force.

ITEM qe la Grant Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte & toutz les autres bones eftatutz Si ordinances' avant ces heures faitz Si nient repellez foient tenuz & gardez & duement executz felonc leffect dicelles.

ITEM, That the Great Charter and the Charter of the Foreft, and all other good Statutes and Ordinances made before this Time, and not repealed, fhall be holden and kept, and put in due Execution according to the Effect of the fame,’

CAP. III.

A Jury for a Trefpafs within the Foreft fhall give their Yerdiit where they received their Charge.

ITEM a la grevoufe pleinte qeft ore faite des miniftres de la forefte eft affentuz Si aecordez qe nulle manere de jurree foit delore artez parafcun miniftre de la forefte nautre perfone quelconqe de travailler de lieu en lieu hors des lieux ou leur charge lour eft donez contre leur gree ne par malice ou par manace ou autre duretee conftreinte de dire lour veredit de trefpas fait en forefte autrement qe leur confcience ne leur ent vorra clerement en-fourmer einz dient ils lours vereditz fur leur charge es lieux ou celle charge lour eft donez coine delus eft dit.

3°5

“ ITEM, At the grievous Complaint which is now 44 X made of the Officers of the Foreft,” 4 it is affent-‘ ed and accorded, That no Manner of Jury fhall be-4 from henceforth compelled by any Officer of the Fo-4 reft, or other Perfon whatfoever, to travel from Place ‘ to Place out of the Places where their Charge is given 4 to them, agaitift their Gree, (2) nor by Malice, nor ‘ by Menace, or other Durefs, conftrained to give their 4 Verdi£t of a Trefpafs done in the Foreft, otherwife 4 than their Confcience will clearly inform them ; (3)

4 but they fliall give their Verdi&s upon their Charge,

4 in the Places where their Charge is given them, as 9H. 3. flat. 4 above is faid.’	c-l6.

CAP. IV.

None fliall be taken or imprifoned by the Officers of the Foreft without Indiiftment.

ET eft affentuz qe null homme foit pris nenpri-fonez par miniftre de forefte fanz due endite-ment ou mainoevre ou trefpaffant en la forefte ne conftreint de faire obligation ou redemption a afcun miniftre du forefte par queconqe manere encontre lour gree Si laffife de forefte. Et ft afcun face encontre cefte ordinance en aueun point Si de ee foit atteint paie as parties endamagez lours doubles damages & fyn & raunceon au Roy pur fon malefait.

ITEM it is affented, That no Man be taken nor imprifoned by any Officer of the Foreft without due Indictment, or being taken with the Manner, or trefpaffing in the Foreft ; (2) nor fliall be conftrained to make any Obligation or Ranfom to any Officer of the Foreft in any Sort againft their Agreement and the Affife of the Foreft. (3) And if any do againft: this Ordinance in any Point, and thereof be attainted, he fhall pay to the Party damnified their double Regift- 80. Damages, and Fine and Ranfom to the King for his 1 E„d‘ 3- ftat- r*

Offence’	c-	8-	9^3-

urrence.	77^.2.	10,	u

& 16.

CAP. V.

Juftices, fciY. fhall examine Vagabonds, and bind them to their good abearing, or commit

them to Prifon.

ITEM ordcignez eft Si affentuz qe leftatutz faitz en temps le noble Roy Edward aiel noftre Seignur le RrP- 39 F!,z-Roi- qore eft de Roberdefmen & Drawelatches foient fermement tenuz & gardez. Et outre ce eft or- i|’/'*1-EU” 1 deignez h affentuz par reftreindre la malice des diverfes gentz faitours & vagerantz de lieu en lieu cur-rantz de prefent par paiis pluis hubundantement qe ne foloient avant ces heures qe defore les Juftices des aflifes en lour feffions les Juftices de la paix & les vifeontz en chefcun eontee aient poair denquere de toutz tielx vagerantz & faitours & de lours malfaitz Si fur eux faire ce qe la ley demande. Et qe ftbien les ditz juftices Si vifeontz come les mairs baillifs coneftablcs Si autres governours de villes Sc lieux ou tielx faitours & vagerantz vendront aient defore poair de leur examiner diligealment & eompeller de trover feurtee de lour bon port par fuffieiantz mainparnours des tielx qe foient deftreinables ft afeune defaute feuffe deflors trovez en mefmes les faitours & vagerantz Si fils ne poient tiele feurtee trover foient mandez al profeheine gaole pur y demorer tanqe a la venue des Juftices affignez pur deliverance des gaoles les queux en tie! cas aient poair de faire fur les ditz vagerantz Si faitours iflint emprifonez ceo qe leur ent femblera mieutz affaire par la ley.

C A Po

Anno feptimo RI c h a r d i II

A, D. 1383.

CAP. VI.

The Statute of Winchcfler confirmed, and every Sheriff fhall proclaim it.

3	SJ. 1. c. 9.	“ |TEM, For the grievous Mifchiefs and Corii-

4	z'	<C plaints that do daily happen of Robberies, Thefts,

at'2‘“ Manflaughters, Burning of Houfes, and Ridings in

2$ Ed. 3. e. it.ec Fonts and great Companies in every Part of the “ Realm ‘ (a) it is ordained and affented, That ‘ the Statute of IVincheJler (the Tenour whereof is fent ‘ by our Lord the King this Year laft paft into every ‘ County of England to be proclaimed) be holden and ‘ kept in all Points, and put in good and hafty Execution, at the Complaint and Purfuit of every Man ‘ that feelcth himfelf grieved againft the Tenour of the ‘ fame. (3) And to the Intent that no Man fhall ex-‘ cufe himfelf by Ignorance of the fame Statute, it is ‘ alfo affented, That every Sheriff of England fhall be ‘ bound from henceforth in proper Perfon to make Pro--‘ claiiiation of the fame Statute four Times in a Year ‘ in every Hundred of his Bailiwick, and by his Bailiffs in every Market-Town, as well within Liberties as without.’

Aitcrediy 27 El. 4 c. 13. and 39 Bl.

1. See likrw'tfe 8 Gee. 2. e. l6. giving Diiefiions for Hue and Cry j and 22 Geo. i. c, 24. ivJ.icb amends the former•

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM fur les grevoufes mefehiefs & compleintz qe aveignent de jour en autre des roberies lar-cins homicides arfures des meifons & chivacheeses routes & grandcs compaignies en chefcune part du Roialme ordeigne eft Sc affentuz qe leftatut de Wynceftre dont le tenour eftoit envoiez par noftre Seignurle Roi en lan profehein paffez en chefcun countee dEngleterre pur y eftre proclamez foit te-nuz Sc gardez en toutz pointz Sc mys en bone Sc haftive execution a la plaint & purfuite de chefcun qi fe fentera grevez encontre le tenour dicelle. Et au fyn qe homme ne fe purra defore excufer par ignorance de mefme leftatut eft auxint affentuz qe chefcun vifeont dEngleterre foit tenuz de cy en avant en propre perfone de faire proclamation de mefme leftatut quatre foitz lan en chefcun hundred de fa baillie Sc par fes baillifs en chefcune ville marchee ftbien deinz franchifes come dehors.

CAP. VII.

In what Cafe a Nift Prius fhall be granted at the Suit of any of the Jurors.

c‘ T TEM, Againft the Mifchief that happeneth to “ JL divers People of the Realm, which be impanel-“ led and returned before the Juftices and Barons of “ the Exchequer ; in which Cafe, becaufe that the “ Inqueft is not purfued to the End by thofe that be “ Parties, but put in Delay from Year to Year, the “ Jurors do greatly lofc, and fome much more than the “ Paine of their Land is by Year, to their great Im-“ poverifliing and Hindrance ‘ (2) It is accorded,

‘ That from henceforth in all Manner of Pleas where ‘ a Nifi prius is grantable of Office, after the great ‘ Diftrefs returned, and three Times ferved before the ‘ Juftices againft the Jurors, and thereupon the Par-

*	tics demanded, if none of the faid Parties will purfue,

*	or if the Parties refufe to have a Writ of Nifi prius ‘ in the Cafe, then at the Suit of any of the Jurors that ‘ be prefent, a Writ of Nifi prius fhall be made and ‘ granted, and that as well in the Exchequer as elfe-1 where, and thereupon the Quarrel fhall be fet at an

*	End without Delay, according as the Cafe reouireth, farther St H. c an(J the Law demandeth.’

6. c. I. iS£/. f. j». II Gtc. I- c. 3 (. aid24 Get. z. c. 18.

C A P. VIII.

No Subjedt’s Chator fliall take any Viduals or Carriage without the Owner’s Confent.

o B S.	T TEM aff’.ntuz eft St accordez qe les eftattitz dcsPurveours faitz avant ces heures foient fermement tenuz

j2 C. 2. c. 24.	^ gardez & myfez en bone & due execution Adjouftez a ycell qe ft les fervantz dautres Seignurs ou

36 Ed. 3. c. 6. ])ames qe ne comprifez es ditz eftatutz priegnent defore afeun part deinz, le Roialme vitailles ou ca-riages al oeps de lours Seignurs & Dames autrement qils nent purront accorder ovefqe les poffeffours & vendours dictlles pur paiement ent affaire preftement en poin qe mefmes eelles fervantz encourgent la peyne cn toutes chol'es coroprife es ditz eftatutz des Purveours & nientmeyns eit lapartie par iceux fervantz *3 h.6. c. 14. * endamagee fil vorra fa fuite a la commune Icy.

<jR.ra(i £.13.

ITEM encontre le mefehief qavient as diverfes gentz du Roialme queux font empanellez & re-> tournez devant les Juftices & Barons de lefcheqir en quel cas par caufe qe lenquefte neft mye purfue au fyn par ceux qi font parties einz mys en delay dan cn an les jurrours y perdent grandement & afeuns pluis qe la value de leur terre eft par an a lour trefgrant einpoveriffement & deftrudb’on eft: accordez & affentuz qe defore en avant en toutes maneres des plees en queux brief de nifi prius eft grantable doffice apres le grande deftrefee trois foitz ferviz Sc retournez 'devant les Juges devers la jurce Sc fur ce les parties demandez ft nulle des dites parties veulle purfuire ou ft les parties refufent davoir brief de Nifi prius en le cas adonqes a la purfuite daucun diceux jurrours qi foit prelent foit brief de Nifi prius fait & grantez Sc ce auxibien en lefcheqir come aillours & fur ce la querele myfe au fyn fanz delay felonc ce qe le cas requiert Sc la ley de-mande.

CAP.

Anno feprimo Richardi II,

C. 9—11.	367

CAP. IX.

A Confirmation of all Statutes made againfi: all Deceits in Cloths, Aulnegers, &V.

r

Ex Rot. in tTurr. Lond.

ITEM fur le mefchief qavient de jour en autre fur la fauxine Sc deceite qeft trovez es draps vendables o B s. tj fibien de colour come dcs raies centre laffife ent ordeignez devant ces hcurcs eft ordeignez Sc affentuz n w. 3. c. 20. qe toutz les eftatutz cut faitz devant ces heures avec les eftatutz faitz de les alneours Sc coiflours del fubfidc 'whnbrakaa™ay des ditz draps foient tenuz Sc gardez Sc myfes en bone Sc due execution adjouftez a ycell qe celuy qi de- ^That fin(lp(h fore efpiera Sc provera defaute en afeun tiel drap niys a vente contre laffife ordeignee des ditz draps Sc contre Deft-as'in any la forme des ditz eftatutz eit la tierce partie dc chcfcun tiel drap defective pur fon travaill par la liverec cloths contrary des vifeontz fils foient prefentz ou des Seignurs des feires Sc marchees & autres lieux ou tielx draps de-to former Sta-feddives ferront trovez ou de lours fenefehalx Sc baillifs ou des coneftables des- villes Sc lieux avantditz par *“tcs I513*1 have endentures ent entre eux duement affaires les queles endentures foient chcfcun an a le fefte de feint Michel Labour”'lcr liverez en lefcheqir par ceux qenfi ferront la dite liveree al effect de charger illoeqes les alneours Sc coiL-Aulnfge“s'and lours avantditz par queux tielx defautes deuffent eftre ferchez chaftiez Sc amendez Sc ne font my einz CoMediors of communement maintenuz ou concelez toutz partz pur quele tierce partie qappartient au Roi come fa for- Subfidics ihall faiture par force de leftatutz devant ore faitz les alneour Sc coillour avantditz en chefcun countee Sc lieu ou fat1SLy lbt?-Kdin& tielx uraps defectives ferront trovez pur peine encontre lours ditz malfait Sc concelement facent gree de parrt ^Viicr^tlre lours propres deniers a noftre dit Seignur le Roi en fon efcheqir de la value de celle tierce partie iffint qe Finder/halt fibien de mefme la tierce partie come del remanant du dit drap noftre Seignur le Roi foit entierement re- have, fponduz a fon efcheqir avantditz	•	j.&6Ed.6. c.6.

C A P. X.

Where an Affife fliall be taken of Rents iflliing forth of Lands in divers Counties,

ITEM eft ordeignez & affentuz qaffife de novele diffeifine foit deforc grante Sc fait de rent a-deriere due des tenementz cftcantz es diverfes coun-tees a tenir en la confyne des countces deinz queux les tenementz font Sc fur ce laffife prife Sc trie par gentz des ditz countees en mefme la manere come eft fait du commune de pafturc efteantz en un eountee Sc appendante as tenementz en autre countee Sc ce auxi avant.des difl’eifines faites devant cefte heure come dc. diffeifmes unqore affaires & qe briefs fur ceo a la purluytc des pleintifs foient de-fore faitz en la Chauuceilaric fanz nulle manere de contradiction en due former

‘ T TEM it is ordained and affented, That an Affife ‘ X of Novel dijjeifin fhall be from henceforth granted ‘ and made of Rent behind due of Tenements being ‘ in divers Counties, to be liolden in the Confine of c the Counties, within which the Tenements be ; (z)

‘ and thereupon the Affife taken and tried by People of ‘ the faid Counties in the fame Manner as is done of ‘ a Common of Pafture being in one County, and ap-c pendant to Tenements in another County ; (3) and-‘ that as well of iDiffeifins done in Times paft, as of * Diffeifins yet to be done ; (4) and that Writs there-‘ upon at the Suit of the Plaintiffs be made from hence-‘ forth in the Chancery withput any Manner of Con— ‘ tradition, in a due Form.’

CAP. XL

A Repeal of the Statutes 5 Rich. 2. and 6 Rich. 2. touching Victuallers of Lcmdon.

ITEM combien qe nadgairs en diverfes parle-mentz tenuz a Weftm’ les ans du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roi quint & fifme furent faitz diverfes ordinances & eftatutz des peffoners de Lon-dres Sc dautres vitaillers Sc auxint des vineters Sc la vente dcs vins & fur ce mefmes les ordinances Sc eftatutz ovefqe les peyncs enycelles contenuz furent publiez Sc proclamcz parmy le Roialme ficome en les ditz ordinances Sc eftatutz pluis pleinement purra apparoir Nientmeyns pur certeins enchefons a la requefte des Communes dAngletene fur ceo efpecialment faite eft affentuz Sc acccrdrz qe rref-mes les ordinances & eftatutz des peffoiirrs vineters Sc vitaillers faitz, en les ans defuis ditz foient de tout anientiz Sc repellez Sc perdent Jour force Sc ; vertue Sauvez nientmeins a-noftre Seignur le Roi toutz les forfaitures des vins a luy appertenantes. par vertue de mffmes les ordinances Sc eftatutz qant 1 al temps paffez Purveuz toutz feitz qe toutz les vins & vitaillers fibien peffoners come autres ove lour vitailles venantz a la dite Citee de Londres ]

‘ T TEM, Whereas in divers Parliaments holden at.

‘ X Wejlminjler, the fifth and fixth Years of our faid'

‘ Lord the King, divers Ordinances and Statutes of ‘ Fifhers of London and other Victuallers were made,,

6 and alfo of Vintners, and of the Sale of Wines, and ‘ thereupon the fame Ordinances and Statutes, with-c the Pains in them contained, were publilhed and ‘ proclaimed throughout the Realm, as in the faid ‘ Statutes and Ordinances more plainly may appear (z) Nevethelefs for certain Caufes, at the Rcqueft of. the Commons of England thereupon fpecially made,. it is affented and agreed, That the fame Ordinances and Statutes of Filhers, Vintners, and Victuallers,, made in the Years aforefaid, fhall he wholly annulled and repealed, and fhall lofe their Effect and Strength: (3) Nevertbelefs faving to the King.-alL the Forfeitures of Wines-for the'Tme paft that to< him pertaineth by, virtue of the fame Ordinances and Statutes : (a ) Provided always. That all the Vintners and Victuallers-, as well filhers as other coming r'lfhen and with their VLdtuals to the City of London, fhall be

1	3	t	from,Lonrfon

Anno feptimo Richard 1 II.

A. D. 1383.

under the Rule ( of the Mayor < and Aldermen. c 3 t Ed. 3, flat. I. c. 10.

27 Ed. 3. de Frovifir*

A Confirmation of the Statute of 3 R. 2. c. 3.

from henceforth under the Governance and Rule of the Mayor and Aide)men of the faid City for the Time being, as in Time paft it hath been ufed.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. foient defore defouz le governaile & reule dcs Meir & Aldermannes de la Citee avant dite pur le temp? efteantz come auncienement y foleient eftre.

CAP. XII.

No Alien Ihall purchafe or occupy any Benefice of the Church within this Realm.

15 Ed. 3. fiat. 5.

C. 21.

The Cardinal of c N*ples excepted, c Enforced by 16	c

Jf. 2. c. 5.

And fee 5 EL c, 1 ♦

TEM, Whereas late in the Parliament holden at TFeJhnivJler, the Third Year of the Reign of our faid Lord the King, at the Requeft of the Commons, and by the Affent of the Lords Temporal, it was ordained and affented, and upon a grievous Pain prohibited, that, no Subject of the King nor other Perfon, of what Eftate or Condition he were, fhould take, neither receive from thenceforth, within the Realm of England, Procuracy, Letter of Attorney, ne Ferm, nor any other Adminiftration by Indenture, or in any other Manner, of any Perfon concerning any Benefice of holy Church within the Realm, but only of the King’s Subjects of the fame Realm, without the efpecial Grace, and exprefs Licence of our faid Lord the King, upon a certain Pain contained in the faid Statute ‘ (z) it is affented and agreed by the fame Lords, That the fame Statute fhall keep his Force and Effect in all Points. (3) And moreover it is affented, That if any Alien have purchafed, or from henceforth fhall. purchafe any Benefice of holy Church, Dignity, or other Thing, and in his proper Perfon take Pofleffion of the fame, or occupy it himfelf within the Realm, whether it be to his own proper Ufe, or to the Ufe of another, without efpecial Licence of the King, he fhall be comprifed within the fame Statute : (4.) And moreover fhall incur all Pains and Forfeitures in all Points as is before ordained by another Statute made the Five and twentieth Year of the noble King Edward the Third, Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is, againft them that purchafe Provi-fions of Abbeys or Priories. (;) And to the Intent that fuch Licences fhall not be from henceforth made, the King willeth and commandeth to all his Subjects and other, that they fhall abftain them from henceforth to pray him for any fuch Licence to be given. (6) And alfo the King himfelf will refrain to give any fuch Licence during the Wars, except to rhe Cardinal of Naples, or to fome other fpecial Perfon to whom the King is beholden for a fpccial Caufe.’

TEM come nadgairs en parlement tenuz a Weifm’ lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roi tierce a la requefte des Communes & par affent des Seignurs temporels eftoit ordeignez & affentuz & fur grevoufe peyne defenduz qe null liege le Roi nautre perfone quelconqe de quel eflat ou condition qil fuift prendroit ne refeeivroit delors ena-vant deinz le Roialme dEngleterre procuracie lettre dattourne ne ferme nautre adminiftration par en-denture nautre manere quelconqe de nulle perfone dafeun benefice de feinte efglife deinz le dit Roialme fors tantfoulement des lieges noftre Seignur le Roi de mefme le Roialme fanz efpecial e grace et exprefle congie de noftre Seignur le Roi fur cer-teine peine comprife en leftatut avantait affentuz eft ore & accordez par mefmes les Seignurs qe mefme leftatut teigne fes force & vertue en toutz pointz. Et outre ceo eft auxint affentuz qe ft afeun alien eit purcbacez ou defore purchace afeun benefice de feinte efglife dignite ou autre & en pro-pre perfone preigne pofTeffion dicelle ou loccupie de fait deinz mefme le Roialme foit il a fon oeps pro-pre ou al oeps dautri fanz efpeciale congie du Roi foit il compris en mefme leftatut & outre ceo en-courge en toutz pointz tielx peines & forfaiture come font ordeinez par un autre eftatut fait en lan xxv. del regne luy noble Roi E. aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft contre ceux qi purchacent pro-vifions Dabbeies ou Priories. Ft en outre au fyn qe tielx licences ne fe facent defore enavant le Roi voet & commande a toutz fes lieges Sc autres qils lour abftiegnent de cy enavant de luy prier dafeuns tiels licences doner. Et fi voet auxi le Roi luy mefmes abftiegner de doner afeune tiele licence du-rantes les guerres horfpris au Cardinal de Naples ou a autre efpeciale perfone a qi le Roi foit par efpeciale caufe tenuz.

CAP. XIII.

No Man fhall ride in Hamels within the Realm, nor with Launcegays.

c TTEM it is ordained and affented, and alfo the ‘ t King doth prohibit, That from henceforth no ‘ Man fhall ride in Plarnefs within the Realm, contrary ‘ to the Form of the Statute of Northampton thereupon 4 made, neither with Launcegay within the Realm, * the which Launcegays be clearly put out within the ‘ faid Realm, rs a Thing prohibited by our Lord the 4 King, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the faid Launce-4 gays. Armours, and other Harnefs, in whofe Hands ‘ or Pofleffion they be found that bear them within yTtJ. 1. ft»t. x. 4 the Realm, contrary to the Statutes and Ordinances 2 r. 1.3.0.3.	«	aforefiid, without the King’s fpecial Licence.’

1 ’■jorctrl by

Jit'.!. C, X.

fTEM eft ordeignez et affentuz et le Roi defenrfc qe deforemes null homtne chivache deinz le Roialme artnez encontre la forme de leftatut de Norhampton fur ce fait ne ovefqe lancegay deinz mefme le Roialme les quetix laticegayes ioient t * tout ouftez deinz le dit Roialme come cho 1: de-fendue par noftre Seignur le Roi fur peine de forfa tore dicelx lanccgays armures et autres herncys quelconqes cs mayns et pofTeffion de celluy qi les portera defore deinz mefme le Roialme contre ceftz eftntutz ct ordinances fanz efpeciale congie de Roi noftre Seignur.

CAP.

Anno feptimo Rich ardi II,

C. 14—16.	369

CAP. XIV.

They which fhall depart the Realm by the King’s Licence, may make general Atturnies.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM es briefs de premunire fac’ eft aftentuz et accordez qe ceux vers queux tielx briefs font portez et qi font de prefent hors de Roialme et font de bone fame et aient faitz lour generalx attournes devant lour departir qe le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant par ladvis des Juftices purra, grantir qe mefmes les perfones purront apparoir et refpondre et faire et refceivre ce qe la ley demande par lour generalx attournes avantditz fi avant come es autre cas et quereles. Et ceux perfones qe de-fore enavaut pafferont par'licence noftre Seignur le Roi et foient auxint de bone fame qe a lour requefte le dit Chaunceller par ladvis des Juftices lour purra \ grander de fair lour generalx attournes en la Chan-cellerie par patent du Roi devant lour pafler a refpondre fibien es ditz briefs de premunire fac’ come en autres quereles en quel cas toutes voies foit ex-prefle mention faite des briefs et quereles de premunire fac’. Et celle patente enfi faite purront deflors les ditz attournes- en abfence de lour mei-ftres refpondre pur eux & .autres attournes defouz eux fairedevantquelconqe Jugedu Roialme & faire & refceivre el dit cas fi avant come en null autre cas nient contrefteant afcun eftatut fait a contrarie avant ces heures.

IT E M in Writs of Pramunire facias it is a (Tented 10 If- 3-c-I0-and agreed, That they againft whom fuch Writs J3£d-*•£**•*•• be fued, and who at this Time be out of the Realm,c’10* and be of good Fame, and have made their general Atturnies before their Departing, that the Chancellor of England for the time being, by the Advice of the Juftices, may grant, that the fame Perfons may appear to anfwer, to do, and to receive that Thing which the Law demandeth, by their general Atturnies aforefaid, as well as in other Caufes and Quarrels. (2) And thofe Perfons which from henceforth 39 El3- 3 (hall pafs by the King’s Licence, and be of good Fame, that at their Requeft the Chancellor, by the Advice of the Juftices, may grant to them to '' make their general Atturnies in the Chancery by the King’s Patent, before their P^flage, to anfwer as ' well in the faid Writs of Praemunire facias, as in other ' Writs and Plaints; in which Cafe exprefs mention 1 fhall be made at all Times of the Writs and Plaints ' of Praemunire facias. (3) And this Patent fo made,.

’ the faid Atturnies from henceforth, in Abfence of : their Mafters, may anfwer for them, and make other ■ Atturnies under them, before any Judge of the Realm, See farther 15 HI ’ to do and receive in the faid Cafe as much as in any c'

■ other Cafe or Matter, notwithftanding any Statute ; made to the contrary heretofore,’

C A P. XV.

A Confirmation of certain Statutes made againft Maintenance and Champerty.

ITEM fur la grevoufe pleinte qeft fait des meyn-tenours des quereles & chaumpartours eft or-deignez & aftentuz qe leftatutz ent faitz en les ans du regne le Roi Edward aiel noftre dit.Seignur le Roi primer & quart & auxint en lan de noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft primer foient tenuz & gar-dez & duement executz en toutz pointz.

c. ii. zo Ed. 3. c. 4.	1	R.». c. 4.	1	R

“ TTEM, For the grievous Complaint that is made;

“ 1 of Maintainers of Quarrels, and Champertors ‘ it is ordained and afiented, That the Statutes thereof J •*' ^ ^

‘ made in thefirftand fourth Years of King Edward,^/, i. c. 49.

1 Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is, and zt, Ed.s.ftat.

‘ alfo in the firft Year of our Lord the King, that now e• *•> *»•

‘ is, (hall be holden and kept, and duly executed in all 33j-rf-1 If'- 3°

<■ n •	>	r	1	1 Ed. 3. fiat. 2.

Points.-	c. 14. 4 Ed. 3,.

z. c. 7. And fee 32 H. 8. c. g. which farther enforces the Statutes againfi Maintenance, &c.

CAP. XVI.

No Armour or Visual fltall be fent into Scotland, without the King’s Licence, upon Pain of

Forfeiture thereof.

ITEM eft aftentuz et le Roi. defende eftroitement qe decy en avant nulle perfone aliene ou denfzein de Rrp.4'Jac. »;■ quelconqe eftat ou condition qil foit amefne ou envoie ou face amefner ou envoier par terre ou par meerc- ’• hors du Roialme dEngleterre as alcunes parties dEfcoce en prive ne en apert afeune manere darmure de blee	.

de brees ne dautre vitaille ou dautre refrefichement quelconqe fur peine de forfaiture de mefmes les vitailles 15	‘

armures et des autres chofes avantdites enfemble avec les niefs vefteulx charettes et chivalx-qi les portent ou amefnent ou de la verroie value dicelles ft enfi ne foit qe le Roi noftre Seignur nent doune fa licence efpeciale a contraire. Et au fyn qe cefte ordinance foit duement gardez ct mys en bone execution eft auxint aftentuz qe celluy qi apres qe proclamation ent foit faite purra efpier et prover qafcun eit mefpris ou forfait en afcun point contre la forme de cefte ordinance eit la tierce partie des dites forfaiturcs entierement a fon propre oeps pur fon travaille.

Vol. L

B'feL'

c a p;.

370

Anno feptimo Richardi II

A. D. 1383

■EXP.

Fitz, Exigent, 9.

Cc n UrineJ by

33H.4 C.2.

33	8	c'*4*

Explained and amended by 12 Geo.2. c. 17*

C.

*7-

CAP. XVII,

The Mainpernors fhall fatisfy the Plaintiff for his Delay, where the Defendant keepeth not

,	his	Day.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM eft aflentuz et accordez qen briefs .de dette trefpas et de aeeompte et en touz autres cas on maynprife et brief de Superfedeas font grantables ft les perfones maynprifez ne veignent mye devant les Juges au jour compris en mefme la meynprife ct par tant le pleintif foit mys en delay et perde foient les ditz mcinparnours refpoignables as plcintifs dune certeine fomme a limiter par la diferetion et advis des ditz Juges eiantz confideration a la qualitee et quantitee des damages du partie et de la chofe en demande. Et ft durcra ccfte ordinance des mainparnours en aftaie tanqe al profehein parlement tantfoulement. Et pur ce vous mandons qe ftbicn le dit eftatut de Wynceftre quatre foitz chefcun an deey enavant par manere qc deflus cit ordcinez come les autres eftatutz et ordinances deftiis eferitz en toutz les citees burghs villes marchees et autres lieux notables deinz voftre baillie ou vous verrez qe mieutz foit affaire deins franchife et dehors facez proclamer depar nous et publier et duement garder et tenir felonc la forme et effedt dicelles. Don par tefmoignance de noftre grant feal a noftre paleys de Weftm’ avandit lc xxvi,": jour de Novembre lan de noftre regne feptifme.

ConJijnilia mandate Regis diriguntur ftngulis viescomitihus per Angliamfub eademdata.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 8 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

1384.

** mO the Honour of God, and at the Requeft “ I of the Commonalty of the Realm of England “	*“■	made	to	our Lord the King in his Parliament

“ holdcn at TVc/iminJler in the Morrow of St. Martin, “ the eighth Year of his Reign ; the fame our Lord “ the King of the Aflent of the Prelates, Great Men “ and Commons aforefaid, hath caufed to be made in “ the fame Parliament, a certain Statute for the com-“ mon Profit of the faid Realm, and efpecially for the “ good and juft Governance, and due Execution of the “ Common Law, in the Form following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 18.

AD honorem Dei Si requifitionem communita-tis regni Anglie factam domino Regi in par-liamento fuo tento apud Weftm’ in craftino Sandli Martini anno Regni fui odfavo idem domi-, nus Rex de aftenfu Prelatorum Magnatum & com-munitatis prediiftequoddam ftatutum in eodem par-liamento pro communi utilitate didfi regni & pre-fertim pro bona & jufta gubernatione ac debita exe-cutione communis legis fieri fecit in forma fubfe-quenti.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Statutes not repealed.

* T7IR.ST, it is ordained and enacted, That holy ‘ iH Church have all her Liberties ; (z) and that the ‘ Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft, the ‘ Statutes of Purveyors and Labourers, and all other ‘ Statutes and Ordinances heretofore made and not re-‘ pealed, fhall be holden and obferved, and put indue ‘.Execution, according to the Form and Effect of the ‘ fame.’

IN primis concordatum eft Si ftatutum quodfanc-ta ecclefia habeat omnes libertates fuas & quod Magna Carta & Carta de Forefta ftatuta de provi-foribus & laboratoribus Si omnia alia ftatuta Sc or-dinationes ante hec tempora edita & minime revo-cata teneantur obferventur & executioni debite de-mandentur juxta formam & effe&um eorundem.

CAP. II.

No Man of Law fhall be Juftice of Afiife, or Gaol-delivery, in his own Country.

« I TEM, ft is ordained and aflented. That no Man ‘ 1 of -Law fhall be from henceforth Juftice of Aftifes, ‘ or of the common Deliverance of Gaols in his own ‘ Country ; (2) and that the Chief Juftice of the Com-1 mon Bench be afligned amongft other to take fuch ‘ Aftifes, and deliver Gaols, (t) But as to the Chief ‘ Juftice of the King’s Bench, it fhall be as for the ‘ moft Part of an hundred Years laft paft was wont to ‘ be done.’

ITEM concordatum eft & ftatutum quod nul-Ius homo de lege fit decetero Juftitiarius afiifa-rum vcl communis deliberationis gaolarum in propria patria fua & quod capitalis Juftitiarius de communi Banco afiignetur inter alios ad hujufmodi afli-fas capicndas Si ad gaolas deliberandas. Set quoad capitalcm Juftitiarium de Banco Regis fiat ficut pro majori parte centum annorum proxime prete,-ritorum fieri confuevit.

CAP.

Anno o&avo Richardi II,

C. 3	5*	371

CAP. III.

None of the Juftices or Barons fliall take any Fee or Reward but of the King, nor fhall give Counfei where the King is Party, or in any Suit depending before them.

Ex Ret. in Turf. Lond.

ITEM cum nuper in tempore incliti Regis Edwardi Avi domini Regis nuncordinatum fuifTet quod Jti- ReprakJ if ftitiarii quamdiu in officio Juftic’ forent non caperent feodurn neque robam de aliqtio preterquam de Rege 9^.2. c. >• ct quod non caperent donum Jive rewardum per ipfos vel per alios clam vel palam dealiquoqui coram eis haberet aliquid faciendum quacumque via exceptis cibo et potu modici valoris ct quod non darent confilium alicui magno vel parvo in rebus vel negotiis ubi rex eft pars vel que regem tangunt quoquo modo fub certa pena in ordinatione predi&a contenta. Et eodem modo ordinatum fuifTet de Baronibus de Scaccario prout in ordinatione predifta plenius continetur et diefta ordinatione in parliamento recitata concordatum eft etftatutum quod nullus Juftitiarius de Banco Regis vel de communi Banco nec aliquis Baronum de Scaccario quamdiu in officio Juftitiarii vel Baronis fuerit capiat decetero per ipfurn vel per alium clam vel palam robam feodum penfionem donum vel rewardum de aliquo preterquam de Rege nec exennium de aliquo preterquam exennium de ciho et potu quod non fit magni valoris. Et quod decetero non dent confilium alicui magno vel parvo in rebus vel negotiis in quibus rex eft pars vel que regem tangunt quoquo modo et quod non fint de confilio alicujus in aliqua caufa placito vel querela coram ipfts five in aliquibus aliis magnis Curiis vel placeis Regis pendente fub pena amittendi officium l'uum et faciendi Regi finern et re-demptionem.

CAP. IY.

The Penalty if a Judge or Clerk make a falfe Entry, rale a Roll, or change a Verdift.

ITEM ad querimoniam ditfte communitatis fac-tam domino Regi in parliamento de eo quod magna exheredatio retroactis te'mporibus pluribus de populo fadla extitit & fieri potent per falfam in-trationem placitorum rafuras rotulorum & mutatio-uem verediftorum concordatum eft & ftatutum quod Jlaliquis judex vel clericus de hujufmodi de-feftu dummodo per defeiErum ilium exheredatio al-terius pariium fubfequatur fufficienter convincatur coram Rege & confilio fuo per modum & formam q.uos idem dominus Rex & concilium fuum tunc viderint fore rationabilcs infra duos annos poft defectum hujufmodi fadtum fi pars gravata fit plcne etatis & fi infra etatem fuerit tunc infra duos annos poftquam ad plenam etatem pervenerit puniatur per finem & redemptionem ad voluntatem Regis & latisfacint parti. Et quoad reftitutionem hcredita-tis per didbam communitatcm petitam fcquatur pars gravata per breve de errore vel alias juxta legem fi iibi viderit cxpedirc.

c. 4. 4 H. 6. c. 3. SH. 6. c. 12

“ ITEM, At the Complaint of the faid Commo-	pt.it

“ J. nalty made to our Lord the King in the Parlia- c. 6.

“ ment, for that great Difherifon in Times paft was “ done of the People, and may be done by the falfe “ entering of Pleas, rafing of Rolls, and changing of “ Verdicts;” ‘ (2) it is accorded and aJTertted, That ‘ if any Judge or Clerk be of fuch Default (fo that by ‘ the fame Default there enfucth DiJherifon of any of ‘ the Parties) fufficiently convidt before the King and c his Council, by the Manner and Form which to the ‘ fame our Lord the King and his Council fhall feem ‘ reafonable, and within two Years after fuch Default ‘ made, if the Party grieved be of full Age, and if he.

‘ be within Age, then within two Years after that he.

‘ fhall come to his full Age? he fhall be punifhed by,.

‘ P'ine and Ranfom at the King’s Will, and fatisfy the.

‘ Party. (3) And as to the Reftitution of the Inhe-, w'Bdt Defaults 1 ri-tance deiired by the faid Commons, the Party ,griewr-may be amended,

‘ ed Jhall fue by Writ of Error, or otherwife, accord- ’lvj:at ”0,>

‘ ing to the Law, if he fee it expedient for him.’	9//

(Sf 15.	10H.6.C.4.	iSH. 6. c, 9, 5 Elia. c. 23., ijElix, c, 5. and 4 Ann. c. iGA

CAP. Y.

What Suit fhall be difeuffed before the Conftable and Marfhal of: England*..

ITEM pro eo quod diverfa placita communem legem tangentia & que per communem legem de-duci & difeuti deberent trahuntur jam de novo coram Conftabulario & Marefcallo Anglie ad grave dampnum & inquietationem populi concordatum eft & ftatutum quod omnia placita & querele communem legem terre tangentia h que per communem legem deduci et difeuti debeant non trahantur nec teneantur decetero coram prefatis Conftabulario et Marefcallo quoquo modo fet quod curia ipforum Conftabularii ct Marefca.lli habeat id quod ad dic-tam Curiam pertinet et quod lex communis habeat id quod ad ipfam pertinet ac fiat et ufitetur prout temporibus progenitorum domini Regis fieri et ufi-tari confucvit.

“ A ND becaufe divers Pleas concerning theCnm-:2Si.jlat.3. “ I\ mon Law, and which by the Common Law.c- 3- 18 Ed. 3. “ ought to be examined and difeuffed, are of late drawn^'' z'c' 7-'

“ before the Conftable and Marfhal of England, to the “ great Damage and Difquietnefs of the People;” ‘ (2)

‘ it is agreed am! ordained, That alP Pleas and Suits ‘ touching the Common Law, and which.ought to he ‘ examined and difeuffed at the Common Law, fhalf ‘ not hereafter he drawn or hbld'en by any Means be-fore the forefaid Conftable and Marfhal, but that the ‘ Court of the fame Conftable and Marfhal fhall have ‘ that which helongeth to the fame Court, and that the c Common Law fliall be executed and ufed, and have _ .. , ,

‘ that which to it helongeth, and the fame fliall he amended ty'iT, R. ‘ executed and ufed as it was accuftomed to be ufed in 2. (tat c. 2,

£ the Time of King Edward.’	151]-6-c- »•

33 ii- 3. £. 12.-

a This Chacttr was iirft publiflied by Pulton,

Bbb 3-

Ex

A. D. 1384.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Deproclamando Jlatutum prcditlum.

REX vicecomiti Lincoln’ falutem. Quoddam ftatutum per nos de affenfu Prelatorum Magnatum et com-munitatis regni .noftri Anglie in ultimo parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ tentopro communi utilitate didti regni noftri editum tibi mittimus prefentibus interclufum mandantes et firmiter precipientes quod ftatim vifis prefentibus ac ftatuto prediclo ftatutum illud in pleno comitatu tuo ac in civitatibus burgis villis merca-toriis et aliis locis irrballiva tua ubi melius expedire videris publice legi et proclamari facias ac quantum in te eft firmiter obfervari.

T. R. apud Weftm’ xiiii. die Junii anno regni noftri o£tavo.

Confimilia brevia diriguntur fingtdh vicecomitibus Anglie.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 9 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

3.1ltd. 51.

“ ✓"'VUR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden “ I I at IVeJlminfler the Friday next after the Feaft “	of Saint Luke, the ninth Year of his Reign,

■“ of the Affcnt of the Prelates, Dukes, Marquefles, “ Earls, Barons, and Commons at the faid Parliament “ aflembled, hath ordained and eftablifhed the Things “ under-written.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. in. 17.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roi a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le vendredy profehein apres le fefte de feint Luc lan de fon regne noe-fifme ft ad del affent desPrelatz Duks Markys Conts Barons et communes au dit parlement affemblez or-denez et eftabliz les chofes defoutz efcriptz.

0 B S.

C A P. I.

A Confirmation of all Statutes not repealed, faving of the Statute of 8 Rich. II. c. 3.

‘ THIRST, it is accorded and affented, That all the c JC Statutes made by the Parliament in the Times ‘ of the King’s noble Progenitors, and in his own

*	Time, as well of Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, Efchea-

*	tors, and Clerks of Sheriffs, as of Purveyors, and all

*	other good Statutes and Ordinances not repealed by

*	Parliament, fhall be firmly holden and kept, and due c Execution thereof done, according to the Effedf of

*	the fame; (2) except the Statute of the juftices and. ‘ Barons of the Exchequer made at the laft Parliament, ‘ which, becaufe it is very hard, and needeth Declara-‘ tion, the King will that it be of no Force till it be

*	declared by Parliament.’

CAP.

EN primes accordez eft et affentuz qe touz les eftatuz faitz par parlement en temps de les nobles progenitours noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft et en fon temps demefne fibien des vifcontz fouth-vifeontz efehetours et clers des vifeontz come des purveours et touz autres bones eftatutz et orde-nances nient repellez par parlement foient ferme-ment tenuz et gardez et due execution ent fait fo-lonc leffeCte dicelles forfpris leftatut des Juftices et Barons de lefeheqer fait en darrein parlement le quele a caufe qil eft trop dure et embofoigne declaration le Roi voet qil foit de nulle force tanqe foit declarez par parlement.

II.

Villains flying into Places enfranchifed, and luing their Lords, fhall not bar thereby.

ITEM par la ou plufours villains et niefs fibien des grantz Seignurs come des autres gentz fibien efpiritels come temporeis fenfuent deinz citees villes et lieux enfranchilez come la Cite de Londres et autres fem-blables et feinont diverfes fuites devers lour Seignurs a caufe de lour faire franks par la refpons de lour Seignurs accordez eft et affentuz qe les Seignurs ne autres ne foient mye forbarrez de lour villayns par caufe de lour refpons cn la ley.

CAP. III.

A Writ of Error or Attaint maintainable by him in the Reverfion.

HeintheRe- ‘ TTEM it is accorded and affented, That if the verilon0i3llhave c ^ Tenant for Term of Life, Tenant in Dower, Writ of Error ‘ Tenant by the Courtfey of England, or Tenant in upon a faifc ‘ Tail after Poflibility of Ifl'ue extinff, be impleaded, Verdift found, c and plead to an Inqueft, and Iofe by the Oath of or an erroneous ‘ Twelve, or by Default, or in other Manner, that he Judgement given c to whom the Reverfion of the Tenements fo loft doth ticuTar Tenant." ‘ appertain at the Time of fuch Judgement given, his 1 Buiftr. 247. c Heirs or Succeffors, fhall have an Action by Writ of-3 Ed. 1. c. 38, c Attaint, to attaint the fame Oath, if they will allign

ITEM accordez eft & affentuz qe fi tenants termc de vie tenant en dower tenant par ley dEngleterre ou tenant en la taille apres poflibilite de blue efteint foient emplcdez & pledent al en-queft & perdont par ferement de dufze ou qils per-dont par defaute ou en autre manere qe celluy a qi la reverfion de tencmentz enfy nerduz appenuoit a temps de tiel jugement rendu les heirs ou fuccef-fours eient action par brief dattaindre le dit ferement fils voillent aftigner mcfme le ferement eftre

falx

Anno nono Richaedj II,

C* 4> 5*

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. falx 5c auxint par brief derrour fi errour y foit trove en le record de tiel jugement fibien en la. vie des ditz tenantz qenfy perdont come apres lour mort 5c fi tiel jugement erroyne foit reverfe ou tiel faulx ferement foit trove qe le tenant qi perdi par le primer jugement fil foit en vie foit reftitut a la pof-feflion des tenementz enfy perduz ove les ifi'ues en le mefne temps 5c le partie purfuant a les arrerages de la rente fi afeun a luy foit due de mefines les tenementz. Et fi tiel tenant foit mort a temps del jugement rendu fur tiebcbriefs.datteynt & derrour qe reftitution de tielx tenementz foit fait a la par-tie purfuant ove les ifi’ues puis la mort del tenant fuifdit enfemblement ove les arrerages del rent fi afeun a luy fuift due en la vie de tiel tenant.

Purveu ne pur qant coment qe le tenant qenfy perdi par le primer jugement foiten vie &le partie purfuant voille alleger qe mefme le tenant fuift de covine & aflent del demandant qe recovery qe tielx tenementz deuftent eftre perduz qe reftitution de mefmes les tenementez foit fait a mefme la partie purfuant ove les ifi'ues 5c arrerages come devant eft dit favant a tiel tenant a&ion par feire facias hors de mefme le jugement enfy reverfe ou rendu en le brief datainte fil.voille traverfer lescovyne5c aflent avantditz 5c autrement nient, Et qe cefte-eftatut tiegne lieu des jugementz a rendre. en temps avenir 5c auxint de deux jugementez nadgairs renduz en Bank le Roy en deux plees derrour lun entre Edmund Franceys 5c Idoine fa femme demandantz 5c Robert de Weftby 5c autres tenantz de certeins tenementz en Oxenford et le fuburbe de mefme la ville et lautre entre les ditz Edmond et Idoine demandantz et Richard Cornewayle etlfabell fa femme ct autres tenantz de certeins tenementz en mef-me la ville des queux tenementz le reverfion ap-pendoit au temps des ditz deux jugementz renduz as maiftre et efcolers del college de la Sale del Uni-verfite dOxenford a cc qeft dit et qe les ditz maiftre et efcolers poont avoir ct faire lour fiiite par brief dateinte ou derrour de mefme les jugementz come rneultz lour femblera folonc la fourmede ceft eftatut.

• 11 H. 7. c. 21 & 24.	19	H.	7.

<3 n *

0 / J

‘ the fame Oath to be falfe, and alfo by Writ of Er- 1 ej. 3, jtat. 1.

‘ ror, if Error be found in the Record of fuch Judge- c. 6. 5 Ed. 3.

1 merit, as well in the Life of fuch Tenants that fo do '"JJ? 7-	_	•

1 lofe, as after their Death. And if fuch Judgement , EJ 3 ‘ erroneous be reverfed, or fuch falfe Oath be found, 34 *• 3- •

1 that the Tenant which did lofe by the firft Judge-‘ merit, if he be in Life, fhall be reftored to his Pof-‘ fefiion of the Tenements fo loft, with the Ifi’ues in ‘ the mean Time, and the Party purfuing, to the Ar-‘ rcarages of the Rent, if any be due of the fame Te-‘ nements. And if fuch Tenant be dead at the Time

*	of the Judgement given upon fuch Writs of Attaint c and of Error, that Reftitution of the faid Tenements ‘ be made to the Party purfuing, with the Ifi'ues after ‘ the Death of the faid Tenant, together with the Ar-‘ rearages of the Rent, if any to him were due in the ‘ Life of the faid Tenant.

‘ II. Provided neverthelefs, that although the Te- He In the Re-‘ nant which fo did lofe by the firft Judgement be in verfion ailedgeth ‘ Life,	and the	Party purfuing	will	alleage that the tbft tbe palj'"

‘ fame	Tenant	was of Covin,	and	of Aiient of the ^ Q0V^^it^as

‘ Demandant which recovered, that fuch Tenements the Demandant.

‘ ought to be loft, that Reftitution of the fame Tene-c ments be made to the fame Party purfuing, with the ‘ Ifi'ues and Arrearages, as afore is faid. Laving to fuch ‘ Tenant his Action by Writ of Scire facias, out of ‘ the fame Judgement fo reverfed or given, or Writ of ‘ Attaint, if he will traverfe the Covin and Aflent ‘ aforefaid, and otherwife not.	And	that this Statute The particular

‘ hold	Place of	Judgements to	be given in Time to Tenants Reme-

‘ come, and all'o of two Judgements late gjven in f '0 traverfe ‘ the King’s Bench in two Pleas of Error, the one “e °'ln’

‘ betwixt Edmund Frances and Ideyn his Wife, Deman-

*	dants, and Robert TVeJiby and other Tenants of cer-

tain.Tenemerrts in Oxenford, arrd in the Suburbs of the

‘ fame Town ; and the other betwixt the faid Edmund ‘ and Ideyn Demandants, and Richard Cornwall and ‘ Ifabel his Wife and others Tenants, of certairr Te-‘ nements in the fame Town, of which Tenements ‘ the Reverfion at the Time of the faid two Judge-‘ ments given did pertain to the Mafter and Scholars ‘ of the College of the Univerfity Hall in Oxenford, as ‘ it is faid, fo that the Mafter and Scholars may have ‘ and do their Suit by Writ of Attaint or of Error of ‘ the fame Judgements, as to them heft fhall feem, ac- ,// c cording to the Form of this Statute.

c» 3.	23	H.	8. c. 3. and 37 H. 8. c, 5. for farther Regulations and Extenfiom of Attaints0

C A P. IV.

Whether a Prior be datiff and removable, or perpetual, the Trial fhall be by the Ordinary.

ITEM par la ou plee foit men parentre partie et partie en court le Roy les queux defeendent en iflu fur O B S.

tieu point ceft aflavoir fi un Priour quel la matier efteant en plee touche foit perpetuel ou datif et remuable a la volunte fon foverayn et lun des parties voille alleger en declaration de tiel perpetuite qe tiel Priour fuift prefente par fon foveraigne al ordinaire et par luy refeeu inftitut et indu£t prdene eft et eftabli qen tieu cas quant les parties defeendent a tiel ifliie qe brief foit mande al ordinaire de lieu de certifier fi tiel Priour foit perpetuel ou datif et remuable come devant et qe la matier foit adjuge folonc fa certification et qe ceft eftatut foit de force entre parties fibien la ou tiel Priour neft pas partie come la ou il eft partie et fibien en plees pendantz come plees defore a comencer.

CAP. V.

The Fees of Priefts taken in the Marfhalfy of the King’s Houfe.

ITEM ala reverence de Dieu et feint efglife ac- j c ITEM, For the Reverence of God, and of holy cordez eft et eftabli qe preftres et autres gentz | e X Church, it is accorded and eftablifhed, That Priefts '.	3	s	and

Seez if. 4. c. J<>r the Fees oj *be MarJJja!,

, ‘ and other People of'holy Church, taken IntheMar-’ ‘ fhalfy of the King’s Houfe, Ihall pay fuch Fees as ‘ Lay-people pay, reafonably, and no more.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. de feint efglife pris en la marchalcie de hoftel noftre Seignur le Roy paient tielx fees come les lais gentz refonablement paient et nient pluis.

A Statute made Anno 10 Rich. II. and Anno Dom. 1386.

CAP. I.

The King’s Commiffion to the Chancellor and others to examine into the State of his Courts, Revenues, Grants, and Officers Fees. See Appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 11 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

1387.

44	f,orc^	the King heartily defiring that the

44 I K Peace of his Land be well holden and kept, 44	^	and	his	faithful Subjects nourifired and go-

44 verned in Quietnefs and Tranquillity in all Parts 44 within his Realm of England, to the Honour of 44 God, and for the Caufes aforefaid, by the Affent of 44 the Lords and Commons of his Realm of England 44 affembled at his Parliament holden at Weftminjler

44	the Morrow of the Purification of our Lady, the

45	eleventh Year of his Reign, doth make and ftablilh 44 certain Statutes, and alio doth grant certain Graces 44 and Pardons in the. Form underwritten.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. m. 16.

NOSTRE redoute Seignur le Roy defirant moult entierement de coer qe la pees de fa terre foit bien tenuz et gardez et fes foialx lieges et fubgitz nurrez et governez en quiete et tranquillite toutz parts deinz fon Roialme fi ad al honurede Dieuetpurles caufes fuifditz de laflent des Seignurs et communes de fon Roialme affem-blez a Ion parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemain de la Purification de noftre Dame lan de fon regne unzifme fait et eftabli certeins eftatutz et ordinances et auxint grantez et ottroiez certeins graces et pardons en la fourme defoutz efcriptz.

C A P. I.

The Archbifhop of York and others: attainted of High Treafon. See Appendix..

CAP. II.

Claufe to prevent fraudulent Conveyances of their Eftates. See Appendix'.

C A P. III.

The Eftates of the Biffiop of Chichejler and others alfo forfeited. See Appendix-.

CAP. IV.

The Penalty of concealing any Part of the faid Eftates after Proclamation made. Eftates pof-fefied by a Traitor in another’s Right excepted. See Appendix.

CAP. V.

Iffiues in Tail, and Jointures of Women, alfo excepted. See Appendix.

CAP. VI.

Penalty of petitioning the King for any Grant of the faid Eftates during the War. See

4	•	Appendix»

C A Pi

Anno undecimo Richardi II.

C.

375

cap. vii.

All Mercliants Aliens and Denizens may buy and fell within this Realm without Interruption.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come par eftatut fait a Everwyk lan du regne le Roy Edward tierce iaiel noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft noefifme ordeignez feuftAt efta-bliz qe toutz merchantz aliens & denzeins & toutz autres & chefcun de eux de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qi achatre ou vendre veullent hlees vins avoir de poiis chares peflon & toutz autre vivres & vitailles leins draps merces merchandifes h tout manere dautnes chofes vendables de quele part qils viegnent par foreins ou par denzeins a quel lieu qi ce foit foit il citee burgh ville port du meer feir marchee ou autre lieu deinz mefme le Roialme de-inz franchife ou dehors les puiffent franchement & fanz deftourber vendre a qi qe lour pled: auxibien as foreins come as deinzeins forfpris les enemys de noftre Seignur le Roi & de fon Roialme. Et ii par cas deftourbance foite fait a nul merchant alien ou deinzein ou autre fur la vente des tieles chofes en citee burgh ville port de meer o'u autre lieu qe franchife eit & les mair baillifs ou autres qont garde de la dite franchife requis par les ditz merchantz ou autre dent faire remede & il ne le face & de ce foit atteint foit la franchife pris en la mayne le Roy & nientmeyns foit tenuz lui h les autres qi averont fait cclle dcffourbancc contre ceft eftatut de rendre & reftorer au dit merchant fes damages qil avera fuffert par cellc enchaifone au double. Et fi tielle deftourbance foit faitc as tielx merchantz ou as autres es villes ou licux cu franchife neft & le Seignur fil foit prefcnt ou fon baillif coneftable ou autre gardein des ditz villes & licux en abfence des Seignurs ent requis’ de faire droit ne le facent & de ce foient atteintz rendent les damages au pleintif au double auxi come defuis eft dit & les deftour-bcrs en lun cas & en lautre auxibien deinz fran-chifes come dehors fils foient atteintz eient la pri-fon dun an & jademcins foient reintz a la volente le Roi. Et qe null alien ne deinzein fur mefmes les peins foit deftourbe qil ne puifle franchement a-chatre les chofes fufnomez es lieux fufditz & carier la ou luy plerra a fon oeps demefne ou al profit du Roi & des grantz & du poeple du dit roialme forfpris qe les merchantz aliens ne atncfncnt vins hors de mefme le Roialme come eft contcnu en lour chartrc & qe les ditz chofes foient tenuz gardez & perfournez en chefcun citee burgh ville port du meer & autre lieu deinz le dit Roialme nient eon-treefteant chartrc de franchife a eux grantee a con -traire ne ufage ne euftume ou juggementz renduz furleur chartres ufages ne cuftumes qe eux purront aleggcr les queux chartres ufages & cuftumes ft nulles foient le dit Roi laid Prelates Contes Barons & Grantz & Communaltees avantditz tiegnent de null force come chofes grantez ufez ou acuftumez au damage du Roy Prelatz Contes Barons & grantz de fon Roialme & oppreffion de fon poeple.

TEM, Whereas by a Statute made at York, the 9E3.3. flet. o ^ ninth Year of King Edw. 3. Grandfather of the c- *•

King that now is, it was ordained and eftablifhed,

That all Merchants, Aliens and Denizens, and all ’	.

other and every of them, of what Eftate and Condition they be, which will buy or fell Corn, Wine,

Avoir de pois, Flefh, Fifli, and all other Victuals,

Wooll, Cloths, Wares, Merchandifes, and all other Things vendible, from whencefoever they come, by Foreigners or by Denizens, to what Place that it be, be it City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, Fair,

Market, or other Place' within the fame Realm, within Franchife or without, may freely, and without Difturbance fell the fame to whom pleafe them, as well to Foreigners as Denizens, except to the 9 H- 3- flat. 1, Enemies of the King and of his Realm. (2) And c> 3Ci if percafe Difturbance be done to any Merchant,

Alien or Denizen, or other, upon the Sale of fuch Things in City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, or other Place which hath a Franchife, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, or other, that having the Keeping of the faid Franchife be required, by the faid Merchants or other, thereof to make Remedy, and do not, and thereof be attainted, the Franchife fhall be taken into the King’s Hand; (3) And neverthelefs, he and other which have done this Difturbance a-gainft this Statute, fhall be bound to yield and re-ftore to the faid Merchant his double Damages, which he hath fuftained by this Occafton. (4) And WhatPemlty if fuch Difturbance be done to fuch Merchant, or ^a11 to other, in Towns and Places where no Franchife v.Skh .lo'ai-is, and the Lord, if he be prefent, or his Bailiff, RUrb Merchants Conftabie, or other Warden of the faid Towns and to fell their Places, in Abfence of the Lords thereof, required to Commodities, do Right, do not, and thereof be attainted, they -fhall yield to the Plaintiff his double Damages, as afore is faid ; (5) and the Difturbers in the one Cafe and the other, as weil within Franchife as without, if they be attainted, fhall have Imprifonment of one Year, and 'neverthelefs he ranfonred at the King’s Will. (6) And that no Alien nor Denizen upon the fame Pains be difturbed, but that he may freely buy the Things above named in the Places aforefaid, and carry the fame where pleafe:h him to his own.

Ufe, or to the Profit of the King, the great Men and the People of the Realm, (7) except that the Merchants All-Merchants Aliens fhall carry no Wines out of the cl'-s n‘f!l carr>' Realm, as is contained in their Charter; (8) ancl "h’e	01

that the faid Things be kolden, kept, and performed in every City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, and other Places within the faid Realm, notwithr ftanding any Charters of Franchife to them granted to the contrary, nor Ufage, Cuftom, nor Judgements given upon their Charters, Ufages, nor Cuf-toms which they can ailedge ; (9) which Charters,

Ufages and Cuftoms (if any there were) the faid King the Grandfather, the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Great Men and Commons aforefaid, do hold of no Force, as Things granted, ufed, and accuftomed to the Damage of the King, the Prelates, Earls,

Barons, and Great Aden of his Realm, and Oppreffion of the Commons.

a

“ IL

376 c- 7«

Anno.undecimo Rich ardi II. A. D. 1387.

ARefervation of Cuftoms,	1

Who may'inquire of and punifti the fait! Offences.-

15 Ed, 3. fiat. 4. c. 2..

Merchants*may cc feJl their Wares cc in Grols, or by Retalc, jiotwith-Handing any Grant or	ic

Cuftom.	<4

s R. 2. Hat, i*. cc c. i.

_ (( 4C (4 44 44 44 (4 44

The Stat. of “ 9 Ed. 3. fiat. x. c c, 1. & 25 Ed. 3. c flat. 4. c.&.ihaU c be executed in ^ all Points, not-withftandingany c Charter, See, *

4

'4

4

4

“ II. Saving always to the King, and to other the Cuftoms due of the faid Merchandifes. ’ (z) And alfo that the Chancellor, Treafurer, 2nd Juftices affigned to hold the Pleas of the King in Places where they come, fhall inquire of fuch Difturbances and Grievances, and punifh according as is before ordained. .(3) And neverthclefs, the King fhall cav.fe to be affigned by Commiffion under the Great Seal certain People, where and when it fhall pleafe him, to inquire of fuch Difturbances and Grievances, and to execute Punifhment as aforefaid. (4}. And after by a Statute made at a Parliament holden at Wcftminjler the xxv. Year of King Edward the Third, it was ordained by the fameKingEDWARD the Grandfather, Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all other Great Men and Commons, That the faid Statute made the faid ix Year, in all Points and Articles contained in the fame, fhall be holden, kept, and maintained. (5) And if any Charter, Letters Patents, Proclamation, or Commandment, Ufage, Allowance, or Judgement were made to the contrary, the fame fliould be utterly repealed, avoided, and holden for none. (6) And moreover, that every Merchant or other, of what Condition that he be, as well Alien as Denizen, which fhall bring Wines, Flefh, Fiili, or other Victuals, Cloths, Fells, or Avoir de pois, or any other Wares or Merchandifes to the City of London, or to other Cities, Boroughs, or good Towns of England, or Port of the Sea, may freely and without Challenge or Impeachment of any, fell them in Grofs, or at Retale, or by Parcels, at his Will, to all Manner of People that will buy the fame,*notwithftanding any Grant, Fran-chife, or Cuftom ufed, or any other Manner of Thing done to the contrary, fince that fuch Franchifes and Ufages be in common Prejudice of the King, and of all his People. (7) And that no Mayor, Bailiff, Catchpole, Minifter, or other, fhall meddle with the Sale of any Manner of Victuals vendible, carried or brought to Cities, Boroughs, nor other Towns, nor Fair, or Market, but only he to whom the Victuals fhall be. (8) And alfo that Proclamation be thereof made of new in all the Counties of England, and in the City of London, and in all other Cities, Boroughs, and good Towns and Ports of the Sea, and elfewhere within the Realm of England, where it fhall be needful. (9) And that the faid King the Grandfather fhall thereupon caufe to be affigned his Juftices at all Times that fhall pleafe him, and fhall be neceflary, to inquire of all them that {hall fell, or any Thing do to the contrary, and to punifh them according to the Pain contained in the fame Statute made the faid ninth Year. (10) And that every Man that will fue againft any, fhall have a Writ out of the Chancery to attach him by his Body, as a Difturber of the common Profit, and to make him come to Anfwer thereof in the King’s Court, as by the fame Statutes plainly doth appear.” ‘ (11) Our Lord the King feeing clearly that the faid Statutes if they were holden and fully executed, fhould much extend to the Profit and Wealth of all the Realm, hath ordained and eftablifhed, by the Aftent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, great Men, Nobles, and Commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled. That the faid Statutes fhall from henceforth be firmly holden, kept, maintained, and fully executed in all the Points and Articles of the fame, not-withftanding any Ordinance, Statute,. Charter, Let-

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond.

Sauvez toutesfoitz au Roy & as autres les cu-ftufnes duez des ditz merchandifes. Et auxint qe le Chanceller Treforer & Juftices affignez a te-nir les plees le Roy es lieux ou ils veignent enquer-gent des tieles deftourbances & grevances & facent puniflement felonc ce qeft avant ordeignez. Et nientmeyns qe le Roy face affigner par commiffion de fon grant feal certeins gentz ou & qant luy plerra denquer des tieles deftourbances & grevances & de faire puniflement come defuis eft dir. Et puis par eftatut fait en parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan vint & quint du regne le dit Roi Edward laiel accordez eftoit par mefme le Roi Edward laid prelates contes barons & toutz autres grantz & Communes en le dit parlement aflemblez qe le dit eftatut fait le dit an noefifme en toutz pointz & articles contenuz en ycel ferroit tenu garde & meyntenu & qe fi null eftatut chartre lettre pa-tente proclamation ou mandement ufage allouance ou juggement feuft fait a contrair ferroit overte-ment repelle aniente & tenu pur null. " Et outre ce qe chefcun merchant ou autre de quele condition qil ferroit auxibien alien come deinzein qi amefne-roit vins chares pefton ou autre manere des vitailles draps peaux ou avoir de poiis ou quelconqes autres merces ou merchandifes a la Citee de Londres ou as autres citees burghs & bones villes dEngleterre ou portz du meer les purroit franchement & fanz chaiange ou empefehement de nully vendre en grofl’e ou a retaille ou par parcelles a fa volentee a quelconqes gentz qe les voudroient achatre nient contreefteantz quelconqe franchife grante ou cu-ftume ufe ou quelconqe autre manere chofe faite a contraire deficome qe tieux franchifes & ufages font en commune prejudice du Roi & de tout fon. poeple. Et qe null mair baillif cachepol miniftre ne null autre fe medleroit de la vente de null manere des vitailles vendables mefnez ou portez as citees burghs nautres villes ne foire ne marche fors foulement celuy a qi les vitailles ferroient & qe proclamation ent fe ferroit de novell en toutz les-contees dEngleterre & en la Citee de Londres & es touz autres citees burghs et bones villes et portz du meer et aillours deinz le Roialme dEngleterre ou meftier ferroit. Et qe le dit Roi laiel fur ce ferroit affigner fes Juftices toutz les foitz qe lui-plerroit et meftier ferroit denquere de toutz ceux qr vendroi-ent ou riens ferroient a lencontre et de les punir felonc la peine contenue en mefme leftatut fait le dit an noefifme et qe chefcun qi vorroit fuir devers null tiel averoit brief de la Ghancellerie- de luy at-tacher par fon corps come deftourbour de commune profit de luy faire ent venira refp’ons en la Courte le Roi come par mefmes les eftatutz pleine-ment appiert. Noftre Seignur le Roi veiant clere-ment qe les ditz eftatutz fils feufient tenuz etpleine-ment executz fextendent overtement al profit et bicn commune de tout le Roialme Si ad ordeignez et eftabliz par aftent des Prelatz- Dues Contes Barons grantz Nobles et Communes en ceft prefent parlement aflemblez qe les ditz eftatutz foient de-fore ennvant fermement tenuz gardez mayntenuz h pleynement executz en toutz poyntz & articles dycelles Nient contreefteantz afeun- eftatut ordinance

A.D, 1387.

Anno undecimoRicHARPi II.

C. 8—11.

377

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. nance,.cftartres lettrcs-patentes franchife proclamation man demerit ufage. rdUmance ou jiiggcment fait ou ufe a contraire. Et qe fi afcun ticl eftatut ordinance chartre lettres patentz franchife proclamation maundemcnt ufage allowance ou juggement foit fait ou wfe a contraire-foit outremcnt repellez anieut.fo & stenuz pur nulj,

c. 4. which fut Merchants Str

‘ tcr$ Patents, Franchife^ Proclamation, Command-‘ nient, Ufage, Allowance, or Judgement .made op ‘ u(ed to the contrary. (12) And that if any Statute,

‘ Ordinance, Charter, Letters Patents, Franchife, Pro-‘ clamation, Commandment, Ufage, Allowance, or ‘ Judgement be made or ufed to the contrary, it (hall See 16 c be.utterly repealed, avoided, and holden for-nonc.’	65//'^‘

rangers under feme RefiriBbmt, See Hketvifc izH.J. c. 6. concerning Merchant Adventurers,

CAP. VIII.

. * *' « < > ^

- Certain Annuities granted by the King, his Father and Grandfather, made void.

ITEM ordeigne eft et eftabliz qe toulz les annuites et autres chofes donez ou grantez par noftre Seignur le Roi ou par fon piere ou par ion aiel a quelconqes perfones qe ce foit ovefqe la claufe, qmufque pro Jiatu fuo alitcr duxcriinm ordinandtitn foient toutz voides et de nulle force fi mefmes. les perfones aient acceptez apres autres chofes du Roi ou de fon pere ou de fon aiel avantilitz.

CAP. IX.

No new.lmpolkion fhall be put upon Merchandifes.

ITEM qe. nulle impofition ne charge foitmys fur lains quirs ou pealx lanutz autre qe le fub-fide Sc'c'uftume grantez au Roi en ceil prefent par-lernent & ft afeuny foit foit repellez &"adnuHez come autres foitz feuit ordeynez par eftatut Sau-vant toutdiz au Roi fon auncien droit.

,c T TEM, That no Impofition or Charge be put up-‘ X on Woolls, Leather, or Woollfels, other than ‘ the Cuftom and Subfidy granted-to the King in this ‘ prefent Parliament; and if any be, the fame fhall be ‘ repealed and annulled, as it was another Time or-x dained by Statute ; faving always unto the King his ‘ .ancient Right.-, ,	-	45	Ed.	3.	c.	4.

■ ■ v	C A P, X.	.............

» *

The King’s Signet or Privy Seal fhall not be lent in Diflurbance of the Law.

ITEM oidcyme eft & eftahly qe lettres de Signet ne du Secre Teal noftre belgnur le Roy ne fqient deformes envoiez cn' damage ne prejudice de Roialme nen deftourbance de la loye.

ITEM it isord,aimed and eftablifhed. That neither Cro.El.417.

Letters of |the Signet, nor of the King’s Privy 1 Anderf. 15S, Seal, fhall be from henceforth .Tent in Damage or Prejudice of the Realm, nor in Difturbance of the 9H- 3- n Law.’	.	Ci *9-

a Ed. 3. c. 8.

5 Ed. 3. c. 9. J^Ed. I.flxtl. I. c. 14.	23 Ed. 3-Jtat. 5. c. 4.	20 fi. 3. r. 3.	42	Ed. 3. c. 3. See farther 4 II. 7. c, 12. giving Dircflions to Juftices of the

React; and 16 Car. 1, c, 10. for regulating .the Privy Council and taking atvay the Star Chamber.

CAP. XI.

The keeping ef Afiifcs in good Towns, referred to the Confideration of the Chancellor and

Juftices, &c.

ITEM come nadgairs en leftatut fait a Weftm’ lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy ftfme entre autres chofes ordeynez foit & accordez qe Juftices aflignez & affigners as affifes prendre & gaoles deliverer tendroient leur feftions en les prin-cipalx & chiefs villes de chefcun contee ceftaftavoir la ou le contee de mefmes les contees foit ou en apres ferroit tenuz noftre Seignur le Roi confide-rant coment le dit eftatut ft eft en partie damageous et grevous as gentz du plufours contees dEngleterre Voet et grante de laftent fufdit al requeft des ditz Communes qe le Chanceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ait poair dent mettre et faire remede par advys des juftices de temps en temps qant meftier ferra Nient contreefteant leftatut avantdit.

“ T TEM, Whereas late in a Statute made at Weft- 9 11,3,ftat. 1. “ X tninjier, the fixth Year of the King’s Reign that c.iz. 13Ed.i1 “ now. is, amongft other Things it was ordained, and A2'' *•c- 3°-“ accorded, That the Juftices affigned and to be af-6 “ figned, to take Affifes, and d.eliver Gaols, fhould “ hold their Seffious in the chief and principal Towns “ of every County, that is to fay, where the Shire-“ Courts of the fame Counties be or- hereafter fhall be “ holder.;” £ (2) our Lord the King confidering how’

‘ the laid Statute is in Part prejudicial and grievous to c the People of divers Counties of England', will and ‘ grant of the Aflent aforefaid, at the Requeft of the ‘ laid Commons, That the Chancellor of England for s the Time being fhall have Power thereof to make •

‘ and provide Remedy by Advice of the Juftices from ‘ time to time, when Need lhall he, notwithftandingS«« 14.W. 6.1-, 3, ‘ the faid Statute.’

•with regard to the County of

Et mmorattd’ qwi pmfomatiqiJitaJlMutifcitto fait ln fwgtdiscomitatilitf .An.gUei .	.	Cumberland,

VoL, I,

Ccc

Statutes

378 C. i—3*	Anno duodecimo Rich ardi II. A. D.	1388.

Statutes made at Cambridge, Anno 12 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

1388.

Ex Rot. in cEurr. Lond. m. 13.

PU R commune profit & univerfel bien de tout le Roialme noftre Seignur le Roi a fon parle-ment tenuz a Cantebr’ lendemayn de la nati-vite de noftre Dame lan de Ton regne douzifme del affent des Seignurs & Communes illoeqs affemblez ad fait certeins eftatutz & ordenances en. lalforme qenfuit.

“ 'OOR the common Profit and univerfal Wealth “ of all the Realm of England, our Lord the “ *®“ King at his Parliament holden at Canterbury “ the Morrow after the Nativity of our Lady, the “ Twelfth Year of his Reign, by the Affent of the “ Lords and Commons there affembled, hath made iC certain Statutes and Ordinances in the Form follow-“ inz.”

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all former Statutes not repealed.

‘ ITVIrft, It Is accorded and affented, That holy Church * A? have all her Liberties and Franchifes ; and. that ‘ the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft, ‘ and all other Statutes and Ordinances made in Times ‘ paft, and not repealed, fhall be duly holden, and ‘ firmly kept.’

PRimerment accordez eft & affentuz qe feinte efglife eit toutes fes libertees & franchifes & qe~ la Grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte & touz autres eftatutz & ordenances avant ces heures faitz & nient rcpellez foient duement tenuz fit fermement gardez.

CAP. II.

£/if arced by 5 a- 6 Ed. 6.

c; a 5.

None fhall obtain Offices by Suit, or for Reward, but upon Defert.

s f TEM it is accorded, That the Chancellor, Trea-1 A furer, Keeper of the Privy Seal, Steward of the ‘ King’s Houfe, the King’s Chamberlain, Clerk of the

*	Rolls, the Juftices of the one Bench and of the other, ‘ Barons of the Exchequer, and all other that fhall be ‘ called to ordain, name, or make Juftices of Peace, £' Sheriffs, Efcheators, Cuftomers, Comptrollers, or

•	any other Officer or Minifter of the King, fhall be 4 firmly fworn, that they fhall not ordain, name, or i make Juftice of Peace, Sheriff, Efcheator, Cuftomer, *■ Comptroller, nor other Officer or Minifter of the ‘ King, for any Gift or Brocage, Favour or Affedtion ; ‘ (2) nor that none which purfueth by him, or by 4 other, privily or openly, to be in any Manner Office, 4 fhall be put in the fame Office, or in any other; (2) 4 but that they make all fuch Officers and Minifters of

the beft and moft lawful Men, and fufficicnt to their £ Eftimation and. Knowledge.’

ITEM accordez eft & affentuz qe le Chanceller Treforer Gardein du prive feal Senefchall del Hoftel le Roi- Chaumbreleyn du Roi Clerc des Roulles Juftices de lun Bank. & de lautre Barons de Lefcheker &: toutz autres qi ferront appellez dor-dbiner nomer ou faire Juftices de la paix vifeontz efehetours cuftumers contrerollours on afeun autre officer ou miniftre du Roi foient fermement jurrez & ferementez qils nordeinent noment ne facent juftice de la paix vifeont efehetour cuftumer contre-rollour ne null autre officer ne miniftre du Roi par null manere doun ne brogage favour naffeftion ne qe null qe purfue par luy ou par autre en- prive ou en apert deftre en afeune manere office foitjnys en mcfme loffice ou en afeun autre einz qils facent toutz tielx officers & miniftres de les plus bones ct loialx et les plus fufficeantz a lour efcience et lour confcience.

C A P. III.

No Servant fhall depart from one Hundred to another, without a Teftimoniai under the King’s

Seal, on pain of being fet in the Stocks.

f /. T TEM accordez eft et affentuz qe toutz. les eftatutz des artificers labourers fervantz ct vitaillers faitz ft-* it j»c. j. ' "X bien cn temps noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft come en temps de Ion noble aiel qe Dieux affoill nient repel-lez foient fermement tenuz et gardez et duement execute et qe les ditz artificers laborers fervantz et vitaillers foient duement jufticez par les juftices de la paix fibicn a fuite du Roi come de partie folonc [exigence des ditz eftatutz et qe les mairs baillifs ct fenefehalx des Seignurs et coneftablss des villes facent duement lour offices touchant tieix artificers fcrvairtz laborers et vitaillers ct qe ceppes foient en ebefeune villc a juftifer mefmes les fervantz et laborers come ordciriez eft en leftatutz fuifditz. Et cn outre eft ordeinez et aflerttuz qe nu-ll fervant ou laborer foit il homme ou femme ne depart au fyn de fon terme hors del hundred rape ou wapentak " ou il eft demurrant pur fervir ou demurrer aillours ou par colour dalcr loyns en pillerinage fil nc porte lettre patente contenant la caufc de fon a'er et le temps de fon retournir lil doit retournir defouz le fcal le Roi qa ce lerra affigne et livcrc cn garde dafeun prodhomme del hundred ou hundredes-rape ou wapentak citec et burgh folonc la diferetion des juftices de la paix a garder et loialment faire tielx lettres quant il bufoign.ct n err ye en autre manere par fon ferement et quentour le dit feal foit cfeript le noun del countee et a travers 4

A. D. 13-88.

Anno duodecimo Richardi II.

C. 4—6.	379

Explained by St. 4II. 5. c. 4. 4 H. 8. c. 5. RepJ 5 El. c. 4. & 21 Jac. I. c. 28.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

da dit feal le noun del dit hundred rape wapentak citee ou burgh b fi afeun fervant ou laborer foit trove cn citee burgh ou aillours venant dafcun lieu vageranc fanz tiel lettre foit mayntenant pris par les dits meirs baillifs fenefehalx ou coneftables b mys'en ceppes b garde tanqe il cit trovez feuretee de retournir a fon fer-vice ou fervir ou laborer en la ville dont il vient tanqe il eit tiel lettre a departier pur caufe refonable. Et fait a remembrer qe fervant ou laborer pulfle franchement departier hors de fon fervice al fyn de fon terme b fervir aillours'iffint qil foit en certein ove qi b eit autiel lettre come defus. Mais neft pas lentention de cefte order.ance qc fervantz qi chivachent ou aillent es bufoignes de lour Seignurs ou meiftres foient compm deinz cede ordenance pur temps de mefme le bufoigne b fi null porte tiel lettre qe poet eftre trovez forge, ou faux cit la prifone de qarant jours pur la fauxine b outre tanqe il eit trove feurtee de retournir b fervir & laborer come devant eft dit. Et qe null receite fervant ne laborer alantz hors de lour hundredes rape wapentak citee ou burgh fanz lettre teftimoniale ne ove lettre outre une noet fil ne foit pur caufe de maladie ou autre caufe refonable ou qil voet b puifie fervir b laborer illoeqs par mefme la tefmoignance fur peyne a limiter par juftices de la paix b qe fibien artificers b gentz de miftier come fervantz b apprentiz qi ne font de grant avoir b de quell artifice ou miftier len nad pas grant bufoigne en temps dAuft foient artez de fervir en Auft de cier coiller & entrer les bleds & qe ceft eftatut foit duement execut par mairs baillifs fenefehalx & coneftables des villes fur peyne a limiter b ajugger par les ditz juftices de la paix en lourfefiions b qc null preigne outre un denier pur la dite lettre faire b enfealer b deliverer.

CAP. IV.

The feveral Penalties for giving or taking more Wages than is limited by Statute. (

ET enoutre a caufe qe les fervantz b laborers ne voillent ne par long temps ont voluz fervir b laborer fanz outrageoufe & exceffive lower b moult greindre qe nad efte done as tielx fervantz & 1 aborers en 'afeun temps pafle frqe pur chierte des ditz laborers b fervantz les hufbandes & terre tenantz ne poent paier lour rentes ne a peyne vivre fur lour terres a trefgrant damage b perde fibien des Seignurs come de toute la communalte. Et auxint a caufe qe les lowers des ditz laborers b fervantz nont efte tnys en certeyn devant ces heures Accordez eft b afientuz qe le baillif pur hufbandrie preigne par an xiii s. iiiid. b fa vefture un foitz par an a plus le maiftre hyne x s. charetterxs. bercher x s. bovervis. viii d. vachervis. viiid. por-cher vi s. femme laborer vi s. deye vi s. chacer de charue vii s. ail plus b chefcun autre laborer b fervant fo-lonc fon degree b meyns en paiis ou meyns foleit eftre donez fanz vefture curtoifie ou autre regard par covenant. Et qe null fervant des artificers ne des vitaillers deinz citees burghs nautres villes ne preigne plus qe les laborers b fervantz defufripmez folonc lour eftat fanz vefture curtoifie ou autre regarde par covenante come defus eft dit. Et ft nully doune ou preigne par covenant plus qe neft efpecifiez paramont qal primer-,foitz qils ferront ent atteintz paient fibien les donours come les parnours la value de lexcefie iflintdone ou pris b al fecond foitz de lour atteindre la double value de tielle excefle b al tierce foitz la treble value de tielle excefle et fi le parnour iffint atteint neit riens dont paier le dit excefle eit la prifone de qarant jours.

C A P. V.

Whofoever ferveth in Hufbandry until Twelve Years old, lhall fo continue.

ITEM ordeinez eft et afientuz qe celuy ou celle qe ufe de laborer a la charue et charette ou autre labour Rep. 5 El. c. 4.

ou fervice de hufbandrie tanqil foit del age de xii. ans qe delors enavant il demoerge a cell labour fanz eftre *11 Jac- *• c-tnys a miftier ou artifice et fi afeun covenant en lien dapprentice foit fait defore enavant a contraire foit tenuz sS" pur null.

CAP. VI.

No Servants in Hufbandry, or Labourer, fhall wear any Sword, Buckler, or Dagger. Un-

' lawful Games prohibited.	•

ITEM accordez eft et afientuz qe null fervant de hufoandrie ou laborer ne fervant de artificer:ne de vi- Rep. 21 J«. *> tailler ne porte defore enavant baflard dagger nefpee fur forfaiture dicelle finon en temps de guerre pur c> a8, defenfe du Roialme et ce pur furvewe des arraiours pur le temps efteantz ou travaillant par paiis ovefqe lour meftres ou en le meflage de lour meiftres mes eient tielx fervantz et laborers arkes et fetes et les ufent les dymenges et jours des.feftes. Et leflent tout outrement les jeues as pelotes fibien a meyn come a piee et !cs autres jeues appellez coytes dyces gettre de pere keyles et autres tielx jeues importunes. Et qe les vifeontz mairs baillifs b coneftables aient poair darefter b areftent touz les contrevenantz b les.baflardes daggers b efpees fufditz b les ditz baflardes daggers & efpees feifir b garder tanqal feflion des juftices de la paix & les prefentent devant les ditz juftices en lour feflions enfemblcment ove les nouns de ceux qe les porterent; Et neft pas lentention du Roy qe prejudice foit fait as franchifes des Seignurs touchantz les forfeitures a eux dues.

r	ri	•!	O'

CcC!‘

CAP.

380 C, 7—10.

Anno duodecimo Richard 1 II.

A. D. 1388.

Rep. t Ed* c. & u J«.I. c. 2S.

Rep. 31 J*c. *• c. aS.

Rep. 5 El. c. 4. & 21 Jac. I.

c. sS.

1 Ed. 3. flit. 2*.

c. 16.

4-Ei/. 3. c. 2. 34..E4. 3. c. 1. 36 Ed. 3. c. 12. 32 R. 2. c, 10.

The Wage* of the Clerk of the Peace. .

CAP. VII.

The Punilhment of Beggars able to lerve,' and a Provifion for impotent Beggars.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

IT EM accordez eft & aftentuz qe de chefcun qi va nveridindfit & eft able de fervir ou laborer foit fait de luy come de celuy qi depart hors dc hundredes & autres lieux fufditz fanz lettre tefmoigniale come delu3 eft dit forfpris gentz. de religion & heremytes approvez eiantz lettres tefmoinales des ordinairs. Et qe le3 fnendinantz irni>otentZ de fervir de'murgent es citees &'villes ou ils font demurrantz al temps de proclamation de ceft eftatut. Et ft les gentz des ditz citees ou villes ne voillent ou ne poient-fuffir de les trover qe les ditz mendinantz foi traihent as autres villes deinz le hundred rape ou wapentakou as villes ou ils furent nez deinz qarrant jours apres la dire proclamation faite & la demurgent continuelment pur lour vies. Et qe de touz ceux qaillent en pilrinage come.mehdinantz & font puiffant de travailler foit fait come des ditz fervantz Si laborers Ills nfcicnt lettres teftimohiales de lour pilrinage defouz les fealx avantditz. Et qe les clers des uni-verfttees qi vont ehfy mendinantz eieftt lettres de telmoigne de lour chanceller fur mefme le peyne.

CAP. VIII.

Travellers reporting they have been imprifoned beyond Sea (hall produce TefUmonials.

ITEM ordeinez eft & aftentuz qe ceux qe fe feignent hommes ttavailles horfi du Roialme & illoeqes eftre emprifonez portent lettres teftimoniales des capitains ou ils ont demurrez ou des meirs Si baillifs ou ils facent lour arrival et qe meftnes les meirs et -baillifs enquergent de tielx gentz ou ils ont demurrez et ove qi et en quel lieu lour demoer eft en Engleterre et qe meftnes les mairs et baillifs les facent lettre patente defouz le leal de lour office tefmoignant le jour de lour arrivall et ou ils ont efte a ce qils ont dit et qe les ditz meirs et baillifs les facent jurrer qils tendront lour droit chymyn vers lour paiis ftrson qils eient lettre patente defouz le,grant feal du Roy dautrement faire. Et ft afcun tiel homme travaillez foit trove fanz tiele lettre foit fait de luy come des fervantz et laborers fufditz. Et cefte ordenance ferra entendue des hommea travailkz qi vont mendinantz par la paiis apres lour arrival.

CAP. IX.

The Statute of Labourers lhail be executed within Cities and-Boroughs*

IT EM ordeinez. eft et aftentuz qe les ordinances fufdites des fervantz et laborer? mendinantz et vage-rantz tiegnent lieu et foient executz ftbien es citees et burghs come es autres villes et lieux deinz le Roialme ftbien deinz franchife come dehors. Et qe le. vifeontz meirs et baillifs et gardeins des-gaoles foierit tenuz et chargcz de receivre les ditz fervantz laborers mendinantz et vagerantz et les detenir en prifone en la forme avantdite fanz les lefler a mainprife ou en bailie et fans fee ou autre riens prendre deux par eux. meftnes ou par autres tant come ils foient enfy en prifone ou al entree ou ifliie de mefme la prifone fur peyne de paier C s. au Roy.

C A P. X.

How'raany Juftices of Peace there fliall be in every County, and how often they fhall keep

their Seffions.

‘ ITEM it is ordained and agreed, That in every ‘ L Commiffion of the Juftices of Peace, there lhail ‘ be affigned but fix Juftices, with the Juftices of Af-* fifes, (2) and that the Paid fix Juftices lhail keep ‘ their Seffions in every Quarter of the Year at the ‘deaft, and by three Days, if-need be, upon Pain to-‘ be punilhed according to the Difcretion of the King’s-‘ Council, at the Suit of every Man that will com-4 plain; (3) and they fhall inquire diligently, amongft ,‘"other J uings. touching their Offices, if the faid 4 Mayor's, Bailiffs, Stewards, Conftables, and Gaolers ‘ have duly done Execution of the faid Ordinances of ‘ Servants, and Labourers, Beggars and Vagabonds, _,4 and lhail punilh them that be punifhable by the faid 4 Pain of an-hundred Shillings, by the fame Pain; and ‘ they that be found in Default, and which be. not pu-4 nifhable by the fame Pain, fliall be punilhed by their ‘ Difcretion. (4) And every of the faid Juftices lhail ‘ take for their Wages four Shillings the Day for the ‘ Time of their faid Seffions, and their Clerk two Shil-‘ lings, of the Fines and Amerciaments rifingand com-

ITEM ordeinez eft & aftentuz qen chefcun commiffion des Juftices de la paix ne foient affignez e fys Juftices outre les Juftices-daffifes & qe les itz fys Juftices tiegnent lour feffions en chefcun uartre del an au meyns & ce par trois jours ft me-ier foit fur peyne deftre p-uniz folonc ladvys du confeil le Roy a fuite de chefcun qe foy vorra plein-dre & enquergent diligea'l-ment entre autres chofcs touchantz lour offices'fi les ditz meirs;baillifs fc-nefehalx & coneftables Si au-xint gaolers ont due-ment faitz execution des ditz ordenances & eftatufe des- Servantz &Laborers Mendinantz & Vagerantz & puniffent ceux qe font puniffables par la dite peyne de Cs.' par mefme la peyne Si Ceux qi fortt trovez en defaut qr qe font pas puni flab les .{jar la dite peyne puniffent par lour difcretion. Et preig-ne chefcun des ditz Juftices pur lour gages iiijs. le jour pur le temps de lour ditz feffions Si lour clercs deuxs. le jour des fyns Si amerciementz furdantz & provenantz de mefmes les feffions par les mayns des vifeontz. E qe les Seignurs des franchifes foient

A. D. 1388, Anno duodecimo Richardi II.	C.	11,	12.	381

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. cnt contributoirs as ditz gages i'olonc lafferant de lour part dcs fyns & amerciementz fufditz. Et qe mill fenefchall de Seignur foit affigne en null des ditz commiffions & qe null affociation foit faite as Juftices de la paix apres lour primer commiilion. Et neft pas Ientention de ceft eftatut qe les Juftices de lun bank & de laiitre ne les lergeantz de ley en cas qils foient nomez en les ditz commillioiis foient tenuz par force de ceft eftatut de tenir les ditz fef-Gons quatre foitz par an come font les autres corn-miilioners qi font continuelment deimirrantz en paiis mes qils le facent qant ilsace pcent bonement entendre.

cf tbs Peace, 2 H. 5-/2.'. 1. f.4, 3 P. & M. c. 10. 7 f:c, 1 c. 20. z\Gc'j. z* c. -6.

ing of the fame Seffioris, by the Hands of the Sheriffs. (5) And that the Lords of Franchifes fhall be contributory to the faid Wages, after the Rate of their Part of Fines and Amerciaments aforefaid. (6)

And that no Steward of any Lord be affigned in any No Arociation of the faid Commiffions. (7) And that no Affocia- J“ftices of tion {hall be made to the juftices of the Peace after “rA, ftat, ,, their firft Commiffion. (8) And it is not the Intent c. 7." of this Statute, that the J uftices of the one Bench or The judges and of the other, nor the Serjeants of the Law, in cafe Seijeants of the that they fhall be named in the faid Commiffions, ^a'j ^alLaE fhall ^be bound by Force of this Statute to hold the but when they faid Seffions four Times in the Year, as the other nuy. Conimiffioners, the which be continually dwelling in See farther cm-the Country, but that they fhall do it when they may cff:r% ,bg~fa~ MUtKndif	■

1477.6.1.4.	1SIT.6.c.it. 1M4.0!.	1 R. 3. c. 3.	3H.7.	c.	1.	1 717. flat. 2. c. 3.	1	S’ 2 P. 6? M c. 13.	2	£?

5.	31 Jac.i r. 22. 6 Gec.j.c.zi. gGco.i.c.j, 5 G&o* 2. c. 18 fe? 19.	15 Geo, 2, c, 24.	16	Geo.	2. c, 18.	18	Geo,	2«

24 Geo. 2. c. 44 S? 55* 26 Geo* 2. c, 14.S? 27. 27	2.	c.	16	Sf	20.	30	Geo. 2. r. 24.

CAP. XI.

I

'The Punifhment of him that telleth Lies of the Peers or great Officers of the Realm.

ITEM come contenuz foit fibien en leftatut de Weftm’ primer come ,en leftatut fait a GIouc’ Ean-du. regne noftre. Seignur le Roi qore eft fecond qe null foit fi hardy de contro-ver dire ou confer afeune faux novell menfonge ou autre tiel fauxe chofe des Prelatz Dues Counts Barons 5c autres nobles & grantz du Roialme & auxint de Chancel-ler Treforer' Clerc du prive feal Senefchall del Ho-ftel noftre Seignur le Roi Juftices de lun bank & de lautre & dautres grantz officers du Roialme & qi le fra foit pris& emprifoiies jefqes autant.qil eit trove celuy dont la parole ferra moevez accordez eft ft effentuz en ceft parlemetit qe qant afeun tie] foit. pris & emprifor.ez & ne poet trover celuy dont le parole ferra moevez come devant eft ditqil foit pu-niz par advys du confeill nient contrefteant le,s efta-tutz avantditz-

C£ TTEM, Whereas it is contained, as well in the 2 inft. 327,318, “ JL Statute of TVeJlminJier the firft, as in the Statute 3	1-5-34*

“ made at Glouce/Ur, the fecond Year of the Reign of a "2' at'1" < “ our Lord the King that now is, that none be fo hardy bye’r IJ5( to invent, to fay, or to tell any falfe News, Lies’, 4Co. 12.

“ or fuch other falfe Things, of the Prelates, Dukes, Kd. 26, .

“ Earls, Barons, and other Nobles and great Men of “ the Realm, and alfo of-the Chancellor,-Treafurer,'

•“ Clerk of the Privy Seal,., the Steward of the King’s-“ Ho-ufe, the Juftire of the one Bench or of the other,

“ and other great Officers:of the Realm, (z) and he “ that doth fo fhall be taken and imprifoned, till he “ hath found him of whom the -Speech fhall be mo-“ ved:” ‘ (3) It is accorded and agreed in this Parlia- Cerfrmed ar.i ‘ ment, That when any fuch is taken and imprifoned, extexdedby 1 S’

‘‘ and cannot find him by whom the Speech be moved,	c!	3>

‘ as before is faid, that he be punifhed by the Advice of 7r^‘

‘ the Council, notwithftanding the faid Statutes.-’

cap; xn.

Pn what Cafes the Lords and Spiritual Perfons fhall be contributory to the Expences of the

Knights of Parliament.

ITEM endroit de la levee des defpenfes des chi-valers venantz as parlementz pur les communes des countees accordez eft & affentuz qe la dite levee foit faite come ad eftc ufe avant ces hures ajou-fte a ycell qe ft afeun Seignur ou autre homme efpi-rituel ou temporel eit purchacez afeuns terres ou .tenementz ou autres-poffeffions qi-folei’ent eft re: contributoirs as dels defpenfes devant le temps du fdit purchacc qe mefmss les terres tenementz poffeffions & les tenantzdicelles foient contributoirs as fees defpenfes come les ditz terres tenementz Si poffeffions & les ter.antz-dicelles foloient faire de-rant le temps de mefme la purchace,.

* ITEM; In the Right of the levying of the Ex-‘ J. penccs of the Knights corning to the Parliaments ‘ for the Commons of the Counties, it is accorded and ‘ affented, That the faid Levying be made as it hath ‘ been ufed before this Time; (z) joining to the fame,

‘ that if any Lord, or any other Man Spiritual or ‘ Temporal, hath purchafed any Lands or Tenements,

‘ or other Poffeffions, that were wont to be contribti-‘ tory to fuch Expences before the Time of the faid ‘ Purcbafe, that the faid Lands, Tenements, and Pof-‘ feffions, and the Tenants of the fame, be contribu-‘ tory to the faid Expences, as the faid Lands, Tene-‘ ments, and Poffeffions were wont to do before the r , , « Time of the fame Purdrafe.’	4	r,1,h	*6‘

C A F.

382

C» 13, 14*

Ahao duodecimo R i c h a r d i II

A. D. 1388

Chief Officers of Towns fhall compel Offenders to redrefs their Annoyances.

* Add and if

be car,hc't duly excufe him!elf,\ tie faid Penalty jhall be levied on him.

Repealed hy 5 &6£d.6 c. 4.3EI1Z. c. 10. 4 Jac, I. c. a.

CAP. XIII.

The Punilhnient of them which caufe Corruption near a City or great Town to corrupt the Air.

“ T TEM, For that fo much Dung and Filth of the ! “ A Garbage and Intrails as well of Beafcs killed, as 1 i‘ of other Corruptions, be call and put in Ditches,

44 Rivers, and other Waters, and alfo within many “ other Places, within, about, and nigh unto divers “ Cities, Boroughs, and Towns of the Realm, and 44 the Suburbs of them, that the Air there is greatly 54 corrupt and infect, and many Maladies and other 44 intolerable Difeafes do daily happen, as well to the “ Inhabitants, and tbofe that are converfant in the faid “ Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Suburbs, as to other “ repairing and travelling thither, to the great Annoy-44 ance, Damage, and Peril of the Inhabitants, Dwel-44 lers, Repairers, and Travellers aforefaid 4 (2) it 4 is accorded and affented, That Proclamation be made 4 as well in the City of London, as in other Cities, Bo-‘ roughs, and Towns, through the Realm of England,

4 where it fhall be needful, as well within Franchifes 4 as without, that all they which do call: and lay all ‘ fuch Annoyances, Dung, Garbages, Intrails, and ‘ other'Ordure in Ditches, Rivers, Waters, and other 4 Places aforefaid, fhall caufe them utterly to be re-4 moved, avoided, and carried away betwixt this and 4 the Feaft of St. Michael next enfuing after the End ‘ of this prefent Parliament, every one upon Pain to 4 lofe and to forfeit to our Lord the Kingxxli, (3)

4 And that the Mayors and Bailiffs of every fuch City,

4 Borough, or Town, and alfo the Bailiffs of Fran-4 chifes, fhall compel the fame to be done upon like 4 Pain. (4) And if any feel himfelf grieved, that it 4 be not done in the Manner aforefaid, and will there-4 Upon complain him to the Chancellor after the faid 4 Feaft of St. Michael, he fhall have a Writ to make 1 him of whom he will fo complain to come into the 4 Chancery, there to fhevv why the faid Penalty Ihould 4 not be levied of him *.	(5)	And	moreover,	Procla-

4 matron {hail he made, as well in the City of Lomloii,

4 as in other Cities, Boroughs, and Towns as afore,

4 that none of what Condition foever he be, caufe to 4 be call or thrown from henceforth any fuch Annoy-4 arice, Garbage* Dung, Intrails, nor any other Or-4 dure into the Ditches, Rivers, Waters, and other 4 Places aforefaid ; (6) and if any do, he (ball be cal-4 led by Writ before the Chancellor, at his Suit that 4 will complain ; and if .he be found guilty, he fhall be 4 punifhed after the Difcretion of the Chancellor.’

C A P.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM pur ce qe tantz des fymes & autres ordures des iffucs & entrailles fibien des belles tuez come des autres corruptions font gettez & mys en foffes ryvers & autres ewes & auxint piu-fours autres lieux dedeinz entour Sc pres diverfes citees burghs & villes du Roialme & les fuburbes' dicelles qe laire illoeqes eft grandment corrupt & enfeSt & plufours maladies & autres difeafes nient fuffrables aveignent de jour en autre fibien a les inhabitantz & converfantz es dites citees burghs villes & fuburbes come as autres illoeqes repairantz & paffantz a trefgrznt anufance damage & peril des inhabitantz converfantz repairantz & paffantz fuf-ditz Accordez eft & affentuz qe proclamation foit faite fibien en la Citee de Londres come en autres citees burghs & villes parmy le Roialme ou il bu-foigne fibien deinz franchifes come dehors qe toutt; ceux qe tielx anufances fymes iffues entrailles & autres ordures ont gettez & mys en foffes ryvers ewes & autres lieux fuifdites les facent outrement remUer oufter & emporter parentre cy & le feft de feint Michel profehein avenir apres le fyn de ceft parlement chefcun fur peyne de vynt livres appaiere au Roy & qe les meirs & baillifs de chefcun tiel citee burgh & ville & auxint les baillifs des franchi-fes les compellent de ce faire fur femblable peyne. Et ft afciin foy fent greve qe ce fie foit parfait en manere fufdite & foy voet ent pleindre al Chancel-ler apres le dit fefte de feint Michel eit brief de faire venir celui de qi il voet enfy pleindre en la Chancellarle ay fflohftrer pur qoy la dite peyne ne ferra leVe de luy & fil ne fe poet ent duement ex-cuferfoit mefme la peyne leve de luy. Et enoutre foit proclamation faite fibien en la dite Citee de Londres come en autres citees burghs Sc villes come defuis qe null de quel condition qil foit ne face met-tre ou gettre defore en avant tieles anoefances iffues fymes entrailles & ordures en les foffes ryvers ewes & autres lieux fufditz & fi null ie face foit appelle par brief devant le Chanceller a la fuite de celuy qc foy vorra pleindre et ftl foit trove coupable foit pu-niz folonc la difcretion del Chaunccller.

XIV.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 47 Edw. 3. c. 1. touching the Length and Breadth of Cloths.

ITEM accordez eft et affentuz qe les draps de ray et de colour affairs et a overers a Briftuyt et es contees environ foient de la mefure autrefoitz ordeignez par eftatut fait a Weftm’ lan du regne le Rpi Edward aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft qarrant feptifme ceftaffavoir les draps de ray de la longure d£ xxviii. auns mefurez par la lift? et cynk quartres de laeure et le drap de colour xxvi. auns de longure mefure par le doos et fys quartres de laeure au meyns. Et qe demy drap foit il de ray ou de colour tiegne en longure folonc lafferant et en laeure come les draps de ray et de colour fur la peyne contehue en mefme leftatut.

C A P,

Anno duodecimo Richard 1 II,

c- z5> l6-	383

CAP. XV.

He that will go out of the Realm to provide a Benefice within the Realm, fhall be out of the King’s Proteftion, and the Benefice fhall be void.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM qe null liege du Roy de quel eftat ou condition qil foit greindre ou meindre p-afte le meer nenvoie o B.

hors del Roialme dEngleterre par licence ou fanz licence fanz efpecial congie du Roi mefmes pur foy ij-R.». ftat.rj, provider ou purchacer afeun benefice de feinte efglife ove cure ou fanz cure en le dit Roialme et fi afeun le c,a* face et par vertue de tiele provifion accepte par lui ou par autre afeun benefice en mefme le Roialme qe a cel temps mefme le provifour foit hors de protection du Roy et mefme la benefice voide fiqe bien life a patron de mefme le benefice fibien efpirituel come temporel prefenter a ycelle un clerc able a fa voluntee.

CAP. XVI.

The Staple fhall be removed from Middleborough to Calais„

ENfement eftordeinez et aflentuz que leftaple foit remuez de Midelburgh a Caleys; ifiint qil foit a Caleys Altered 14R.X* le primer jour de Decembre profehein avenir.	c.	1,	&	O	B,

REX vicecomiti Kancie falutem. Quedam llatuta etordinationes pernos de aflenfu Magnatum et Com-munitatum regni noftri Anglie in parliamento noftro apud Cantebrigg’ in craftino nativitatis beate Marie Virginis ultimo preterito tento faCta que tibi mittimus fub magno figillo noftro in forma patenti tibi precipi-mus quod infra comitatum predidtum in locis ubi magis expediens fuerit fine dilatione legi et publice ex parte noftra proclamari ac firmiter teneri et obfervari facias juxta formam ftatutorum et ordinationum prediCtorum.

Et hoc fub incumbenti periculo nullatenus omittas-

„	T.	R.	apud	Weftm’	xx.	die	Novembris.

Confimilia hrevia diriguntur Jingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam ac Jobanni Rcgi Cajlelle &~Legionis Duct Lanca-

Jirie Del ejus cancellario in ducatu prediSlo.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 13 Rich. II. St at. 1. and Anno-

Dom. 1389.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. it.

EN yceft parlement tenuz a Weftm’ Lundy prochein apres le feft de Seint Hiller lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roy Richard fe-cond puis le conqueft trefzifme noftre dit Seignur le Roy al honour de Dieu Sc de feint efglife & pur commune profit de fes liges de fon dit Roialme del aftent des prelatz Seignurs temporeles Sc communes efteantz el dit parlement ad ordeinez Sc efta-bliz les chofes defouz efcriptz.

‘c |N the Parliament holdeh.at TVeJlminfimthe Mok-“ I day next after the- Feaft'of St. Hillary, the thir-“ teenth Year of the Reign of King Richard thfe “ Second after the Conqueft, our Lord the King, to “ the Honour of God and holy Church, and for the “ common Profit of his liege People of his Realm, of u the Alfent of the Prelates and Lords Temporal, and “ Commons.,, being in- the fame Parliament, hath or- -“ dained and eftablifhed'the Things under-written,” '

CAP. I.

The King’s Prefentee fhall not be received to a Church full of an Incumbent, until he hath .

recovered it by Law.

EN primes come ordeine foit par eftatut fait lan du regne del Aiel noftre Seignur le Roy vint & quint qe a quelle neur'e qe le Roy ferra collation ou prefentement a null benefice en autri droit qe le title fur quoi il fe fondra foit bien examine qil foit vray Sc a quelle heure qe avant juggement rendu le title foit trove par bone enformation nient vray ne jouft foit la collation ou prefenterrient ent fait re-pellez & nient contrefteanr le dit eftatut afeuns pre-fentez du Roy par favour des ordinairs fontinfti-tutz Sc induwz en benefices de feinte efglife fanz due procefle les parties nient garniz ne appellez Sc afeun foitz par enqueftes meyns vrais favorable-nu-nt pris Sc les incumbentz en tiele manere .ouftea

“ TT'IRST, Whereas it is ordained by a Statute i MoJ. 179.

“ Xu made the xxv Year of the Reign.of King Ed- The Sta-ote oS “ ward the Grandfather of our Lord ths-King that 25Ed- 3- lat- 3* “ now is, that at what Time that the King fhall make touching11™' 1 “ Collation or Prefentment to any. Benehce in ano- Examination “ ther’s Right, that the'-Trtle upon which he ground-of the King’s “ eth himlelf fhall be well examined that it be true ; Tlt’e't0 a Be*

“ (2) and at what Time before Judgement given, the nefi,ce W*PI? hc “ Title be found by good Information untrue, and not another's Rieht, “ juft, the Collation-or-Prefentment thereupon made “ fhall be repealed1: (3) And notv/ithftanding the fame “ Statute,- fome of the King’s Prefentees, by Favour “ of the Ordinaries be inftituted and indudted in Be-“ nelices of holy Church- without due .Proccft, the -

4 Parties

3- 84	Stat. t.

Anno decimo tertio Richarbi II. A. D. 1389.

44 Parties not warned nor called, and fometime,taken 44 .by falfe Inquefts favourably, and the Incumbents in 44 fuch Manner put outL it is ordained and affent-4 ed, 7'hat the Paid Statute be firmly holden and kept.

4 Infh 51. f. 3. 4 (4) And moreover our Lord the King, for the Re-4 verence of God and holy Church, doth will and grant, ‘ That if he’prefent to any Benefice that is full of any 4 Incumbent, that the Prelentee' of the King fhall not 4 be received by the Odin ary to the Benefice, till the ‘ King hath recovered his Prefentment by Procefs of the Law in his own Court: (5) And if any Prefen-tce of the King be otherwife received, and the Incumbent put out without due Procefs, as afore is faid, the laid Incumbent Ihall begin his Suit within a Year after the Induction of the King’s Prelentee at the leafk.5

i H. 4. f. 17.

S H. 4. t. 2 1.

14 H. 7. f. tj. 25 Ed. 4. (tat. 3. c. 3, & flat. 3. v- 7:

Enforced ly 4 H, 4. c, 22,

Ex Ret. in Tuir. Lond. brdeihez eft & affentuz qe Ie die eftatut foit ferme-ment tenuz & gardez. Et enoutre noftre Seignur Ie Roy al reverence de’Dieu &• de feiMe 'efglift voet & grante qe fil prefente a afeun benefice qe foit plein dafeun incumbent qe le prefente du Roy ne foit teceu par lordinair a tiel benefice tanqe le Roy eit recovere fon -prefentement par proce* du ley en fa Court demefne & ft afeun prefente du Roy foit autrement receu & lincumbent oufte fanz due proces come defuts eft dit comence le dit incumbent fa fuite deinz un an apres I induction du .prefente du Roy a pluftard.

CAP. II.

The Authority of the Conftable of England, and the Remedy whereit is abufed.

2 Roli S7.

4 Mod. 12S. Crompt, Juiif-di&ion, 28,

ITEM, Becaufe that the Commons do make a grievous Complaint, that the Court of tire Conftable and the Marfhal hath incroached to him, and daily doth incrOach Contrails, Covenants, Tref-“ paftes, Debts, and Detinues, and many other Ac-44 tions pleadable at the Common Law, in great Pre-44 judice of tWfc King and of his Courts, and to the 1,4 great Grievance and Opprefficm of the People 1 (2) our Lord the King, willing to ordain a Remedy ‘ againft the Prejudices and Grievances aforefaid, hath 4 declared’in this Parliament, by the Advice and Afi'cnt 4 of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, the Power and 4 -Jfirifdiclion of the faid Conftable, in the Form that 4 followeth : To the Conftable it pertaineth to have 4 Cognifance of Contrails touching Deeds of Arms 4 and of War out of the Realm, and alfo of Things 4 that touch War within the Realm, which cannot be 4 determined nor difeuffed by the Common Law, with 4 other Ufages and Cuftoms to the fame Matters per-* taining, which other Conftables heretofore have duly 4 and reafonably. ufed in their Time; (3) joining to 4 the fame, that every Plaintiff fhall declare plainly his 4 Matter in his Petition, before that any Man be fent 4 for to anfwer thereunto. And if any will complain, 4 that any Plea be commenced before the Conftable and 4 Marfhal, that might be tried by Die Common Law 4 of the Land, the fame Plaintiff fhall have a Privy 1 Shower 353. ‘ Seal of the King without Difficulty, diredlcd to the 4 faid Conftable and Marfhal, to furceafe in that Plea’, 4 until it be difeuffed by the King’s Council, if that 4 Matter ought of Right to pertain to that Court, or 4 otherwife to be tried by the Common Law of the 28 Ed. 1. flat.3. ‘ Realm of England, and alfo that they furceafe in the mean Time.’

C. 3 8R.i. c. 5.

1 j H. 6. r. 1.

ITEM'pur’ce qe la commune Left grevoufement compldnt qe la Court del Coneltable & Ma-refchall ad accroc.he a luy et accroche de temps en temps con traft,z covenantes trefpaffes dettes- & detenues & plufours autres actions pledables par la commune ley ’en grant prejudice dn Roy:& de fes Courtes & a grant grevance & oppreffion du poeple noftre .Seignur le Roy voillant ordeigner remede encontre les prejudices & grevances fuifdftz ad declare en cell parlement par advys & affent des Seig-n ure efpiritueles 4c tcmporeles le poair^c-jurildic-tion du dit Coneftable en la fourme qenfuit: A1 Coneftable appartient davoir coniffance des con-traefiz tocliantz fait darmes ’& de’ guerre hors du Roialme & auxint des chofes qe touchent armes ou guerre deinz Ie Roialme queux ne poent eftre ter-minez ne difeus .par la commune ley ove autres ufages h cultumez a ycelles matires appurtenantz queux autres Coneftables devant ore ont duement & refonablement ufez en lour temps ajouftant a ycell qe chefcun pleintif declare pleinement fa ma-tire-en fa petition avant qe foit envoic pur afeun hom'me a refpondre a ycell. Et fi afeun foi voet pleindre qafcun plee foit comence devant le Coneftable & Marefchall qe purroit eftre trie par commune Icy de la terre eit cell pleintif brief de prive feal du Roi fanz difficulte dire£Las ditz Coneftable & Marefchall de furfeer en celle plee tanqil foit difeus par le Confeil du Roi ft celle matire doit de droit appartiegner a celle Courte ou aujtrement eftre triez par!a commune dey-dii Rofelrrre h qils fUr-feent en le mefne temps.

See 33 H* 3. c. 12. before ivbotn Mur den ‘committed' in the King's IUufe Jball le tried*

CAP. ill.

The Limits of the Steward’s and MarfhaPs Court of the King's Houfe.

r Eulflr. 2cj.

4 T TEM it is accorded and affented, That the Court 4 A of the Steward and Marfhal of the King’s Houfe, 4 nor alfo the TurifdiHion thereof, fhall not pafs the 4 Space of twelve Miles, to be counted from the Lod-4 ging of our faid Lord the King.’

ITEM accordez eft & affentuz qe la Court de Senefchall & Marefchall del hoftiell du Roy rte la jurifdidiion dycelle ne paffe'Iefpace de doufzc lewes a counters entour ie tenell du Roi.

CAP.

A.D. 1389. Anno decirno tertio Richardi II.	Stat,	1

C A

The Duty of a Clerk of th

Ex Rot. in Tifrr, Lond.

ITEM a la requeue de la dite communalte or-dcinez eft & afientuz qe Ie clerc del marche del hoftiell noftre Seignur ie Roy face bien & duement fon office & qe toutes fauxes mefures & pois foient ars folonc la fourme del cftatut ct qe le dit clerc ne preigne null commune fyn mes qe chcfcun perfone qeft trove en defaut tochant le dit office foit puniz folonc fon defert & qil ne chivache mes ove fys chi-valx au pluis & qil ne demurge en nulle villc nautre lieu pluis qe la neceffite de foil fait demande & fil face riens a contrail- de ceft eftatut & ent foit duement conviiftz paie an Roy al primer foitz qil ferra iffint convift cent fouldz & al fecond foitz dt^s livers & al tierce foitz vint livers.

C A

What Things the Admiral

ITEM pur ceo qe grant & commune clamour & pleint ont efte fovent faitz devant ces heures & unqore font de ce qe Ies Admiralx & lour deputees tiegnent lour feffions en diverfes places deinz le Roialme fibien deinz franchifes come dehors ac-crochantz a eux plus grant poair ne a lour office appartient en prejudice de noftre Seignur le Roy & la commune ley du Roialme & grant emblemif-ement des plufours diverfes franchifes & en de-ftru&ion & empoverifiement del commune poeple Accordez & afientuz qe les Admiralx & lour deputees ne foi mellent deforc cnavant de null chofe fait deinz le Roialme mes foulement de chofe fait fur le meer folonc cco qad efte duement ufe el temps Ju noble Roy Edward Aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qor eft..

Jurijdi&ion doth .

C A

How many Serjeants at Arms there lhall

ITE M a la grevous compleint de la communalte fait a noftre Seignur le Roi en ceft parlement del exceffive & outrageous noumbre des fergeantz darmes & de plufours grantz extorfions & oppref-lions par eux faitz au poeple le Roy voct qils foi-:nt treftoutz defehargez & qe de eux & de autres oient reprifes bones & fufficeantcs perfones tanqal toutnbre de trent fanz pluis defore enavant. Et ;n outre le Roy defende qils ne foi mellent de riens qe ne touche lour office & qils ne faccnt null ex-orfion ne oppreffion al poeple fur peine de perdre our office & de faire fyn & ranceon a la volunte lu Roy & pleine gree a la partie,.

?. IV.

; Market of the King’s Houfe.

c~ ¥ TEM, At the-Requeft of the faid Commons it is ‘ * ordained and afiented, That the Clerk of the ‘ Market of the King’s Houfe lhall do his Office well £ and duly ;	(2)	and	that	all falfe Meafures and

‘ Weights lhall be burned after the Form of the Sta-‘ tute; (3) and that the faid Clerk take no common £ Fine, but that every Perfon which is found in De-‘ fault touching the fame Office, be punilhed accor-‘ ding to his Defert, and that he lhall not ride but with ‘ fix Horfes at the moft, and that he lhall not tarry in £ any Town nor other Place longer than the Neceility ‘ of his Bufinefs lhall require ; and if he do any Thing ‘ contrary to this Statute, and'be thereof duly convict, £ he lhall pay to the King at the firft Time that he £ fliall be conviCt, an C s. and at the lecond Time x I. * and at the third Time xx /.-

P. V.

and his Deputy Hull meddle.

“ ITEM, Forafmuch as a great and common Cla-“ JL mour and Complaint hath been oftentimes made “ before this Time, and yet is, for that the Admirals ££ and their D puties hold their Seffions within divers “ Places of this Realm, as well within Franchife as “ without, accroaching to them greater Authority than £< beiongeth to their Office, in Prejudice of our Lord “ the King, and the Common Law of the Realm, and “ in diminilhing of divers Franchifes, and in Deftruc-“ tion and impoverilhing of the common People £ (2) it is accorded and afiented, That the Admirals £ and their Deputies lhall not meddle from henceforth £ of any Thing done within the Realm, but only of a ‘ Thing done upon the Sea, as it hath been ufed in £ the Time of the noble Prince King Edward, £ Grandfather of our Lord the King that now is.’

?, And fee farther 2 H, 4. c, U» 8 EIi». c, 5. and 2 JV% & M, fejft 2, c. ■

k vi:

se, and with what Things they fnall meddle.

££, ITEM, At the grievous Complaint made by the “ X Commons to our Lord the King in this Parlia-££ ment, of the exceffive and fuperfluous Number of ££ Serjeants at Arms, and of many great Extortions ££ and Opprefiions done by them to the People”;

£ (.3) the King therefore doth will, that they fhall all £ be difeharged, and that of them and other there lhall £ be taken of good and fufficient Perfons to the Num-‘ her of Thirty, and no more from henceforth. (;}

£ And moreover the King prohibiteth them to meddle ‘ with any Thing that toucheth not their Office ; (4)

£ and that they do no Extortion nor Oppreffion to the £ People, upon pain to lofe their Office, and to make £ a Fine and Ranfom at the King’s Pleafure, and full • f Satisfaction to the Party.’

Vol. L.

D <1 d -	C	A	P,

38S

4	274.0*	>

Unforced 2 H. 4. c. sr»

1	Jnft. 260.

4 Infl. 135.

12	Co. 104,

13	Co. 42, 523 Hob. 11, 79, 196, 212.

2	Roll 497.

2	Bulftr. 323^

3	Bulftr. 205* Dyer 159.

4	Mod. 176. •

See 15 R. z. c. 3,'

in 'what Place the Admiral's 1.	1 Salic. 31.'

386 Stat. 1,

Anno decimo tertio Richardi II. A. D. 1389,

CAP. VII.

What Sort of Perfons fhall be Juftices of Peace, and what their Charge is to do.

tc y TEM, Whereas it is contained in the laft Statute 44 X made at Canterbury, that no Steward of any Lord “ (hall be afligned in the Commiffion of the Juftice of 44 Peace 4 neverthclefs for certain Caufes fhewed in ‘ this Parliament, it is accorded and affented, That

*	Juftices of Peace fhall be made of new in all the

*	Counties of England, of the moft fufficient Knights,

4 Efquires, and Gentlemen of the Law of the laid 4 Counties, notwithftanding the Paid Statute; (z) and ‘ that the laid Juftices be fworn duly without Favour ‘ to keep and put in Execution all the Statutes and ‘ Ordinances touching their Offices.’

2 H, 5. fc. 4.	2 H. flat. 2. e. r. iS H. 6. c. 11.	1 Ed. 4.

Juftices of the Peace, 3 77. 7. c. 1.	1 M.ftat. 2. c. 2. j & 2 P. & M. c. 13,	2 {S’ 3 P.

Geo. 2. f, 18 {S’ 19-	16	Geo,	2.	c,	18.	23	Geo.	2.	c,	z6.fe!i.	11. 24 Geo, 2. c. 44 S’ 55.

# Read r. 10. f Add fat. 1.

1 Ed. 3. Hat. 2. c. 16.	‘

4 Ed. 3. c. 2. t lS Ed. 3. /?«7. 2- c r. 2.	34	Ed.	3.

c. 1.	12	R.	2.	c

£# JTt. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come contenuz foit en leftatut darrein fait a Cantebrigg qe null fenefchall du Seignur foit affigne en commiffion du Juftice de la pees Nientmeyns pur certeines caufes monftrez en cell parlement accordez eft Sc aftentuz qe* Juftices de la pees foient faitz de novell en toutz les countees dEngleterre de les pluis fufficeantz chivalers ef-quiers & gentz de ley des ditz countees nient con-trefteant le dit ellatut & qe les ditz Juftices foient ferementez de duement & fanz favour garder & mettre en execution toutz les eftatutz & ordinances touchantz lour offices.

c. 2. I R. 3. c, 3. See farther for the Qualifcations and Duty of & M. c. 10.	7	Jac, 1. r# 5.	21 Jac. 1. c. 12.	9 Geo, 1. c. 7,

26 Geo, 2. Ct 24 & 27. and 30 Geo, 2, c, 24.

I2R. 2, c. 9.

The Rate of Artificers and Labourers

Wages.

5 El. c. 4.



Seafons

,Vi£luallers Gains (hall be reafonable.

C o. Jac. 6cg.

2 Keb. 277.

23 Ed. 3. c. 6. I* Ed. 4. c. 8. appoints chief Gtxvernors of 7owns to fuv'ucy I'icluals. Victuallers Pu-nifiimcnt,

51 FI. 3. fiat. 1. J Add /aid.

CAP. VIII.

The Rates of Labourers Wages fhall be afiefied and proclaimed by the Juftices of Peace, and they fhall affefs the Gains of Victuallers. Who fhall make Horfebread, and the Weight and Price thereof.

‘ T TEM it is ordained and affented. That the Sta--& tutes and Ordinances made in the laft Parliament ‘ holdcn at Canterbury, as well of Servants, Labourers,

4 Artificers, and Victuallers, as of all other Things,

4 faving the Exception of the next Article before 4 touching Juftices of Peace, and alfo all other Statutes 4 and Ordinances made before this Time, and not re-‘ pealed, fhall be firmly kept, and duly executed.

4 (2) But forafmuch as a Man cannot put the Price of ‘ Corn and other Victuals in certain, it is accorded and 4 affented, That the Juftices of Peace in every County,

4 in two of their Seffions to be holden betwixt the 4 Feaft of Eajler and St. Michael, fnall make Procla-4 mation by their Difcretion according to the Dearth

*	of Victuals, how much every Mafon, Carpenter,

‘ Tiler, and other Craftfmen, Workmen, and other 4 Labourers by the Day, as well in Harveft as in other 4 Times of the Year, after their Degree, fhall take by 4 the Day with Meat and Drink, or without Meat and

*	Drink, between the two * ScJJions beforefaid, not-4 withftanding the Statutes thereof heretofore made, 4 and that every Man obey to fuch Proclamations from e time to time as a Thing done by Statute. (3) And ‘ in the Right of Victuallers it is accorded, That they ‘ fhall have reafonable Gains, according to the Difcre-‘ tion and Limitation of the faid Juftices, and no more,

*	upon paiii to be grievoufly punifhed according to the £ Difcretion of the faid Juftices, where no Pain is li-4 mited in certain before this Time. (4) And that 4 Sheriffs, Stewards of Lords of Franclnfes, Mayors, 4 and Bailiffs, and all other that have Affife of Bread 4 and Ale to keep, and the Corrcffiion of the fame, 4 fhall take no Amerciament or Fine for any Default 4 touching the J Affife, for the which a Man or Wo-4 man by the Law ought to have bodily Punifhment, 4 according as it is another Time ordained by Statute ; 4 but they fhall judge them to the fame bodily Punifh-4 ment as the Offence requireth, arid fhall do Execu-4 tion thereof. (3) And that Mayors, Bailiffs, and 4 Stewards of Franchife, and all other that have the

4

ITEM ordeinez eft Sc aftentuz qe les eftatutz & ordinances faitz al parlement darrein tenuz a Cantebrigg fibien de fervantz laborers artificers St vitaillers come de toutes autres chofes horfpris lex-ception en le profehein article pardefuis touchant juftices de la pees & auxint toutz autres eftatutz St ordinances faitz devant ces heures & nient repellez foient fermement gardez & duement executz. Mes pur ce qe homme ne purra mye mettre en certein les pris des bledz Sc autres vitailles accordez eft St aftentuz qe les juftices de la pees en chefcun counte en lour feffions tenuz entour le Pafqe & le feint Michel facent proclamation par lour difcretion fo-lone la chierte de vitailles combien chefcun mafon carpentre teguler & autres artificers & overours & auxint laborers par journes fibien en Auft comeer autre temps del an folonc lour degre prendra lc jour ove manger et boire ou fanz manger et boire entre les deux feifons fuifdites Nient contrefteant les eftatutz ent faitz devant ces heures et qe chefcur obeie a tielx proclamations de temps en temps comt a chofe fait par eftatut. Et en droit des vitailler; accordez eft qils eient refonable gaigne folonc I; difcretion et limitation des ditz juftices et nieiii pluis fur peine deftre grevoufetnent puniz folonc 1; difcretion des ditz juftices la ou peine neft pas li-mite en certein des ditz vitaillers devant ces heures Et qe vifeontz fenefehalx des Seignurs de franchife: mairs et baillifs et toutz autres qont laffife de paii et de cervoife agarder et la correction dicell ml preignent null amerciment ne fyn pur null defau tochant la dice affife pur quell homme ou fcinm par la ley avera penance corporele folonc ce qef autrement ordeigne par eftatut mes les ajuggent mefmc la penance corporcl come le defaut requel et facent ent due execution. Et qc mail's et bail lifs ct fenefehalx des franchifes et toutz autres qon

Sfat. i.

n

O

G

'Cj-

1

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. la garde et furvewe des vitailles es citees burghs villes merchandes et aillours ou vitails font venduz parmy le Roialme mettent leftatut fait lari vynt et tierce du regne le Roy E. Aiel le Roi qoreft qe co-mence £htia maxima pars populi tochant leftat des vitaillers et hoftillers et autres vendours des vitailles en due execution. Et qe null hoftiller face payn pur chivalx en fon hoftell naillours mes facent Ies peftours et foit lafl'ay ent fait qc le pois foit re-fonable folonc le pris des bledz qe foit en marche et qe memies les hoftillers vendentfeyn etaveyns a refonable foris iffint qils ne preignent pur le bufl'ell forfqe un maill outre le commune pris en marche.

‘ Order and Survey of Victuals in Cities, Boroughs,

‘ Merchant Towns, and elfewhere, where Vidtuals ‘ be fold in the Realm, fhall put the Statute made the ‘ twenty third Year of the Reign of King Edward, c Grandfather to the King that now is, which begin-‘ neth Becaitfe a great Part of the People, touching the ‘ Eftate of Victuallers and Hoftel lets, and other Sellers ‘ of Victuals, in due Execution. (6) And that no Horfc-breaJ.' c Hofteller make Horfe-bread in his Hoftry nor with-4H-4-c. 25.

‘ out, but Bakers fhall make it; (7) and the Affife 32 H-8-C‘4T* c thereof fhall be kept, and that the Weight be reafon-‘ able after the Price of the Corn in the Market;, (8)

‘ and that the fame Hoftellers fhall fell Hay and Oats Repealed by ‘ after a reafonable Price, fo that they take not for the ^ Jac' *■ Cl 21 ‘ Bufhel but one Halfpenny over the common Price " 2”‘

‘ in the Market.’

CAP. IX.

There fhall be but one Weight and one Meafure throughout the Realm, faving in the County of Lancafter. The Weight of Wool), and the Refufe thereof.

ITEM ordeignez eft et accordez qe une mefure et un pois foit parmy tout le Roialme dEngle-terre come en la Grant Chartre et autres .ordenan-ces et eftatutz ent faitz eft contenuz plus au plein. Et qe chefcun qe foit convi£t qil ad ou ufe autre mefure ou pois eit la prifone de demy an et face gree al partie del double de fa perdc forfpris en le counte de Lancaftre acaufe qen le dit counte ad efte de tout temps plus grant mefure qe en afeun autre partie du Roialme. Et qc null homme achate ne vende leyns a plus- haut pois qc a quatorfze livres lc pere fur peyne de paier le double a celuy qe foi fence greve et dc faire fyn et ranceon au Roi folonc la quantite du trefpafs. Et qe null deinf-zein ou forein ne face autre refus de leynes finoun | sod gard et vilein. Et qe null merchant nautre homme achate fes leynes par celles paroles Good pakkyng ne par autres paroles femblables fur peine ceftaflavoir le brogour davoir lemprifonement de ferny an et lachatour de faire fyn au Roi folonc la quantite du trefpas et la partie qe foi fente greve eit a double des damages qil ad fuffert par la dit en-shefon. Et qe nully face coketter leynes forfqe en le noun de celuy a qi les leynes font fur forfaiture licelles ftcome autrefoitz ordcinez fuift par eftatut.

'trntng Weights and Meajures 13 R. 2. c, g. 15 R. 2. c, 4.	8	H,	6.	c,

\ 12. and 1 Ann.flat, I. c. 15.

ITEM it is ordained and accorded, That one^ff.3.fiat, tj Meafure and one Weight be through all the Realm 25- 5>R3-of England, as in the Great Charter, and other Sta- A"- *• Ed‘ tutes and Ordinances thereof made, is more plainly.^, ,',3‘ contained. (2) And every one that fhall be convidt Ed. that he hath or ufeth any other Meafure or Weight c. 10. %iEd. fhall have Imprifonment of half a Year, and make.3T'c‘ Recompence to the Party grieved to the double of his |f a • 3- 05 Lofs, except it be in the County of Lancajler, be-caufe in that County it hath always been ufed to have greater Meafure than in any other Part of the Realm.

(3) And that none buy or fell Wooll at more Weight.Wool! Ihhll be • than at Fourteen Pounds the Stone, upon the pain to fo!d xivI- t0 pay the double to him that feeleth him grieved, and thc 8tonc' to make Fine and Ranfom to the King after the.^'g -3- a,I“ Quantity of the Trefpafs. * (4) And that no Deni- Refufe of zen nor Foreigner make any other Refufe of Woolls, WooUs. but Cot, Gare, and Villein. (5) And that no Mer- Wooll/hall not chant nor other Man buy his Woolls by thefe Words, be bought by Good Packing, nor by like Words, upon pain, that Good Packing; is to fay, the Broker to have Imprifonment of half a Year, and the Buyer to make a Fine to the King after the Quantity of the Trefpafs, and the Party that feeleth him grieved, fhall have double Damages of that which he hath fuffered by the faid Occafion. nor be ccc!ccted (6) And that none ftiall make Woolls to be cocketed, but in the but in the Name of him to whom the Woolls be, Owner’s Name, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame, as it hath been s H- 6-c- S-another Time ordained by Statute.’	V 7; c' 4‘

J	oecfarther con-

,	11 H. 7. c. 4,	12	H. 7-c. 5.	16	Can* i« c* 15*	22	Car,	2» cv8. 2} & 23 Car, z»

CAP. X.

The Length and Breadth of Cogvjare and KendaLC\oi\\i

ITEM combien qe ordeinez foit par diverfes eftatutz qe touz maneres draps de ray.et de colour (oient de certein longure et laeure compris en melmes leftatutz Nientmeins acaufe qil ad efte commune cuftume le faire certeines draps en diverfes countces dEngleterre appellez Cogware et Kendale cloth de la laeure de „ , E , rois quartres ou dun aun dont afeuns font del pris de xl d. et afeuns de cynk fouldz et venduz a cogmen c. y ‘ * ‘ cors du Roialme et auxint as poverts et menues gentz deinz le Roialme des queux draps grant partfe eft 47 Ed..3. c. 1. fait de la plus pire leyn de tout le Roialme qe ne poet bonement fervir a nulles- autres draps accordez eft et 12 R. 2- c. <4. tffentuz qe bien life' a ehefeuny defore enavant de faire tielx maneres draps de la laeure et longure come ad 5	Ct

':fte ufez devant ces hcuresNient contrefteant afeun eftatut fait au contraire. Purveu toutfoitz qc les fe-RSep. 4.Jac.°i. fours et les overoures dc tielx draps ne les facent de melliour leyn qils ne foleient. Et enoutre eft afientuz c 2. T

D dd 2	qe



388 Stat. t.

Anno decimo tertio Richardi II.

A.D. 1389.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

qe toutz tielx draps qe font areftuz par force ou colour des ditz eftatutz ou afcun dicelles foient defareftez et deliverez.

CAP. XI.

The Cloths of certain Counties tacked and folded fhall not be put to Sale before they be opened.

“ TTEM, Forafmuch as divers plain Cloths that be JL wrought in the Counties of Somerfet, Dorfet, Bri-

oi deceitful Cloth,

Tlic Ineonve-niencies enfuing

thecjnving over cc Jiol9 and Gloucefter, be tacked and folded together, and fet to Sale, of the which Cloths a great rart be broken, broufed, and not agreeing in the Colour, neither be according in Breadth, nor in no Manner to the Part of the fame Cloths fhewed outwards, but be falfly wrought with divers Woolls, to the great Deceit, Lofs, and Damage of the People, in fo much that the Merchants that buy the fame Cloths, and carry them out of the Realm to fell to Strangers, be many Times in Danger to be llain, and fometime imprifoned, and put to Fine and Ranfom by-the fame Eftrangers, and their faid Cloths burnt or forfeit, becaufe of the great Deceit and Falfhood that is found in the fame Cloths when they be untacked, and opened, to the great Slander of the Realm of England‘ (z) it is ordained and affented, That no plain Cloth tacked nor folded fhall be fet to Sale within the faid Counties, but that they be opened, upon Pain to forfeit them, fo that the Buyers may fee them, and know them, as it is ufed in the County of Effex-, (3) and that the Workers, Weavers, and Fullers mail put their Seals to every Cloth that they fhall work, upon a certain Pain to be limited by the Juftices of the Peace; and that this Ordinance begin to hold Place at the Feaft of Saint 'John Bapfijl next following. (4) Provided always. That after the Merchants have bought the fame Cloths to carry, and do carry them out of the Realm, they may tack them and fold them at their Pleafure, for the more eafy

See farther concerning Cloths	4

17 R.z. c. 2.	t

4. Ed. 4. c. I.	c

7 Ed. 4. c. 2 6? 3.

I R. 3. c. 8.

3//. 7. c. 11.	‘

3 H. 8. c. 7.	4

3 H. 8. c. 2.	c

6II. 8. c. 8 £s?9. t 34.H. 8. c. 11.

27 H. 8. c. iz&

13.	33//. 8.	‘

c. 3.	3	zEd.	4

6.c. 2. -5 & 6 e Ed. 6. c.6.& t 22.	1	M.	fefj\

3. C. 7. ' zGf ^	P. & M.	C.	J2.

43 Eliz. c. 10.	1 Jac.	1.	c.	25.

6 Ann. c. S 9.	7	Ann.	c.	13

Carriage of them.’

ITEM pur ce qe diverfes playnes draps qe font overez en les countees de Somers’ Dors’ Briftoll & Glouc’ font tachez & enrollez enfemble Sc mys a vendre des queux draps grantz parties font di-rumpez & debrufez & defacordant en colour ne. ne font pas accordantz en laeure nen null manere as parties de mefmes les draps qe font monftrez par-dehors mes font faucement overez de diverfes ley-nes a grantz deceite perde Sc damage du poeple en tant qe les merchnntz qe achatent les ditz draps Si les amefnenthors du Roialme pur vendre as foreins font plufours foitz en point deftre mortz & afeuns foitz emprifonez Sc myfes au fyn & ranceon par les ditz foreins & lour ditz draps ars ou forfaitz acaufe del grant deceite Sc faucine qe font trovez en mefmes les draps qant.ils font deftachez et overtz a grant defclandre du Roialme ordeinez eft et aflentuz qe null playn drap tache ne roulle foit mys a vendre deinz les ditz countees einz qils foient o-vertz fur peine de forfaiture dicelles iflint qe les achatours les puiflent veer et conuftre come il eft ufe enle counte dEflex et qe les overours textours et fullours mettent lour fignes a chefcun drap qils overont fur certeine peine a limiter par les Juftices de la pees et qe cefte ordinance comence a tenir lieu al feft de Seint Johan le Baptiftre prochein ave-r.ir. Purveuz toutefoitz qe apres ce qe les mer-chantz ont achatez les ditz draps pur amefner et les amefnenthors du P-oialme les puiflent tacher et rouller a lour volunte par le plus legier cariage dicelles.

4 S’ 5 P, £? M. c. 5.	1 Eliz. c, 14.	8	Eliz.	c. 6, 7, & iz. 27 E/iz. 17 & IS- 35 Eliz. c.tj& 10.	39 Eliz. c. 20,

3 Jac. 1. c. 16. 7 Jac. 1. c. i5. 21 Jac. 1. c. 18	2S. 12 Car. z. c. 22. 22 & 23 Car, 2. c. 8. 11 fs? nK 3. t, 23.'

10 Ann, c, 16, I Gee, t.fat. 2. c. 13 & 41.	11	Geo.	1.	c.24.	7	Geo. z. c. 25. II Geo. 2. e, sS. and 14 Geo. 2. c. 33.	>

CAP. XII.

No Shoemaker fit all be a Tanner, nor Tanner a Shoemaker.

Altered by	T TEM pur ce pe plufours fuours & cordwaners ufent de tanner lour quirs Sc les vendertt faucement tan-

4 EiV's nez ^ aux'nt i°nt l"oaIers & botes de tielx quirs iflint nient covenablement tannez Sc les vendent fi chief &CjPTac,i.' c, 22. come l°ur pleft a grant deceite des poveres communes accordez eft Sc aflentuz qc null fuour ne cordwayner ne ufe le mefticr de tanner ne tanner le meftier de cordwayner ne fuour et qe celuy qe face encontre cefte ordinance forface vers le Roi toutz les quirs iflint tanliez Sc toutz .les botes Si foulers iflint overez & foit reint a la volunte du Roi Nient contrelreant afcune chartre ou patente fait au contraire le queux fi nulles y foient le Roi voet qils foient outrement adnullez Sc tenuz pur nulles.

CAP. XIII.

3Cro. 231. x Vent. 103. 5 Mod. 307.

1	Salk. 212. Allen 43.

2	60.

None fhall hunt but they which have a fnfncient Living.

“ TTEM, Forafmuch as divers Artificers, Labour-“ JL ers, and Servants, and Grooms, keep Grey-“ hounds and other Dogs, and on the Holydays, when “ good Chriftian People be at Church, hearing Divine “ Service, they go hunting in Parks, Warrens, and “ Connigries of Lords and others, to the very great t£ Dcftruflion of the fame, and fometime under fuch “ Colour they make their Aflemhlies, Conferences, “ an<l Confpiracies for to rife and difobey their Allegi-“ ancej” ‘ (2) it is ordained and aflented, That no

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes artificers et labored et fervantz et garcions tiegnent levcrers et autres chiens et es jours de feftes qant bones Criftiens font as efglifes oiantz divine fervice vont chaceantZ es parkes garennes et conyngersdes Seignurs et au-tres a trefgrant deftrudlion dicelles et a la foitz foutz tiel colour font lour airemblies et reparlances et con-fpiracies pur lever et defobcier a lour ligeance or-deignez eft et aflentuz qe null maner artificer ne laborer ne null autre lais homme qe nad terres et

tenements

Stair. 1.	389

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. tenement/, a la value de xls. paranne null preftre nautre clerc fil ne foit avance a la value de dis 11-Vres par an neit ne tiegne defore enavant null leve-rer ne lerce nautre chien pur chacer ne ne ufe fu-rettes hales rees harepipes ne cordes ne nulles au-tresengynnes pur prendre ou deftruire favagnie le-veres ne conilles nautre defduit des gentils fur peine demprifonement dun an & qc les Juftices du pees eient poair denquerre & enquergcnt de les trcfpaf-fours celle partic Si les punifient par la peine fuif-dite.

Manner of Artificer, Labourer, nor any other Layman, which hath not Lands or Tenements, to the Value of xls. by Year/ nor any Prieft, nor other Clerk, if he be not advanced to the Value of xl. by Year, fhall have or keep from henceforth any Greyhound, Hound, nor other Dog to hunt; (3) nor fhall they ufe Fyrets, Heys, Nets, Harepipes, nor ElJ , Cords, nor other Engines for to take or deftroy Deer,	j	*"

Hares, nor Conies, nor other Gentlemens Game, f0i. 34.2.' upon Pain of one Year’s Imprifonment; (4) and that Juftices of Pea« the Juftices of Peace have Power to enquire, and fhaJ1 cn1“ire,of fhall enquire of the Offenders in this Behalf, and pu- offenders. * 6

nifh them by the Pain aforefaid.’	Enforced	by

tg H. 7. c, IE. Raft. 405. See 8 El. c. 15. which ajjigns Rewards for bringing the Heads and Eggs sf ravenous Birds, &c.

CAP. XIV.

There fhall be no Bonds of the Double made in Exchequer for the King’s Debt.

ITEM pur ce qe diverfes reconifl'ances Si autres liens font ore tard comencez & faitz en lefche-qer del double pur furete des dettes & fermes noftre Seignur le Roy autrement qe ne foleit eftre fait en temps paffe a trefgrant difeafe des plufours del poe-ple accordez eft & affentuz par noftre Seignur le Roi mefmes Si tout/ les Seignurs du parlement a la requefte de la communalte qe null tielle reconif-fance nautre lien del double foit fait ne pris en lef-cheqer defore enavant Si qe toutz tielles reconiffan-ces Si autres liens qc font faitz a prefent foient ou-trement cancellez & annullez. Purveu toutfoitz qe le Roi eit fufficeante feurete de fa duite en ma-nere accuftume.

“ |TEM, Forafmuch as divers Recognizances and “ A other Bonds be now of late begun and made ill “ the Exchequer of double, for the Surety of Debts “ and Ferms of our Lord the King, otherwife than it “ was wont to be done heretofore, to the great Hin-ct drance of many of the People;” ‘ (2) it is accorded ‘ and affented by our Lord the King, and all the Lords, ‘ of the Parliament, at the Requeft of the Commons, ‘ That no fuch Recognizance nor other Bond of the ‘ Double be made nor taken in the Exchequer from c this Time forth ; (3) and that all fuch Recognizan-‘ ces, and other Bonds which be made at this prefentj. ‘ be utterly cancelled and annulled. (4) Provided al-‘ ways. That the King have fufficient Surety of his c Duty in the Manner accuftomed/

CAP. XV.

The King’s Caflles and Gaols fhall be rejoined to the Bodies of Counties.

ITEM ordeinez eft Si affentuz qc les c’naftelx Si gaoles du Roi qefoleient eftre jcintz as corps des countees Si font ore deffeverez foient rejointz a mefmes les countees.

‘ TTEM it is ordained and affented, That the King’s c j[ Caftles and Gaols which were wont to be joined ‘ to the Bodies of the Counties, and be now feveredj ‘ fhall be rejoined to the fame Counties/

C A P. XVL

In what Cafe a Protection Quia profefiurus, cr Quia morati&us, is not allowable.

ITEM pur ceoqe moutz des gentz font delaiez fibien en adtion reale come en action perfonel par protection ove claufe Volumus purceo que plufours gentz fibien tielx qe ne font pas ables deftre retenuz pur guerre come autres par tefmoignance des governours des marches capitains des gernifons admiralx Si autres purchacent diverfes protections ove claufe de Volumus Si ove claufe Quia profectur’ kc. apres qe pie foit comence envers etix pur de-laier mefme le pie plus qe pur le, fervice le Roi ou affez des autres fufficeantz qe ne.font pas empledez ooent eftre trovez pur fervir le Roi en tiel cas Si fovent demoerent en paiis fanz aler a lour dit fervice a grant damage des purfuantz & en deftour-bance de commune droit accordez eft Si affentuz qe null protection ove claufe de Profedtur’ ne foit al-lowe en null plee dont la fuite foit comence devant ja date de tie! protedtion ft ce ne foit en viage en quelle .le Roi mefmes paffe ou autre viage roial ou

(e J T E M, Becaufe that many Perfons be delayed, as ^	fa

“ I well in Adtions real as in Adtions perfonal, by deprnuaiomlm. sc Protedtion. with the Claufe. of Volumus, for that ma- 25 Ed. 3. Jiat. 5, “ ny People, as well fuch as be not able to be retained c- ’9'

“ in War, as other, by the Teftimonial of the Gover- 1 ' 2‘ c' ' cc norsof the Marches, Captains of Garrifons, Admi-“ rals, and other, do purchafe divers Protedtions with £C Claufe of Volumus, and with Claufe <S)uia profeflurus,

“ Sic. after that a Plea is commenced agaiuft them, cc rather to delay the fame Plea, than for the King’s “ Service, whereas Plenty of other fufficient that be cc not impleaded, may be found to do the King’s Ser-c< vice in fuch Cafe, and often do remain in the Coun-“ try without going to the faid Service, to the great £C Damage of the Purfuants, and Difturbancs of com-“ mon Right;” ‘ (2) it is therefore ordained and af- Fitz.Protefllon , ‘ fented, That no Protedlion with Claufe of ProfeSlu- *> io.2<>> 54.

‘ rus be allowed in any Plea, whereof the Suit is com-4 menced before the Date of the Protedtion, if it be qo. Lit,' iji. b,

3	*	not

*

&

<

C

e

c

Caufes to repeal c a Piotedlion. c c c c c

See farther con- < csrning Pro-teftions 7 if, 4, c. 4,

not in a Voyage that the King himfelf goeth, or other Voyages Royal, or in the King’s Melfages for Bufinefs of the Realm, but they that be impleaded fhall make their Attornies to anfwer for them in fuch Pleas, or elfe they fhall tarry themfelves if they will. (3) Howbeit, it is not the Intent of the making of this Statute, but that the Protection with Claufe Ehiia moraturus be allowed in all Cafes, as it hath been before this Time : (4) And if any tarry in the Country, without going to their Service for the which he is retained, over a convenient Time after that he hath any Protection, or Return from the fame Service, if the Chancellor be thereof duly informed, he fhall repeal fuch Protection, as it hath been ufed before this Time.’

. 9 11. 5* J}a*. 1*. c» 3. 4./?. 6. c.2. 8/7. 6< r. 13.	23	H.	6.	c.	16.

Richardi II. A. D, 1389.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. es meffages du Roi pur bufoignes du Roialme mes facent tielx empiedez lour attournes pur refpoundre pur eux en tielx plees ou demurgent meimes fils voillent. Mes neft pas lentention de cell eftatut mefqe protection ove claufe Quia moratur’ foit alowe cn toutz cas come ad efte fait devant ces heu-res Si ft afeun demoerge en paiis fanz aler a fon fer-vice pur quel il foit retenu outre temps covenable apres qil eit afeun protection ou repeire de mefme le fervice et le'chanceller foit ent duement enfourme face repeller tielx protections come ad eftre fait devant ces heurcs.

14 Ed. 4. c.2.

CAP. XVII.

Where he in the Reverfion may be received in a Suit commenced againfl: the particular Tenant.

Fitz. Refceit. 7°> 7h 73; S3, 84. 85, 94, 98, ico, 103, 187, I90, 191. a Leon, 62.

“ |TEM, Becaufe that when Tenants for Term of “ it Life, Tenants in Dower, or by the Law of Eng-“ land, or in Tail after Pofllbility of Blue extinCt, be “ impleaded, they be often of the Covin of the De-“ mandants, that the Tenements demanded againfl “ them fhall be recovered, and they will not pray in “ Aid, nor vouch to Warranty them in the Reverfion, “ but plead in chief fuch a Plea whereby they know “ well the Tenements fhall be loft, in Difherifon of “ them in the Reverfion;” ‘ (2) it is accorded and af-4 fented, That if any fuch Tenant be impleaded, and 4 he in the Reverfion come into the Court, and prayeth c to be received to defend his Right at the Day that the 4 Tenant pleadeth to the AClion, or before, he fhall ‘ be received to plead in chief to the AClion, without 4 taking any Delay by Voucher, Aid Prayer, Nonage,

*	or any other Delay whatfoever, (3) fo that after fuch 4 Receipt he fhall have no Manner Delay by Protec-‘ tion, Effoin of the King’s Service, common Effoin, 4 nor any other Delay whatfoever, but that the Bufi-‘ nefs fhall be halted in as much as it may be by the ‘ Law; (4) and that Days of Grace be given by the ‘ Difcretionof the Judges between the Demandant and 1 him that is received in fuch Cafe, without giving the

*	common Day in Plea of Land, if the Demandant

*	will not affent, to the Intent that the Demandants be 4 not too much delayed, becaufe they muft plead with ‘ two Adverfaries; (;) and in the Right of Pleas that ‘ -be now depending in fuch Cafe, they in the Rever-4 fion fhall be received in the Manner aforefaid, at the ‘ next Day that the Parties have in Court, although ‘ the fame Parties have pleaded in chief before this ‘ Time.

Ih that prayeth t < be received, < fhall find Surety c of the I flues of c the Lands in demand.

Fitz. P.efceiv * 70, 80, 91. c 20EL l, flat,3. c

‘ IE Provided always. That they in the Reverfion which pray to be received, as before is faid, fhall find Surety of the Iffues of the Tenements demanded for the 1 ime that the fame Demandants be delayed, after the faid Pica determined between the Demandants and Tenants, if the Judgement pafs for the Demandant againft them in the Reverfion aforefaid, as well where the Receipt is counterpleaded, as where it is granted.’

ITEM pur ce qe quant tenantz a terme de vie te-nantz en dowere ou par la ley dEngleterre ou en la taill apres poflibilite diffue exteint foient empiedez font fovent de covyne de les demandantz qe les tenementz demandez envers eux foient recoverez et ne voillent prier en eide ne. voucher a garrant ceux en reverfion mes pledent en chief tiel plee par ont ils feivent bien qe les tenementz ferront per-duz en defheritance de ceux en reverfion accordez eft qefi afeun tiel tenant foit empiedez et cel uyen reverfion veigne in court et prie deftre receu a defen-dre fon droit a jour qe le tenant plede al aftion ou devant foit receu a pleder en chief al aftion fanz afeun delay prendre par voucher eide prier non-nage ou autre delay qeconqe iffint qe apres tiel re-ceit il neit null manere delaie par protection effon du fervice le Roi commune effon nautre delay qeconqe mes foit la bufoign haftie en tant come pu-iffe eftre par ley & qe jours de grace puiffent eftre donez par diferetion des Juges entre le demandant & celuy qeft receu en tiel cas fanz doner commune jour en plee de terre fi le demandant ne voille affen-ter au fyn qe les demandantz ne foient trop de-laiez par caufe qe les covent pleder ove deux ad-verfairs. Et en droit des plees qe font ore pen-dantz en tiel cas foient ceux en reverfion receuz en manere come devant eft dit a prochein jour qe les parties ont en Court tout eient mefmes les parties pledez en chief devant ces heures.

Purveu toutfoitz qe ceux en reverfion qe prient deftre receuz come devant eft dit trovent feurete des iffues des tenementz demandez pur le temps qe mefmes les demandantz foient delaiez apres le plee termine entre les demandantz et les tenantz fi jug-gement paffe pur le demandantz envers ceux en reverfion avauntditz fibien la ou la receite foit con-treplede come la ou ele foit grante.

Stat. r.	3	91

CAP. XVIII.

In which Courts an Attaint may be brought upon a falfe Verdict given in Lincoln.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe a la grevoufe compleint del reverent pier en Dieu levefqe de Nicole et le Dean et Chapitre de lefglife de noftre Dame de Nicole fait par lour petition a noftre Seignur le Roi & as Seignurs en cell prefent parlement les mair & baillifs de la citee de Nicole par comr.n-dement du Roi & afTent des Seignurs furent eo-mandez & chargez par brief deftre devant le Roi & fon eonfeill en mefme la parlement a certein jour ove fuffieeant inftruftion & information de tout la matire compris en mefme la petition ove fuffieeant poair & audiorite defoutz le commune feal de la dite citee pur y refpondre pur eux & la eommunalte de mefme la citee fur toutes chofes contenuz en tnefrng la petition & enoutre pur faire & receivre ce qe par le Roi & fon dit eonfeill ferroit ordeine en celle partie fur eerteine peine limite el dit brief le tenour de quell petition contenant les grevanees faitz as ditz Evefqe Dean & Chapitre par gentz de Nicole par colour de lour franchiles eftoit mande as 'mefmes les mair & baillifs clos deinz le brief a-vauntditet coment qe mefmes les mair & baillifs a jour contenuz en le dit brief viendrent devant le Roi & fon dit eonfeill en le parlement fufdit ils napporterent mye fuffieeant garrant pur la com-munalte de la dite citee come ils avoient en coraan-dernent par le dit brief Et fur ce noftre dit Seignur le Roi del afTent des Prelatz &.des autres Seignurs en mefme le parlement efteantz par defaut des a-vantdit mair et baillifs et eommunalte eelle partie ad procedez et examinez la dit petition et les gre-vances contenuz en yeell, Et auxint pur ce qe commune clamour y ad qe plufours des liges le Roi ont fuffert fovent diverfes injuries en la dite eitee acaufe qe des franks tenementz deinz mefme la citee trefpas contradlz et autres chofes fourdantz deinz mefme la citee triables par affife jurre ou en-quefte ont efte triez par gentz de mefme la citee et font fi favorables chefeun a autre qils ne doutent gers faux ferement et ce par eaufe qils font fi en-baudez par enchefon qils nont pas eftez devant ces heures par colour de lour franchife convidlz par foreins noftre Seignur le Roi voillant pur les caufes fufditz purvoir pur laquiete du dite efglife et plein droit eftre fait fibien as ditz Evefqe Dean et Chapitre et lour fucceffours come a toutz autres en temps avenir celle partie ad ordeine et eftabli qen affifes jurrees et toutz autres enqueftes qe ferront pris entre partie et partie devant les mair et baillifs de la dite eitee qe pur le temps ferront fi afeun des parties fe pleint de faux ferement fait par tiel affile jurre ou enqueftelatteint luyfoitgrante et le record foit mande par brief en bank le Roi ou en commune bank et qe le vifeont arraie en la jurre de tiel atteinte des foreins du counte fanz mander a la franchife du dite citee et qe les Juftices preignent mefme la jureede mefmes les foreinsNientcontre-fteant afeune franchife grante au dite citee ou autre ufage au contraire.

See farther concerning Attaints 11 H, 6% c, 4.	15	II,	61	c.	5.

ITEM, Becaufe that upon the grievous Complaint 3 Ed. i. c. 38.

of the Reverend Father in God the Bifhop of 14H1.c. 2. Lincoln, and the Dean and Chapiter of the Church 1 Ed. 3.fat. 1. of our Lady in Lincoln, made by their Petition to^-	„

our Lord the King, and the Lords in this prefent g}'*' c_ g J" Parliament; the Mayor and the Bailiffs of the City34E,7.’3! c'.j, of Lincoln, by the Commandment of the King, and 9 R. a. c. 3. the AfTent of the Lords, were enjoined and charged by Writ to be before the King and his Council in the fame Parliament at a certain Day, with fufficient In-ftrudtion and Information of all the Matter com-prifed in the fame Petition, with full Power and Authority, under the common Seal of the faid City, to anfwer for them, and the Commonalty of the faid City, upon all Things contained in the fame Petition, and further to do and receive that which fhall be ordained hy the King and his Council in that Behalf, upon a certain Pain limited in the fame Writ; the Tenour of which Petition, containing the Grievances done to the faid Bifhop and Chapiter by the People of the City of Lincoln, by Colour of their Franchife, was fent to the faid Mayor and B iliffs clofed within the faid Writ; and though the faid Mayor and Bailiff’s, at the Day contained in the fame Writ, came before the King and his Council in the Parliament aforefaid, yet they did not bring any fufficient Warrant from the Commonalty of the faid City, as they had in Commandment by the faid Writ; and upon that our faid Lord the King, by the AfTent of the Prelates and other Lords in the fame Parliament being, by Default of the Mayor,

Bailiffs, and Commons aforefaid in that Behalf, hath proceeded and examined the faid Petition, and the Grievances therein contained: (2) And alfo becaufe The inconveni-that a common Clamour hath been, that many of c”c,cs the King’s Lieges often have fuffered divers Injuries °‘{ Suits^in Un-in the faid City, becaufe in Refpect of Freeholds coin ,)1C within the fame City, Trefpaffes, Contracts, and People only of other 1 hings rifing within the fame City, triable by 'he lame City. Affife, Jury, or Inqueft, have been tried by People of the fame City, which be fo favourable one to another, that they doubt not to make falfe Oaths, and that becaufe they be encouraged, forafmueh as they have not been before this Time convict by. Foreigners, hy Colour of their Franchife £ (3) Our Lord 14H.7-f.13, the King willing, for the Caufes aforefaid, to provide for the Quietnefs of the faid Church, and full Right to be done as well to the faid Bifhop, Dean and Chapiter, and their Succeffors, as to all other in Time coming, hath ordained and ftablilhed, in, that Behalf, that in Affifes, Juries, and all other Inquefts that {hall be taken between Party and Party, before the Mayor and Bailiffs of the fame City for the time being, if any of the Parties feel himfelf grieved of a falfe Oath made by fuch Affife, Jury, or Inqueft, the Attaint fhall be granted to him, and the Record fent by Writ into the King’s Bench, or into the Common Pleas, (4) and that the Sheriff impanel the Jury of fuch Attaint of Foreigners of the County, without fending to the Franchife of the faid City, and that the Juftices fhall take the fame Jury of the fame Foreigners, notvvithftanding any Franchife granted to	jV

the fame City, or other Ufage to the contrary.’	11 ”•

l3//. 6. c, 2, nif,7,	24.	23	H.	S-	c.	3. andII. 8. c. 3. Refill. 121,

CAP.

Anno decimo tertio Richardi II.

A. D. 1389.

392 Stat. Ie

CAP. XIX.

A Confirmation of 13 Edw: 1. Stat. 1. cap. 47. touching taking of Salmons.

4Idtt. jj. “ ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Statute of “ JL Wejlminjler the fecond, that young Salmons fhall cc not be taken nor deftroyed by Nets, nor by other “ Engines, at Mill-dams, from the midi} of April till “ the Nativity of St. John Baptifl, upon a certain Pain “ limited in the fame Statute;’’ c it is accorded and ‘ afTented, That the faid Statute be firmly holden and kept, (2) joyning to the fame. That young Salmons fhall not be taken, during the faid Time, at Mill-dams, nor in other Places, upon the fame Pain. (3) And that no Fifher, or Garth-man, nor any other, of what Eftate or Condition that he be, fhall from henceforth put in the Waters of Thamife, Humber, Oufe, Trent., nor any other Waters of tne Realm by the laid Time, nor in other Time of the Year, any Nets called Stalkers, nor other Nets nor Engines - * whatfoever they be, by the which the Fry or the ~	‘	Breed of the Salmons, Lampreys or any other Fifh,

‘ may in any wife be taken or deftroyed, upon the Pain ‘ aforefaid.’ “ (4) And alfo where it is contained in “ the fame Statute, that all the Waters in the which “ Salmons be taken within the Realm, fhall be put in “ Defence as to the taking of Salmons, from the Day “ of the Nativity of our Lady, until St. Marlin’s What Time of “ Day;” ‘ (3) it is ordained and afTented, That the the Year the e Waters of As;?, TVyre, Merjee, Rylbyl, and all other Rivers in the e Waters in the County of Lancajler, be put in De-Co„unT	c	fence, as to the taking of Salmons, from Michaelmas

cafter ihall he in - —	-	- -	-0	-	-	-

Defence.

There fhall he no Devices prac-tifed whereby the Fry of Fifh Ihall be deflroy-

«U

Day to the Purification of our Lady, and in no other Time of the Year, becaufe that Salmons be not fea-fonable in the faid Waters in the Time aforefaid.

And in the Parts where fuch Rivers be, there fhall be afligned and fworn good and l'ufficient Conferva-tors of this Statute, as it is ordained in the faid Statute of TVcflminJlcr, and that they fhall punifh the Offenders after the Pain contained in the fame Statute, without any Favour thereof to be fhewed.’

See 22 Ed. 4. c. z. for packing of Salmons ; 23 H. 8. c, 18. for pulling down Piles in the Elvers Oufe and Humber $ 25 H. 8. c. 7. of the Spawn. See farther 3 Jac. I. c. I2<	30 Car. z- fat. 1. c. 9.	4^5	JV.	& M. c. 2 3.	4 Ann. c. 21.	9	Ann.	c.	26.

1. c. 18. and 23 Geo. z.c. 2 6. containing farther Provifmi for the Prefervation and Improvement of the Fijhery.

CAP. XX.

Confervators of this ftatute, and their Au-. thority.

Enforced by j 7 R«2. c. q.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

T E M come contenuz foit en leftatut de Weftm’ fecond qe falmonceux ne foient prifes ne de-ftruitz par rees ne par autres engines a leftankes de molyns de mye April tanqal Nativite de Seint Johan le Baptiftre fur certeine peine limits en mefme leftatut accordez eft et aflentuz qe le dit eftatut foit fermement tenuz et gardez adjoufte aycell qe falmonceux ne foient prifes par le dit temps a leftankes des molyns ne aillours fur mefme la peine et qe null pefehour ne gafthman ne null autre de quell eftat ou condition qils foit ne mette defore enavant en les ewes de Thamife Humbre Oufe Trente ne null autre ewe du Roialme par le dit temps ne par null autre temps del an afeuns rees appellez ftalkers nautres rees nengines queconqes par les quelles le frie ou brood des falmons laum-preis ou dautre pefion queconqe purra en afeun ma-nere eftre pris ou deftruit fur la peine fuifdite. Et auxint come contenuz foit en mefme leftatut qe toutz les ewes es queux falmons font prifes en le Roialme foient mifes en defens qant al prife des falmons del jour de la nativite denoftre Dame tanqal jour de Seint Martyn ordeignez eft et aflentuz qe les ewes de Lone Wyre Merfee Ribbill et toutz autres ewes el countee de Lancaffre foient mifes en defenfe qant al prife des falmons del jour de Seint -Michel tanqe al jour de la Purification de noftre Dame et en null autre temps del an a caufe qele falmons ne font pas feifonables en les ditz ewes par le temps fuifdite. Et es parties ou tielx rivers font foient aflignez et jurrez bones et fufficeantz con-fervatours de ceft eftatut come eft ordeignez en le dit eftatut de Weftm’ & qils puniflent les trefpaf-fours folonc la peine contenuz en mefme leftatut fanz afeun favour entfaire.

I El. c. 17. for the Prefervation I Geo. 1. fat. z» c. i$. 5 Geo,

Rep. 21 Jac. r. c. 28,

9 Ed. 3,fat. 2.

c. 8.

What Sort of Perfons only may pafs forth of the Realm without the King’s Licence, and at

what Ports.

ITEM pur certeines caufes monftrez en ceft parlement le Roi voet & comande par aflent des Seignurs en parlement qe toutz pelryns & toutes autres gentz forfpris merchantz notoirs & conuz & auxint fol-deours & gentz darmes qe voillent paiTer par meer hors du Roialme fi paflent a les portz de Dovorr ou de Plymmuth & null part aillours fanz efpeciale congie du Roi mefmes mes qe ceux qi voillent pafler vers Ir-land paffent a Livcrpull Ceftre Briftuit ou aillours ou lour pleft.

RE X vicecomiti Kane’ falutem. Quedam ftatuta per nos de aflenfu Magnatum & Communitatum regni noftri Anglic in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ dieLune proximo poft feftum fanfti Hilarii ultimo pre-teritum tento fafta que tibi mittimus fub magno figillo noftro in forma patent! tibi precipimus quod infra co-mitatum predi£tum in locis ubi magis expediens fuerit fine dilatione legi & publice ex parte noftra proclamari ac firmiter teneri & obfervari facias juxta formam ftatutorum prcdidlorum, Et hoc lub incumbenti periculo nullatenus omittas.

' T. R. apud Weftm’ xvi. die Maii.

Conftmilia Ircvia dlriguntur fmgulis vicecomitilms per Angliam ac Johanni Dud Aquitanie. Lancojlrie velejus

Cancellario in ditto ducat it Lancajlrie.

Other

A.D. 1389. Anno decimo tertio Richardi II.	Stat.	2.

Other Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 13 Rich. II. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1389.

CAP. I.

In a Pardon of Murder, Treafon, or Rape, the Offence committed fhall be fpecified. Forfeiture of him at whofe Suit fuch a Pardon is obtained.

The

;93

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. io.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roi a fon parlement te-nuz a Welhn’ Lundy proehein apres le fcft de Seint Hiller lan de fon regne trefzifme oie la grcvoufe compleint de fa communalte en mefme le parlement des outrageoufes mefchiefs & damages qe font avenuz a fon dit Roialme pur ceo qe trefoncs murdres & rapes des femmes font trop communement faitz & perpetres & eeo le plus pur ceo qe chartres de pardon ont efte trop legerement grauntez en tieux cafes la dite commune pria a noftre Seignur le Roi qe tieux chartres ne fuiffent' mes grauntez a qoi noftre Seignur le Roi refpondy qil vorroit falver fa libertee Si regalie come fes ptogenitours ont fait devant ces heures mes pur la greindre quiete Si pees nurrir deinz fon Roialme (del aflent des grantz & nobles en mefme le parlement efteantz ad grantee qe null chartre de pardon defore foit alowe devant qiconqes Juftices pur murdre mo it de hommc occys par agait affaut ou malice prepenfe trefon ou rape de femme fi mefme le murdre ou mort de hommc occys par agait affaut ou malice prepenfe trefon ou rape de femme ne foient efpecifiez en mefme la chartre. Et fi la chartre de mort de homrne foit alegge devant qiconqes Juftices en quelle chartre ne foit efpecifie qe celuy~ de qi mort afcun tie] foit arreigne feuft murdres ou occis par agait alfaut ou malice prepenfe enquergent les Juftices par bone enqueft del vifne ou la mort fuift occys fil fuift murdre ou occys par agait affaut ou malice prepenfe Si fils tro-vent qil fuift murdy ou occis par agait affaut ou malice prepenfe foit la chartre difalowe & foit fait outre folonc ceo qe la ley demande. Et ft afcun prie au Roi pur chartre de pardon pur murdre mort de hommc occys par agait affaut ou malice prepenfe trefon ou rape de femme ft le Chamber-

UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at IVeftminfler the Monday next after theFeaft of Saint Hillary, the thirteenth Year of his Reign, hearing the grievous Complaint of his faid Commons in the fame Parliament, of the outragious Mifchiefs and Damages which have happened to his faid Realm, for that Treafons, Murders, and Rapes of Women be commonly done and committed, and the more becaufe Charters of Pardon have been eafily -granted in fuch Cafes c (2) the faid Commons requefted our Lord the King, That fuch Charters might not be granted ; to whom the King anfwered,

That he will fave his Liberty and Regality, as his Progenitors have done heretofore ; (i) but to nourifh the more Quietnefs and Peace within his Realm, by the Aflent of the Great Men and Nobles, being in the fame Parliament, he hath granted. That no Charter of Pardon from henceforth {hall be allowed before any Juftice for Murder, or for the Death of a Man flain by Await, Affault, or Malice prepenfed,

Treafon, or Rape of a Woman, unlefs the fame Murder, Death of the Man flain by Await, Affault or Malice prepenfed, Treafon, or Rape of a Woman, be fpecified in the fame Charter. (4) And if Keylinrray. a Charter of the Death of a Man be alledged before p,r0'vCllar'' I0’ any Juftices, in which Charter it is not fpecified, °"*401'* ' that he of whofe Death any fuch is arraigned, was murdered or flain by Await, Affault, or Malice prepenfed, the fame Juftices fhall inquire, by a good Inqueft, of the vifne where the Dead was flain, if he were murdered or flain by Await, Affault, or Malice prepenfed, and if they find that he was murdered or flain by Await, Affault, or Malice prepenfed, the Charter fhall be difallowed, and further it fhall be done as the Law commandeth. fc)' And if any be a RcP-‘>artiY Suiter,’ &c. .	i6R.2.c.6,

ou rape

eyn endofe tiel bilie ou face endofer mette le noun le celuy qe pria pur tiele chartre fur mefme la bille fur peine de jJ, marez Si fi le' Southchamberlein endofe .idle bille face femblablement fur peine de cynk centz marez Si qe null autre qe Chamberleyn ou South-ihamberlein endofe ne face endofer nul tiellc bille fur peine de ^ marez Si qe tielle bille foit envoie & di-■ede al Gardeyn du prive feal Si que null gnrant du prive feale foit fait pur tiel chartre avoir finon qe le jardein de prive feale eit tielle bilie endofe ou figne par le Chamberleyn ou Southchamberleyn come defuis •

■ft dit. Et qe null chartre de pardon de trefon ne dautre felonie paffe la Chauncellarie fanz earant du • irive feale forfqe en cas ou le Chaunceller le puiffe grantier de fon office fanz ent parler au Roi. Et ft celuy No Pirfon of qi prier afeune chartre de pardon pur murdre mort de homme tue par agait affaut ou malice prepenfe trefon 7rea^n.fr Fr‘' iu rape de femme foit grante foit Archevefqe ou Due paie au Roi ^ livres & 111 foit Evefqe ou Count paie out War-u Roi h marez Si fil foit Abbe Priour Baron ou Banneret paie au P.oi cynk centz marez & fil foit Cl ere Ba- rant of tho Pri-hder ou autre dc meyndre eftat de quele condition qil foit paie au Roi deux centz marez & eit lemprifo- Seal-ement dun an.

C A P. II.

{ Confirmation of the Statute of Provifors, made Anno 25 Enw. 3. Slat 6. and the Forfeiture of him that accepted! a Benefice contrary to that Statute.

r TEM come le noble Roi Edward Aiel noftre L Seignur le Roi qor eft a fon parlement tenuz a Veftm’ al octaves del Purification noftre Dame Ian--■ fon regne vynt & quynt lift reciter leftatut fait VOL. 1.

“ TTEM, Whereas the noble King Edwa’ d, t Rollto, 92 “ A Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is,

“ at his Parliament holden at Wejlminfler at the Utas “ of the Purification of our Lady, the five and twen-E e e	“	tieth	;

391- Stat. 2

For all Benefice? which fhali he vo;d after the 29th of January, An. 13 R. 2. the Statute of 2 5F,d. 3. flat. 6. of Provifors, fhali be put in Execution.

* Have begun.

If anv do accept of a Bjne6ce contrary to the Paid Statute of 25 Ed. 3. fiat. 6. he thall be ba-rifliei the Realm.

ThePuni/bment of the Receiver?, Procurator?, Sec. of Ofientieis.

Benefited Per-i'lOj, unto whom rh * Pop'* hsd h—'ireai /'-n Dig-r *iee of the Church, except | cd.

Anno decimo tertio Richardi II. A.D. 1389^

“ tieth Year of his Reign? cattfed to be rehearfed the “ Statute made at Carleil in the Time of King Ed* “ ward, Son of King Henry, touching the Eftate ££ of the holy Church of England; the fa id Grandfa-“ ther of the King that now is, by theAflent of the “ Great Men of his Realm, being in the fame Parlia-“ ment, holden the faid Eve and twentieth Year, to “ the Honour of God and of holy Church, and of ail ££ his Realm, did ordain and eftablilh, that the free “ Eledfions of Archbifhopricks, Bifhopricks, and all “ Other Dignities and Benefices elecfive in England, “ fhould hold from thenceforth in the Manner as they “ were granted by his Progenitors, and by the Ancel-“ tors of other Lords Founders: (z) And that all Pre-“ lates and other People of holy Church, which had “ Advowfons of any Benefices of the Gift of the King, “ or of his Progenitors, or of other Lords and Donors, “ fhould freely have their Collations and Prefentments; “ and thereupon a certain Punifltment was ordained in ££ the fame Statute for them which accept any Benefice “ or Dignity contrary to the faid Statute made at Wejl-“ tninjier the faid twenty-fifth Year, as afore is faid ; “ which Statute our Lord the King hath caufed to be “ recited in this prefent Parliament at the Requeft of “ his Commons in the fame Parliament, the Tenor ££ whereof is fuch as hereafter followeth ‘ Whereas ‘ late in the Parliament of good Memory of Edward, e King of England, bfc.’ [rchcarftng the whole Statute

made the fold Twenty-fifth Rear.]-----And then thus:

‘ (3) Our Lord the King that now is, of the AfTent of £ the great Men of his Realm, being in this prefent ‘ Parliament, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That for ‘ all Archbifhopricks, Bifhopricks, and other Digni-‘ ties and Benefices eleflive, and all other Benefices of ‘ holy Church, which fhali begin * to be void in Deed c the Twenty ninth Day of 'January, the Thirteenth ‘ Year of the Reign of our Lord King Richard that £ now is, or after, or which fhali be void in Time to ‘ come within the Realm of England, the faid Statute £ made the faid Twenty fifth Year fnall be firmly hold-c. en for ever, and put in due Execution from time to ‘ time in all Manner of Points. (4) And if any do ac-‘ cept of a Benefice of holy Church contrary to this ‘ Statute, and that duly proved, and be beyond the c Sea, he fhali abide exiled and banifhed out of the £ Realm for ever, his Lands and Tenements, Goods ‘ and Chatties fhali be forfeit to the King ; (5) and if £ he be within the Realm, he {hall he alfo exiled and ‘ banifhed, as afore is faid, and fliall incur the fame ‘ Forfeiture, and take his Way, fo that he be out of ‘ the Realm within fix Weeks next after fuch Accep-‘ tation. (6) And if any receive any fuch Pcrfon ba-£ nifhed coming from beyond the Sea, or being within £ the Realm after the faid fix Weeks, knowing there-£ of, he fhali be alfo exiled and banifhed, and incur 1 fuch Forfeiture as afore is fitid.	(7)	And that their

£ Procurators, Notaries, Executors, and Summoners £ have the Pain and Forfeiture aforefald.’

‘ II- Provided neverthelefs",'That all they to whom £ the I’ope of Rome, or his Predeccflors, have provided £ any Archhiflroprick, Bifhoprick, or other Dignity,

‘ t or other Benefices of holy Church, of the Patron-age of People of holy Church, in refpedt of any ‘ Voi lance before the faid xxix Day of 'January, and ‘ thereof wre in a final Pofleflion before the fame xxix ‘ ] )ay, fhali have and enjoy the faid Archhifhopricks, £ Bifhopricks, Dignities,- and other Benefices pcace-* ably for their Lives, notwithftanding the Statutes

■* A,!i or Btn’Sca elcfiive.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. a Kardoile en temps fon Aiel Ie Roi Edward fitz au Roi He nr’ touchant leflat de feint efglife dEn-gleterre le dit Aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft del aflent des grantz de fon Roialme en mefme le parlement tenuz le dit an vynt & quynt efteantzal honour de Dieu & de feint efglife & de tout fon Roialme ordeigna & eftablift qe franks eledfions des Erchevefchies Evefchies fie touz autres digni-tees & benefices electives en Engleterre fe tendroi-ent delors en manere come eles feurent gauntez par fes progenitours St par les aunceftres des autres Seignurs foundours & toutz prelates fit autres gentz de feint efglife qe avoient avowefons de qiconqes benefices de don le Roi ou de fes progenitours ou dautres Seignurs fit donours eufient franchement lour collations & prefentementz St fur ceo certein punyflement eftoit ordeigne en mefme leftatut pur ceux qe acceptont afeun dignite ou benefice au contraire du dit eftatut fait a Weftm’ le dit an xxv. come devaunt eft dit le quele eftatut noftre Seignur le Roi ad fait recitier en ceft prefent parlement al requeft de fa communalte en mefme le parlement la tenure de quele eftatut eft ticl come fy enfuyt: “ Come jadys en le parlement” See. [front, St. zy. E. i. St. 6. fob Z79. ufque Et doit ceft eftatut te-nir lieu comenceant al octaves fuifditz.J Et outre ce noftre dit Seignur le Roi qore eft de laflent des grantz de fon Roialme efteantz en ceft prefent parlement ad ordeigne fit eftabli qe de toutz Ercevef-chees Evefchees fit autres dignites fit benefices e-leflives St autres benefices de Seint efglife qecon-qes qe comencerent deftre voidez de fait le vint fit noefifme jour de Januer lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roi Richard trefzifme ou puis ou qe fe voidront en temps avenir deinz le Roialme dEn-gleterre le dit eftatut fait le dit art xxv. foit fierme-ment tenuz pur touz jours fit mys en due execution de temps en temps en toutz pointz. Et fi afeun face afeun acceptation dafeun benefice de Seint efglife a contrarie de ceft eftatut fit ce duement prove fit foit depar dela demurge exile fit banny hors du Roialme pur toutz jours fit fes terres tene-mentz biens fit chateux forfaitz au Roi fit fi] foit deinz le Roialme foit il auxi exile St banny come devant eft dit et encourge mefme la forfaiture et preigne fon chemyn ifiint qil foit hors du Roialme deinz fvs femaignes procheins apres tiel acceptation. Et fi afeun receite afeun tie] banny venant depar dela ou efteantz deinz le Roialme apres les fys femaignes avauntdit conifant de ce foit auxint exile et banny et encourge autiel forfaiture come devaunt eft dit. Et qe lour procuratours notairs executours et fomonours eient la forfaiture et peyne fufditz.

Purveu nepurqantqe toutz yceux as queux noftre Seint piere le Pape au fes predecefiours ont purveu afeun Ereevefchee Evefchee ou autre dignitee ou benefi es cledtives 011 autres benefices de Seint efglife del patronage des gentz de Seint efglife a caufe de voidance devant le dit xxix jour de Januer Si ent furent cn corporel pofieflion devaunt mefme le xxix. jnur eient fit enjoient lour ditz Ercevefchees Evefchees dignites fit benefices peifiblcment pur lour vies nient contrefteantz les eftatutz fit ordinance ■	avandicz

A. D. 1389. Anno decimo tertlo Richardi II.

Stat. 2.	395

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. avantditz Et fi le Roi envoie par lettre ou en autre manere a la courte de Rome al excitation dafcune perfone ou ft afcun autre envoie ou prie a mefnie la courte parount- qe la contrarie de cell eftatut foit fait touchant aicun Ercevefchee Evef chee dignite ou autre benefice de Seint efglife deinz le dit Roialme fi cely qe fait tiel excitation ou tiel prier foit Prelate de Seinte efglife paie au Roi le value de fes temporaltees dun an & lil foit Seignur teinporel paie au Roi le value de fes terres & pol-leffions nient moebles dun an. Et fil foit autre perfone deflate pluis bas paie au Roi la value du benefice pur quel tiel prier foit fait & eit la prifone dun an. Et eft lentention du ceft eftatut qe de toutz dignites Sc benefices de Seint efglife qelloient voidez de fait le dit xxix. jour de Januer queux font donez ou as queux foit purveu par lappoftoill devaunt mcfme le xxix. jour qe ceux as queux tielx douiis ou provifions foient faitz puifl'ent fran-chement des tiels douns & provifions fuer execution fanz offence de ceft eftatut. Purveu toutz-foitz qe de nulle dignite ou benefice qeftoit plein le dit xxix. jour de Januer null a caufe dafcun don collation refervation & provifion ou dautre grace de lappoftoill queconqe nient execute devaunt le dit xxix. jour ne fue ent execution fur les peynes contenuz en ceft prefent eftatut.

and Ordinances aforefaid. (2) And if the King fend The Penalty of by Letter, or in other Manner to the Court of Rome, £"ns 10 ‘D at the Intreaty of any Perfon, or if any other fend or to'infHnge'the iue to the fame Court, whereby any Thing is done Puiportuf this contrary to this Statute, touching any Archbifhop- Statute, rick, Bifhoprick, Dignity, or other Benefice of holy Church within the laid Realm, if he that malceth fuch Motion or Suit be a Prelate of holy Church, he fhall pay to the King the Value of his Temporalties of one Year; (3) and if he be a Temporal Lord, he fhall pay to the King the Value of his Lands and Pofiefiions not moveable of one Year ; (4) and if he be another Perfon of a more mean Lftate, he fhall pay to the King the Value of the Benefice for which.

Suit is made, and fhall be imprifoned one Year.

(0 And it is the Intent of this Statute, that of all Dignities and Benefices of holy Church, which were void indeed the faid xxix Day of January, which be given, or to whom it is provided by the Pope of Rome before the fame xxix Day, that they to whom fuch Gifts or Provifions be made, may freely of fuch Gifts and Provifions fue Execution without Offence of this Statute. (6) Provided always. That of no EeI’ef‘ccs °-Dignity or Benefice which was full the faid xxix Day Diejan!"n4 of 'January, no Man becaufe of any Collation, Gift, j, r. 2. Refervation, and Provifion, or other Grace Papal, Enforced by ill. not executed before the faid xxix Day, fhall not fue 4- c- 3- 7 w-4-thereof Execution, upon the Pains and Forfeitures c:	3	5-

contained in this prefent Statute.’	'See fartia-i6 R.

Z. c, 5. which wakes it Premunire to purchafe Bulls and other Injlruments from Rome, ©V, See likewife 3 El, c, 1, and 13 El. c. z. againjl maintaining the Authority of the See of Rome, or bringing Bulls, &c, from thence. Raft, 465.

CAP. III.

The Penalty of him which bringeth a Summons or Excommunication againft any Perfon upon . , ■:	the	Statute	of	Provifors,	and	of a Prelate executing it.

TEM, It is ordained and effablifhed, That if any Man bring or fend within the Realm, or the-King’s Power, any Summons, Sentences, or Ex-communications againfl any Perfon, of what Condition that he be, for the Caufe of making Motion,.

Affent, or Execution of the faid Statute ofProvifors, he fhall be taken, arrefted, and put in Prifon, and forfeit all his Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chatties for ever, and incur the Pain of Life and of Member. (2) And if any Prelate make Execution of fuch Summons, Sentences, or Excommunications,, that his Temporalties be taken and abide in the King’s Hands, till due Redrefs and1 Correction be thereof made. (3) And if any Perfon of lefs Eftate-than a Prelate, of what Condition' that he be, make-fuch Execution, he fhall be taken, arrefted, and put: in Prifon, and have Imprifonment, and make Fine 3 Tnft. io?.. and Ranfom by the Difcretion of the King’s Coun- See the References

cj},»	to	ibefircgeinz

ITEM ordeigne eft & eftabli qe fi afcun port ou envoie deinz lc Roialme ou 'e poair noftre dit Seignur le Roy afcun fomonces fentences ou efeo-mengementz envers afcun perfone de quel condition qil foit a caufe de la motion fefance affent ou execution du dit eftatut des Provifours foit il pris & areftuz & mys en prifone & forface toutz fes terres Sc tenementz biens Sc chateux pur touz jours Sc outre encourge la peyne de vie Sc de membre. Et fi afcun Prelat face execution des tieux fomonces fentences ou efcomengementz qe fes temporaltes foient prifes & demurgent es mayns noftre dit Seig-tnur le Roy tanqe due redreffe & correction en foit fait. Et fi afcun perfon de meyndre eftate qe Prelat de quel condition qil foit face tiel. execution foit pris & areftuz Sc mys en prifon 6c eit emprifo-nement & face fyn Sc raunceon folonc la difcretion du confeill noftre dit Seignur le Roy.

ctepier.

EX viceeomiti Kane’ faluteni. Precipimus tibi firmiter injungentes quod quedam ftatuta St ordinatio-nes per nos de affenfu Magnatuni Si Communitatum regni noftri Anglie in parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ ultimo tento fadta que tibi mittimus fub magno figillo noftro in forma patenti infra comitatum tuum in locis ubi magis expediens fueritfine dilatione legi & publice ex parte noftra proclamari ao firmiter teneri & obfervari facias juxta formam ftatutorum & ordinatiomini predidtorum,. Et hoc fub incumbenti periculo nullatenus omittas.

Tefte rege apud Weftm’ xv. die MaiL.

Confmilia Irevta dirigunturJingidis vlcccomitibus per Angliam..

An-,

E e e z

3 96

Anno decimo tertio Richardi IL A. D. 1389.

An Ordinance made at Weftmtnjler to prevent Maintenance in Judicial

Proceedings. 13 Rich. If. Stat. 3a.

Ex Rot. in Tiirr. Lond. m. 8. i R. 7. f. 7. 'sr E Roi al vifcont de Kent falutz. Come par les leycs & cuftumes de noftre Roialme queux nous fumes 1 tenuz a garder par ferement fait a noftre coronement touz noz lieges deinz mefme le Roiaume fibien ^ povres come riches.deuflent franchement fuer defender refceyver Sc avoir juftice & droit Sc acom-pliflement Sc execution dicelles en quelconqes noz courtes & aillours fanz eftre deftourbez ou oppreftez par maintenance manacc ou autre manere queconqe & ore eft einfy qen plufours noz parlementz tenuz devant ces hcures Sc meement cs parlementz darrein tenuz a Canterbr’ Sc Weftm’ grevous pleint Sc grant clamour nous ad efte faite fibien par Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporels come par les Communes de noftre dit Roialme des grantz Sc outrageoufes oppreilions & maintenances faitz en damage de nous Sc de noftre poeple en di-verfes parties de mefme le Roiaume par diverfes maintenours menours barettours procurours et embrace-' ours de quereles et enqueftes en paiis des queux plufours fount le pluis embaudez et bardyz en lour maintenance et malveftees fuifditz pur ceo qils font de retenue des Seignurs et autres de noftre dit Roiaume as fees robes et autres liverees appellez liverees de compaignie Si avons ordenez et eftrojtement defenduz de lad-vys de noftre grant confeil qe null Prelat nautre homme de Seint efglife ne bachiler ne efquier nautre de meyndre eftat ne donne nulle manere de tiel liveree appelle liveree de compaignie et qe nul Due Cont Baron ou Baneret ne donne tiel liveree de compaignie a chivaler ne efquier fil ne foit retenuz ovefqe luy a terme de vie pur pees et guerre par endenture fanz fraude ou male engyne ou qe foit rhefnal et familier demurant en fon hoftell ne a nul vallet appellez yoman archer nautre de meindre eftat qe efquier fil ne foit enfement familier demurant en fon hoftell. Et qe toutz Seignurs efpirituels et tempdrels et toutz autres de quelg condition ou eftat qils foient ouftent tout outrement touz tielx meyntenours menours barettours procurours et embraceours de quereles et enqueftes de lour fees robes et touz maneres livereez et de lour fervice compaignie et retenu fanz afeun tiel receivre a lour retenu en quelconqe manere en temps avenir et qe nul Sei-gnur efpirituel ne tempore! ne nul autre qad ou avera gentz de fa retenue ne foeffre nuls qe foient devers luy eftre maintenour menour barettour procurour ou embraceour des quereles et enqueftes en paiis en nul manere mes les oufte de fon fervice et retenue come devant eft dit a plus toft qil poet ent eftre afeartein. Et qc ft afeun Seignur oufte afeun tiel maintenour menour barettour procurour ou embraceour de fa compaignie pur celle caufe qc adonqes nul autre Seignur luy reteigne ne receive de fa retenue ne de fa compaignie en nul manere. Et qc null de noz lieges grant ne petit de quele condition ou eftat qil foit foit il de retenue dafeun Seignur ou autre perfone Queconqe qe ne foit mye de retenue nenpreigne querele autre qe fa propre ne la maintiegne par luy ne par autre en prive nen appert. Et qe touz yceux qe ufent et portent tiel livened appelle liveree de compaignie a contraire de cefte noftre ordenance les leflent tout putrement deinz dys jours apres la proclamation de mefme cefte ordenance fanz les plus ufer ou porter en apres. Et qe cefte noftre ordenance foit tenue et fermement garde et duement execute en touz pointz fibien-par ceux qont ou ave-ront gentz de lour retenue come par touz autres perfones en ce qe a eux apartient touchant mefme cefte ordenance fur peine demprifonement fyn et raunceon ou deftre puniz en autre manere folonc ceo qe foit avis a nous et a noftre confeil purqoi vous mandons et chargeons qe maintenant veuez ceftes ft facez publier et proclamer cefte noftre ordenance en citees burghs villes merchantz et autres lieux publikes deinz voftre bailee.* farther 7 R. lie fibien deinz franchife come dehors et le facez eftre tenuz et duement executz cn touz pointes. Don fouz

2.	c. 15. 20 R. noftre grant feal a Weftm’ le xii. jour de Maii.

2. c. 1. and 32	per	jpfum Regem et concilium.

H.S.c.g.wtieb	...	,	.	•

infin Penalties	Conjimilia brevia eliriguntHr fingulis vicecomitibus per Anglianu

cn Maintenance.	,	j

a Firft publilhcd by Mr. Serjeant Hawkins.

Statutes ?nade at Weftminfter, Anno 14 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

1390.

“ I A OR (he Relief and Increafe of the common “	'•	Profit	of	the. Realm of England, and of the

cc	Lands	of	Wales and Ireland\ which have been

“ in divers Manners greatly hindered in Times paft ; “ our Lord the King, at his Parliament holderi at “ JVeJlminfler the Morrow of St. Martin, the Fonr-“ teemh Year of his Reign, hath ordained and efta-“ blifhed, by the Aflent of the faid Parliament, the “ 7'hings under-written.” •

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 8.

PUR rekvation St encrefte du commune profit du Roialme dEngleterre Sc des terres de Gales Sc dlrland qad efte en diverfe manere grantement arierifte en temps pafte fy ad noftre Seignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemayn de Seint Martyn lan de fon.regne qua-torzifme ordeine Sc eftabli del aftent de fon.dit parlement les chofes defouz efcriptz.

CAP,

A. D.

1390.

Anno decimo quarto Richardi IF.

C, i—5-

397

•c A p. I,

The Staple fhall be removed from Calice into England. , Every Alien Merchant fhall bellow half the Money received upon the Commodities of this Realm.

Ay Rot. in Turr. Lond.

EN primes qe leftaple foit remuez de Caleys en Engleterre Mint qil foit en Engleterre Lundy profchein apres le fell de la TifFanie a pluiftard & qil foit tenuz es lieux contenuz en leftatut de lefta-ple fait Ian xxvii. laiel noftre dit Seis.nur le Roy & en null autre lieu. Et qe le dit eftatut foit tenuz k gardez & duement execut en toutz pointz ove les additions defouz efcriptz Nient contrcfteant afcune declaration ou eftatut fait dcpuis a contraire ceftafl'avoir qe chefcune perfone aliene de quelle degre ou condition, qil foit qamefne afcune mer-chandifc en Engleterre trove fufficeante feurete de-vant les ciiftumers el port ou la dite merchandife ferra amefne dachater autre merchandife .a la value de la moite du dite merchandife iflint amefne au meyns come leyns quirs peaux lanutz plumb efteyin bure furmage draps ou autre commoditees de la terre.

3'H. 7. c.8.

6 Y? IRST, That the Staple be removed from Calice 27Ed. 3. Hat.2. ‘ 1/ into England, fo that it be in England the Mon- <=■ '•

‘ day next after the Feaft of the Epiphany at the fur- 2 74ii ‘ theft : (z) And that it be holden in the Places con-c tained in the Statutes of the Staple, made in the feven ‘ and twentieth Year of the King’s Grandfather that c now is, and in none other Place. (3) And that the ‘ faid Statute be firmly and furely holden, and duly * executed in all Points, with the Additions under-‘ written, notwithftanding any Declaration or Statute ‘ made fince to the contrary, that is to fay, That every Altered-fey ‘ Perfon Alien,'of what Degree or Condition that he4H-4. c, 15.

‘ be, that bringeth any Merchandife into England,

‘ (hall find fufficient Sureties before the Cuftomers, in ‘ the Port where’ the Merchandife (hall be brought, to ‘ buy other Merchandife, to the Value of half the faid ‘ Merchandifes fo. brought at the leaft, as Woolls,

‘ Leather, Woollfels, Lead, Tin, Butter, Cheefe,Seegrtber c Cloths, or other Commodities of the Laird.’ , *?	^c- 3*

which direct that Alien Merchant's Jkall bef'ow all their-Money on Commodities of the Realm*

CAP. II.

Upon Exchanges by Aliens, other Commodities of the Realm fhall be bought.

I

TEM qe pur chefctin efehaunge qe Terra fait par merchantz a la court de Rome ou aillours qe les ditz merchantz foient fermement & fure-nent liez en la Chancellarie dachater deinz trois noys apres la dite efehaunge faite marchandifes de eftaple come leyns quirs peaux lanutz & plumb ou ■fteyin bure.furmage draps ou autres commoditees le la terre a la value de la fomme iflint efehaunge ur forfaiture dycelle.

ITEM, That for every Exchange-that (hall be made by Merchants to the Court .of Rome, or elfewhere, ' that the; faid Merchants be .firmly and furely bound in the Chancery, to buy within three Months after the faid Exchange made, Merchandifes of the Staple, as Woolls, Leather, Woollfels, Lead or Tin, Butter, or Cheefe, Cloths, or other Commodities of the Land, to the Value of the Sum fo exchanged, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame.’

See ii H. 4. c. 8. 9 H. 5. * c. 9.

containing farther Provifons concerning Ex~ changesi

■ r	CAP.	III.

Officers of the Staple fhall be firfb fworn to the King, and then to the Staple.

* Add fat. z•

*.

ip j es * I

pi* I id

eip

it?

u-

[TEM qen chefcun lieu k port ou leftaple ferra les mairs coneftables brogours & toutz autres officers k 27Ed. 3. Hat. z, miniftres de leftaple foient jurreZ-primerement au Roi k puis a leftaple;	c'	23-

C A 'P. IV. •	1

Of whom Denizens may buy Woolls, and where ; but they fhall not regrate them.

[TEM pur meutz garder lehaut pris des leyns qe null deinzein en Engleterre nachate Ieynes forfqe de les n.;p, 2I j,c. j, pofTeffours des berbitz & des difmes finoun en leftaple etqe null deinzein regrate leyns nautres merchan- <=■ iS. ifes de leftaple ert prive nen appert fur peyne de forfaire la value de la chofe regrate k qs les juftices de la ees en paiis eient poair denquere & enquergent de temps en temps de tielx regratours Engley's &'de les oifes de leftaple k les puniflent par la peyne avamdite. Et qe null homme Engleysnathate afcune leynS de ulli forfqe pur lui mefmes pur fon oeps demefne comede vendre a leftaple &pur faife drap.

C A P. V.

No Denizen fhall tranfport any Merchandife of the Staple forth of the Realm.

'TEM qe null deinzein amefne Ieynes quirs . peaux lanutz ne plumb hors del RoialmedEn-eterie as parties dela fur-peyne de forfeiture dy-llemesfoulcmnt eftrangers,

4

‘ TTEM, That no Denizen carry Woolls,-;Leather, 0 Bi V JL Woollfels, nor Lead out of thp.^eglm, af Ent-‘ land, to the. 'Parties' beyond- the j5?a,- upon Pain of 27 EH. 3. fiat. s. ‘ Forfeiture of- thefarne, but only-StAhgers;’	c-3-

C A P.

399

A. D. 1390. Anno dccimo quarto Richardi II.	C.	12.

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond. dc Cantebr’ outre lcs Seignurs aflignez en cert par-lement et qe lcs eftretes des ditzjuftices foient dou-blez et lune partie delivere par les ditzjuftices al vifcont puf lever les deniers' ent fourdantz et cnt paier as ditz juftices et a lour clerks lour gages par ■ la mayn du dit vifcont par endenture entre eux cnt affaire etqe les vifcontz eient allouance en lour ac-Compt en lefcheqer par mefme lendenture et qe null Due Count Baron ou Baneret tout loient ils aftig-nei juftices de la pees et tiegnent lour feffions ovefqe les autres oept juftices ne preignent gages purle dit office. Et qe les juftices qe tiegnent lour feffions mettent lour nouns et le noun de lour clerk enfemblerrient ove le nombre des jours de lour feffions au fyn qe les vifcontz purront favoir a qi paier gages et a qi noun et les Barons de lefcheqer a qi allower et a qi noun ct qe les fealx foient faitz pur les fervantz et baillez cn garde dafeun prod homme du paiis folonc le purpofte de le dit eftatut de Cantebr’ le quell eftatut ove la modification dicell faite al darrein parlement enfemblement ove leftatutz de poys et mefures et toutz autres eftatutz et bones ordinances faitz avant ces heures et nient repellez le Roy voet qils foient tenuz ct gardez et mys en due execution.

4 of Canterbury, befides the Lords affigned in this Par-‘ lilment: (2) And that the Eftreats of the faid Ju- Tlle Jutti«s 4 ftices be doubled, and the one Part delivered by the ‘ faid Juftices to the Sheriff’, to levy the Money there- e ou c'

4 of riling, and thereof pay to the Juftices * their * Add and their 4 Wages by the Hand .of the faid Sheriff by Indenture Cterti.

4 betwixt them thereof to be made; (3) and that the ‘ Sheriffs have Allowance in their Accompt in the Ex-‘ chequer by the fame Indenture : (4) And that no what Juftices ‘ Duke, Earl, Baron, or Baneret, albeit they be af- allowe<1 ‘ figned Juftices of the Peace, and hold their Sefiions n0 ' aaes'

‘ with the other Eight Juftices, fhall take any Wages 4 for the faid Office. (5) And that the Juftices f put tbJr%ifots ^ 4 their Names J in the lame Eftreats, 'together with the I'kiland'ibc 4 Number of the Days of their Seffions, to the Intent Names of their 4 that the Sheriff's may know to whom to pay the Wa- Clerks,

4 ges, and to whom not; and the Barons of the Ex-4 chequer, to whom to allow, and to whom not: (6)

4 And that the Seals be made for the Servants, and de-'A Scal for Ser-4 livered to the keeping off fome good Man of the van‘5, „

4 Country, after the Purport of the faid Statute of Can- If,'1' * ’ ‘ 4 terbury, (7) which Statute, with the Modification 4 of the fame made at the laft Parliament, and the Sta-4 tute of Weights and Meafures, and all other good 4 Statutes and Ordinances made heretofore, and not 4 repealed, fihaH be holden and kept, and put in due 4 Execution.’

CAP. XII.

The Value of Scottijh Money of feveral Sorts.

ITEM qe la grote de la monoye dEfcoce courge en value tantfoulement de deux deniers Engleys & la dimy grote dEfcoce en value dun denier Engleys h le denier dEfcoce en value dun maill Engleis et le mail dEfcoce en value dun ferthyng Engleys et ft la monoye dEfcoce foit empeire qe la value ent foit abregge folonc lafferant. Et qe cornmiffions foient faitz parmy le Roialme denquerre de ceux qont porte ou envoie la monoic dEngleterre en Efcoce pur y faire bulliqn ou monoie dEfcoce en prejudice et damage du Roi et du Roialme.	•

REX vicecomiti Kane’ falutem. Precipimus tibi firmiter injungentes quod quedam ftatuta et ordina-tiones per nos de affcnfu Magnatum et Communitatiim regni noftri Anglic*** Memoranda this is left imperfeSl on the Roll.

'Statutes 7nade at Weftminfter, Anno 15 Rich. II. and Anno Dorn,

1391.

Ex Ret. in Titrr. Lond. ?n. 7.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemayn des almes lan du regne noftre Seignur le P.oi RiCHAfeD fecond puis le conquer! quinzifme. noftre dit Seignur le Roi de lafient de fon dit parlement ad ordeine et effabli certeines chofes cn la fourtne qenfuit.

44 Tj N the Parliament holden at TVeJlminJler, the 44 R Morrow after All-Souls, the fifteenth Year of' 44 ^ the Reign of King Richard the Second after 44 the Conqueft, our faid Lord the King by the Aflent 44 of the faid Parliament hath ordained and eftablifhed 44 certain Things in the Form following.”

C A P. ' I.

A Confirmation of all former good Statutes not repealed.

EN primes qe toutz les bones eftatutz et ordei- 4 nances devant ces heures faitz et nient repel* 4 lez foient fermement tenuz ct gardez.	*

FIRST, that all good Statutes-and Ordinances made before this Time, and not repealed, be firmly holden and kept.’

CAP.

^OO C. 2, 3,

Anno decimo quinto Richardi II.'

A. D. 1391

CAP. II.

The Duty of Juftices of Peace when any forcible Entry is made into Lands..

Former Statutes concerning forcible Entries and Riots con-iirmed.

Krl. 41.

3 Bulftr. 71, i\Iod. Cafes in Law 65.

TEM it is accorded and aflented, That the Or-

__ dinances and Statutes, made and not repealed, of

‘ them that make Entries with ftrong Hand into Lands ‘ and Tenements, or other Pofleffions whatfoever, and ‘ them hold with Force, and alfo of thofe that make ‘ Infurredtions, or great Ridings, Riots, Routs, or ‘ AflemMies, in Dilturbance of the Peace, or of the

*	Common Law, or in affray of the People, lhall be 4 holden and kept, and fuliy executed; (2) joined to 4 the fame, That at all Times that fuch forcible Entry 4 lhall be made, and Complaint thereof cortieth to the 4 Juftices of Peace, or to any of them, that the fame 4 Juftices or Juftice take fufficient Power of the Coun-

*	ty, and go to the Place where fuch Force is made; (3)

4 and if they find any that hold fuch' Place forcibly *■ after fuch Entry made, they (hall betaken and put ‘ in the next Gaol, there to abide convi£t by the Ke-

<	cord of the'fame Juftices or Juftice, until they have ‘ made Fine and Ranfom to the King: (4) And that ‘ all the People of the County, as well the Sheriffs as « other, {hall be: attendant upon the' fame Juftices to ‘ go and affift the fame Juftices to arreft 'fuch Offen-‘ ders, upon Pain of Imprifonment, and to make Fine

<	to the King. (5) And in the fame Manner it fhall « he done of them that make fuch forcible Entries in <■ Benefices or Offices of holy Church.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM accordez eft et affentuz qe leftatutz et or-deinances faitz et'nient repellez de ceux qe font entrees a forte mayn en terres et tenementz ou au-tres pofleffions queconqes et lour tiegnent einz ove force et auxint de ceux que font infurrections ou grantz chivaches rioutes routes ou affemblees en deftourbance de la pees ou de la commune ley ouen affray du poeple foient tenuz et gardez et pleyne-ment executz ajoufte a ycelles qe a toutz les foitz qe tielx forcibles entrees foient faitz et pleint en veigne a juftices de la pees ou a afeun de eux qe mefmes les juftices ou- juftice preignent ou preigne poair fufficeant du counte et voifent ou voife al lieu ou tie! force foit fait et fils troevent ou troeve afeuns qe tiegnent tiel lieu forciblement apres' tie] entree fait foient pris et mys en profeheine gaole a y demurer convi£l par record de mefmes les juftices ou juftice tanq ils eient fait, fyn et ranceon au Roy et qe toutz gentz du counte fibien vifeont come autres foient entendantz as ditz juftices pur aler et en-forcier mefmes les juftices pur arefter tielx malfe-fours fur peine demprifonement et de faire fyn au Roy. Et en mefme le manere foit fait de ceux qe font tielx forcibles entrees en benefices ou offices

de feint efglife.

jR.j. flat. 1. r. 8.

Enforced and

emended by 4 H. 4. c. 8,	8H.6.0.9,	13	H,	8.	r.	14,	See	31	Elias.	c.il.	-which	explains	SII. 6. c. 9. And fee 11 Jac. 1. c, 15. 'which enables Juftices tegive

Rejlituiim if: certain Cafes,

CAP. III.

In what Places the Admiral’s Jurifdiction doth lie.

13 Co. 42, 52. 1 Roll. 316.

Oyer 159.

29 H. 6. 67. 5 Co. 106. Cro. Car. 296, .2 Bull!. 323.

t c’ph'' Cafe, M, 1 Jac.

Point?. et In!t. 137. Owen lit.

It is Portes in the Old Abridgement.

44 T TEM, At the great and grievous Complaint of 44 X all the Comriions'made to'our Lord the King in 44 this prefent Parliament, for that the Admirals and 44 their Deputies do incroach to them divers Jurifdic-44 tions, Franchifes, and many other Profits pertain-44 ing to our Lord the King, and to other Lords, Ci-44 ties, and Boroughs, other than they were wont or 14 ought to have of Right, to the great Oppreffion and 44 Impoverifhment of all the Commons of the Land, 44 and Hindrance and Lofs of the King’s Profits, and 44 of many other Lords, Cities, and Boroughs through 44 the Realm;” 4 (2) it is declared, ordained, and 4 eftablilhed, That of all Manner of Contrails, Pleas, 4 and Quarrels, and all other Things rifing within the 4 Bodies of the Counties, as well by Land as by Wa-4 ter, and alfo of Wreck of the Sea, the Admiral’s 4 Court fhall have no Manner of Cognizance, Power, 4 nor Jurifdiition; but all fuch Manner of Contrails, 4 Pleas, and Quarrels, and all other Things rifing 4 within the Bodies of Counties, as well by Land as 4 by Water, as afore, and alfo Wreck of the Sea, fhall 4 be tried, determined, difeufted, and remedied by the 4 Laws of the Land, and not before nor by the Ad-4 miral, nor his Lieutenant in any wife. (3) Never-4 thelefs, of the Death of a Man, and of a M.,ihem 4 done in great Ships, being and hovering in the main 4 Stream of great Rivers, only beneath the Bridges of 4 the fame Rivers nigh to the Sea, and in none other 4 Places of the fame Rivers, the Admiral lhall have 4 Cognizance, and alfo to arreft Ships in the great 4 Flotes for the great Voyages of the King and of the

ITEM a la grant et grevoufe compleint de tout la commune fait a noftre Seignur le Roi en cell prefent parlement de ce qe les Admiralx et lour de-putees accrochent a eux diverfes jurifdidlions fran-chifes et plufours autres profitz qe appartiegnent a noftre Seignur le Roi et as autres Seignurs citees et burghs autres qils ne foloient ne ne deveroient avoir de droit a trefgrant oppreffion et empoveriflement de toute la commune de la terre et arreriflementet perde des profitz noftre Seignur le Roy et de plufours autres Seignurs citees et burghs parmyleRoi-alme declarez eft ordeignez et eftabli qe de toutes maneres contraftz plees et querelles et dc toutes autres chofes faitz ou fourdantz deinz les corps des countees fibien par terre come par eawe et auffint de wrek de meer la court de ladmirall eit nulle manere conillance poair ne jurifdidlion mes foient toutz tielx maneres contraries plees et quereles et toutes autres chofes fourdantz deinz les corps des-countees fibien par terre come par eawe come defuis et auxint wrek de meer triez terminez difcus et re-mediez par les loyes de la terre et nemye devant ne par ladmirakne fon lieutenant en nulle manere. Nientmeyns de mort de homrne et de maheym faitz es grofles niefs efteantz &hoverantz en my le haut fil fes grofles rivers tantfoulement paraval les pountz ;de mefmes les rivres pluis profeheins al meer Si en nul autre lieu de mefmes les rivers eit ladmiral 00-niflance Si auxint dareft des niefs en les grantz fletz pur grantz viages du Roi & de Roialme fauvant au Roi toutz maneres forfaitures Si profitz ent prov-’-

nantz

4, S» 4°i

A. D. 1391. Anno decimo quin to R i cid a rd i If.

Ex Rot. in Titir. Lond. nantz Et eit enfement jurifditHoii fut les dites fletz durantz les dites viages tantfoulerriefit Sauvant tout-dis as Seignurs citees b burghs Jour libertecs & franchifes.

Realm; laving always to the Kilig all Manner of Forfeitures and Profits thereof coming ; (4.) And he fhall have alfo Jurifdiclion upon the faid Flotes, dii-thc faid Voyages Only, faving always to the Lords, Ral3,

and Boroughs their Liberties and Franchifes.’ 2'	*«

Cities

See 2 li. 4. c. 11. •whirl) gives Reiticdy to hhn who is wrong fully fued in the CcUrt of Admiralty j and farther 8 Elia.

CAP. IV.

. 5. and i fP\ £? HE fjf 2% c. 2,

There fhall be but eight Bufhels of Corn ftriked to the Quarter.

ITEM come ordeigne foit par diverfes eftatutz qune mefure de blee vin & cervoife foit parmy le Roialme & qe oept buffffx rafez facent un quar-tre de blee nientmeins a caufe qe nulle peyne eft fur ce ordeine en les ditz eftatutz plufours gentz de diverfes citees burghs villes & marchces ne voillent prendre nachatre en les ditz citees burghs villes & marchees naillours finoun noef buffelx pur le quar-tre& fils ne les purront achatre en del manere ils la-reftent come forfait a trefgrant damage & oppreffion de tout la commune poeple b overtement encontre leftatutz fuifditz ordeignez eft b affentuz qe les ditz eftatutz foient fermemerit gardez & tenuz fibien en la citee deLoundres come aillours parmy le Roialme & fibien par ewe come par terre nient contreftcant afeune ufage avant ees heures a contraire. Et qe null defore'enavant achate eh la dite Citee de Loun-dres naillours nulle manere blee ou brees ftnoun oept buffelx pur le quartre folonc le purport des ditz e-ftatutz fur peine de forfaire tout leblee ou brees if-fint achate fauvantla dite' forfeiture au Roi forfpris franchifes roiales as queux le Roi a cefte foitz ad

frante yc'elle forfeiture de fa grace & qe fibien les dair b Vifcountz de Londrcs come les mairs & baillifs dautres citees burghs villes b marchees fils ne facent ent pleine b due execution encourgent autielc peine fibien au fuite du Roi come de partie b dautre queconqe qe vorra fuir pur le Roi.

44 T TEM, Whereas it is ordained by divers Statutes, 9 tl- 3. flat. t„ 44 X that one Meafure of Corn, Wine and Ale fboUld c- *5*

44 be throughout the Realm, and that eight Bufheis 44 ftriked make the Quarter of Corn ; (2) neverthelefs,

44 be'caufe that no Pain is thereupon ordained in the faid “ Statutes, divers People of divers Cities, Borouyhs,

44 Towns, and Markets, will not take, neither buy in 44 the faid Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Markets, ne in 44 none other Place, but nine Bufhels for the Quarter;

“ (3) and if they cannot buy in that Manner, they 44 arreft it as forfeit, to the great Damage and Oppref-“ fion of all the People, and manifeftly againft the 44 Statutes aforefaid‘ (4) it is ordained and affent-‘ ed, That the faid Statutes {hall be firmly kept and ‘ holden, as well in the City of London, as in every ‘ other Place throughout the Realm, and that as well 4 by Water as by Land, notwithftanding any Ufage in 1	5>

*	l imes paft to the contrary. (5) And that none from ‘ henceforth do buy in the City of London, not in other ‘ Place, any Manner of Corn or Malt, but after eight

*	Bufhels for the Quarter, according to the Purport of ‘ the faid Statutes, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all the ‘ Corn or Malt fo bought; faving to the King the faid ‘ Forfeiture, except Franchifes Royal, to Whom the 4 King at this Time of his fpdcial Grace hath granted 4 the fame Forfeiture *; (6) and that as well the Mayor * Al!‘i °f ih 4 and Sheriffs of London, as the Mayors and Bailiffs oiGracc'

4 other Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Markets (if 4 they do not thereof full and due Execution) fhall in-4 cur like Pain, as Well at the Suit of the King, as of 4 the Party, or of any othe'r Pe'rfon that will fue for the „ ,

See farther concerning Weights and Mcafures iz H. 7. c. 5.	16	Car.	i. c. ig. and 22 Car. 2. c%

CAP. V,

Affurance of Lands to certain Places, Perfons, and Ufes, fhall be adjudged Mortmain.

ITEM come contenuz foit en leftatut de P.eligi-oufes qe null religious nautre queconqe achate ire vende ou fouz colour de doun ou terme ou dautre title queconqe dafeun refeeive ou dafeun en afeune manere par art ou par engyn a lay face ap-proprier afeunes terres ou tenementz fur forfeiture dycelles par quoi les ditz terres b tenementz purront en afeune inane re devenir a mort mayn. Et qe fiafeun religious ou afeun autre veigne encontre le dit eftafut par art ou par engyn en afeune ma-nere bieri life au Roi b as autres Seignurs les ditz I terres & tenementz entrer ficomc en le dit eftatut eft contenuz plus au plein. Et ore de novell par fotile ymagination & par art & engyn afeuns gentz de religion parfons vikers & autres perfones efpiri-tiels font entrez en diverfes terres b tenementz ad-joignantz a lour efglife & dycelles par fuffrance & afTent de tenantz out fait cimiters & par bulks del You. I.

44 ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Statute 7 Ed. i. flat.

“ J, De rdigiofis, That no Religious, nor other what-

44 foever he be, do buy or fell, :or under Colour of

44 Gift, or Term, or any other Manner of Tidewhat-

44 foever, receive of any Man; or in any Manner by

44 Gift or Engine eauie to he appropriated unto him

44 any Lands or Tenements, upon Pain of Forfeiture

44 of the feme, whereby the faid Lands and Tenements

44 in any Manner might come to Mortmain. (2) And

44 if any Religious, Or arny other, do againft the faid Tt is within the

44 Statute by Art or Engine in any Manner, that it st°”ft*rs0ff the

44 be lawful to the King, and to other Lords, upon the Mortmain to

“ faid Lands and Tenements to enter, as in the faid convert any

“ Statute doth more fully appear. (3) And now ofmndtoa

44 late by fubtile Imagination, and by Art, and Engine, church-yard,

44 feme religious Perfons, Parfons, Vicars, and other 44 Spiritual Perfons, have entered in divers Lands and 44 Tenements, which be adjoining to their Churches,

F f f	44	and

402 C. 6.

Anno decimo quinto Richardi II. A.D. 1392

Mortmain where <c Tome he feifeci c of Lands to the c Ufe of religious c or foiritual Per- , tins;

Mortmain to purchafe Lands to Gilds, Fraternities, Offices, Commonalties,

and of the fame, by Sufferance and Aflent of the Tenants, have made Church-yards, and by Bulls of the Bifhop of Rome have dedicated and hallowed the fame, and in them do make continually Parochial Burying without Licence of the King and of the chief Lords;” 1 therefore it is declared in this Parliament, That it is manifeftly within the Compafs of the faid Statute. (4) And moreover it is agreed and aflented, That all they that be polfelfed by Feoffment, or by other Manner, to the Ufe of religious People, or other fpiritual Perfons, of Lands and Tenements, Fees, Advowfons, or any Manner other Pofleffions whatfoever, to amortife them, and whereof the faid religious and fpiritual Perfons take the Profits, that betwixt this and the Feaft of St. Michael next coming, they fhall caufe them to be amortifed by the Licence of the King and of the Lords, or elfe that they fhall fell and aliene them to fome other Ufe between this and the faid Feaft, upon Pain to be forfeited to the King, and to the Lords, according to the Form of the faid Statute of Religious, as Lands purchafed by religious People: (5) And that from henceforth no fuch Purchafe be made, fo that fuch religious or other fpiritual Perfons take thereof the Profits, as afore is faid, upon Pain aforefaid. (6) And that the fame Statute extend and be obferved of all Lands, Tenements, Fees, Advowfons, and other Pofleffions, purchafed, or to be purchafed to the Ufe of Gilds or Fraternities. (7) And moreover it isaf-fented, bccaufe Mayors, Bailiffs, and Commons of Cities, Boroughs, and other Towns which have a perpetual Commonalty, and others which have Offices perpetual, be as perpetual as People of Religion, that from henceforth they fhall not purchafe to them, and' to their Commons or Office, upon Pain contained in the faid Statute De religiojis. (8)

Mortmain in ' tained in the faid Statute De religiofis. (8) And refpeft of taking c whereas others be pofTeffed, or hereafter fhall pur-of Lands in ufe, ‘ chafe to their Ufe, and they thereof take the Profits,

S H. 4. . 15.	<	jt ^aj[ ke jone jn jjjjg Manner as is afore faid of Peo-

Ih.'I L. X. ‘ pie of Religion.’

*.36.	13	lid.p. flat. r. e. 32. Add Ed. l.fat. 1. c. 3. r8 Ed. ^.fat. 3. c. 3. 23H. Z. c. to. 6Geo.2.c.3& See farther 1 & 2 P. & Al. e. S»'

39 EiiX. c.. 3. 21 Jac. Z. c. I. 13 tf 14. Car. 2.	12.	7	S i/r. 3. c. 37. and r) Gee. c. ~6. refraining Gifts in Alortmain by Will,

Ex Rot. in Durr. Lond. appoftoill les ont fait dedier Sc facrer & fepulture parochiele font continuelment en ycelles fanz licence du Roi Sc des chiefs Seignurs declare eft en ceft prefent parlement qe ce eft overtement en cas du ait eftatut. Et enoutre accordez eft Sc affentuz qe toutz ceux qe font poffeffionez par feoffement ou par autre voie al oeps de gentz de religion ou autres perfones efpiritiels desterres tenementz fees advoe-fons ou autres pofleffions queconqes pur les amor-tifer Sc dont les ditz religioufes Sc perfones efpiritiels preignent les profitz qe parentre cy & le feft de Seint Michel prolchein venantils les facenteftre amortifez par licence du Roi & des Seignurs ou au-trement qils les vendent Sc alienent a autre oeps parentre cy & le dit feft fur peine deftre forfaitz au Roi Sc as Seignurs folonc la fourme de leftatut de religious come tenementz purchafez par gentz de religion Sc qe de ceft temps enavant null tiel pur-chace fe face iffint qe tielx religioufes on autres perfones efpiritiels ent preignent les profitz come defuis fur la peine avauntdite. Et mefme ceft eftatut fextende Sc foit tenuz de toutz terres Sc tenementz fees advoefons Sc autres pofleffions purcha-cez Sc a purchafers al oeps des gildes Sc fraternitees. Et enoutre eft afientuz pur ce qe mairs baillifs & communes de citees burghs Sc autres villes qont commune perpetuel Sc autres qont offices perpe-tuels font auffi perpetuels come gentz de religion qe de ceft temps enavaunt ils ne purchacent a eux Sc a lour commune ou office fur la peine contenue en le dit eftatut de religioufes. Et de ce qe autres-font pofleffionez ou ferra purchacez en temps ave--nir a lour oeps Sc ils ent preignent ou prendront les profitz foit femblablement fait come devaunt eft-dit de gentz de religion.

CAP. VI.

In Appropriation of Benefices there fhall be Provifion made for the Poor and the Vicar.

Confirmed by << |T£ M, Becaufe divers Damages and Hindrances «HH+6CfIS' C< * oftentimes have happened, and daily do happen Vinw. 495.20’ “ to the Pariftiioners of divers Places, by the Appro-tf H.7. f. 13.	“	priation of Benefices of the fame Places4 (2) it

toH. 7, f. j9, ‘ is agreed and aflented, That in every Licence from 6 1I’ 1 henceforth to be. made in the Chancery, of the Ap-hco.c 'I5’ 1 propriation of any ParifhChurch, it fhall be expreily Uro. j'ao ;j6. ‘ contained and comprifed, 1 hat the Diocefan of the 2Roll 99,100, ‘ Place,, upon the Appropriation of fuch Churches, ‘ fhall ordain, according to the Value of fuch Churches, ‘ a convenient Sum of Money to be paid and diftri-* huted yearly of the Fruits and Prohts of the fame ‘ Churches, by thofe that {hall have the faid Churches in proper Ufe, and by their Succeflors, to the poor ‘ Parifhioners of the faid Churches, in Aid of their ‘ Living and Suftenance for ever; (3) and alfo that 4 th« Vicar be well and fufficicntly endowed,.’

ITEM pur ce qe plufours damages Sc defeafes font fovent avenuz& aveignent de jour err autre as parochiens de diverfes lieux par lappropriation des benefices de mefmes les lieux accordez eft & affentuz qen chefcune licence defore a faire en la Chauncellarie dappropriation dafeune el'glife paror chielle foit expreflement contenuz & compris qe le diocefan del lieu en lappropriation de tielx efglifes ordeine folonc la value de tielx efglifes une covenar hie fomme dargent deftre paiez Sc diftributz annu-elment-des fruitz Sc profitz de mefmes les efglifes par ceux qaveront les dites efglifes en propre oeps & par lourfucceflours as povres parochiens des dites efglifes en eide de lour vivre & fuftenance a toutz jours & qe le viker foit auxint bien Sc covenable-ment dowez.

€ A Pi

A. D. 1391* Anno decimo quinto Richardi II.

C. 7—II. 403

CAP. VII.

Armour, Corn, or Victual may be carried to Berwick.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come ordeine foit par leftatut fait lan du regne noftre Seignour le Roi feptifme qe delors ena-vaunt nulle perfone aliene ou denzeine de queconqe condition ou eftate qil foit amefneroit ou envoieroit ou ferroit envoier ou arqefner par terre ou par meer hors du Roialme dEngleterre as afcunes parties dEfcocc en prive nen appert afcune manere darmure de blee de brees ne dautre vitail ou dautre refrefhement que-ccnqe fur peine deforfaiture de mefmes les vitailles armures & de autres chofes avauntdites enfemble ovefqe ]es niefs veffeulx charettes ou chivalx qe les porteroient ou amefneroient ou de la verrai value dicelle. Sur a'oi noftre Seignour le Roi a la requeft des communes Sc de lavys Sc affent des Seignurs ad declare en ccft parlement le dit eftatut en tielle manere qil neftoit pas fa entent au temps de la confection du dit eftatut ne unqore eft qe ceux qont amefnez ou envoiez ou defore enavaunt amefneront ou envoieront vitailles ou autres merchandifes ala ville de Berewyk fur Twede qeft la ville du Roi & de fa ligeance encourgent la peine du dit eftatut ne ne foient tenuz de paier cuftumes Sc fubfides grauntez au Roi des merchandifes qe font ou fer-ront amefnez hors du Roialme.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ceux qe amefnent afcunes draps vitailles ou autres merchandifes hors de la dite ville de Berewyk as afcunes parties efteantz del amifte du Roi paient les fubfides cuftumes Si autres devoirs ent dues & fils lamefment as afcunes parties del enemifte du Roy encourgent la peine del dit eftatut.

CAP. VIII.

St. 7R.i.

c. 10. * explained. Avd fee 4 Jac. 1. c. v« which repeals the 7 R.z.

• Read c, iC*

A Repeal of the Statute of 14 Rich. 2. c. 7. touching the carrying of Tin forth out of the

Realm at Dartmouth only.

ITEM come ordeigne fuift en darrein parlement qe le paffage defteyn hors du Roialme foit el port dc Rep.n jac. 1.

Dertemuth & null part aillours Accordez eft qe la dite ordeignance foit adnullez. Et qe parentre cy & le c. 28. fell de Seint Johan le Baptiftre profehein venant toutz merchantz denzeins & alienes foient a large de charger efteyn es niefs Sc autres veffeulx pur amefner hors du Roialme en quelqe port qils vorront eflire deinz le Roialme Sc a quele part qils vorront. Et apres le dit feft repeirent a Caleis pur le temps qe la repaire des leines y ferra paiantz toutdys les cuftumes fubfides Sc devoirs ent dues avaunt le paffage del efteyn avauntdit.

C A P. IX.

The Mayor of the Staple-lhall take Recognizances for Debts, according to the Statute of 27

Edw. 3. Stat. 2. cap. 9.

ITEM come contenu foit en leftatut de leftaple au fyn qe les contraries faitz deinz leftaple foient la meultz tenuz Sc les paiementz preftement faitz qe chefcun mair de leftaple eit poair de prendre-reconi-fances des dettes qe homme voudra faire devaunt lui en prefence des coneftables de leftaple ou lun deux et qen chefcun des dites eftaples foit un feal ordeine demurant en la garde du dit mair iouth les fealx des ditz coneftables Accordez eft Sc aflentuz qe le dit eftatut foit fermement tenuz & gardez & qe nul mair de leftaple preigne ou refeeive afcune reconiffance de dette encontre la fourme du dit eftatut fur peine de paier au Roi la moite de la fomme devaunt lui reconifle.

CAP. X.

None fhall buy Guilford Cloths before they be fulled and manufactured as they ought to be.

ITEM a la pleinte de la commune fait cn parlement de ce qe dauncie.n temps eftoient plufours craps faitz Rep. 5 !: $ en la ville de Gildeford Sc aillours en les countces de Surr’ Sufl'ex & Suth’ appellez draps dc Gildeford E<i- '■ 6. qe feurent de bone fefure & de bon value & porterent grant noun & ore par caufe qe fullers Sc autres de mefmc le paiis ufent dachater les draps des ditz paiis avant qils foient fullez & parfaitz & en-!our fefure par covetife davoir les ditz draps degreindre mefure outre la commune aflife qe jadys eftoit ufee traihent ycelles draps plus longes & plus larges qeftre ne foloient ou-deveroient a grant febleffe & err.peircmentde mefmes les draps & trefgrant'defceit du poeple Accordez eft S: aflentuz pur efehuir tielx damages Sc de-ceites en temps avenir qe defore enavaunt null fuller nautre perfone queconqe achate deinz les ditz ville & countees afeun drap avant qe mefme le drap foit fullez & pleinement parfait en fa nature Sc enlcalle defouz le feal a ce ordeine fur peine de forfaiture dicelle.

CAP. XI.

Girdlers may work their Girdles with white Metal.

ITEM accordez eft Sc aflentuz qc toutz les ceinturers du Rqialme qe feurent ceilftures garnifez de blank Rep. , jac.'i.] metal purront overer ufer Sc continuer lour dite meftiere ceftaffavoir de garniler les ceintures de blank r. 25.

F f f 2	metall

404 C. X2.

A. D. i$gi

Anno deciirio-quiato Richardi II.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

metall come nuncienement foioient nient contrefteant afcunes chartres ou patentes grauntez as afcunes eein-turcrs a eontrair Et qe fi afeunes chartres ou patentes foient faitz au eontraire qils foient voides & de nulle force.

CAP. XII.

No Man fhaU be compelled to anfwer for his Freehold before the Council of any Lord.

44 T TEM, At the grievous Complaint of the Cqrn-44 * mens, made in full Parliament, for that divers of 44 t’qe King’s Subje&s be caufed to come before^the. “ Council or divers Lords and Ladie_s, to anfwer for “• their Freehold, and fo for divers other Things, real 4,1 and perfonal, that ought to be ordered by the Law “• of the Land, againft the Eftate and the Right of our 44 Lord the King and of his Crown, and in, defeating “ of the Common Law j” 4 (2) it is agreed and af-1 fented, That from henceforth none of the King’s 4 Subjects be compelled, neither by any Mean cqn-r ‘ ftrained, to come nor- to appear before the Council 4 of any ] ord or Lady, to anfwer for his Freehold, nor 4 for any Thing touching his Freehold, nor for any 4 other Thing real or perfonal, that belongeth to-the-4 L,aw of the Land.in any Manner. (3) And if any 4 find himfelf grieved in Time, to come, contraiy to 4 this Ordinance and Agreement, he may complain to S- H, 3. «• 22- 4 the Chancellor for the time being, and he {hall give Confined, by 4 him Remedy.’

3.6 R. 2. c. 2.	1

which "'mss Forfeiture of 20 /. on Breach by compiling Tenants, ©V. Re gilt. 171.

I TEA! a la grevoufe. compleint des Communes -fait au plein parlement de ce qe plufours liges du Roi font faitz. venir devaunt le§ confeilx de di-vqrfes Seignurs & Dames a y refpondre de lour frank tenement & de plufours autres chofes reales-& perfoneles, qe deveroient eftre demefnez. par la ley de la terre encontre leftat Si droit de noftre-Seignur le Roi & de fa corone & en defefance de la commune ley Accordez eft & afientuz qe null lige du Roi defore enavant foit artez compellez neeon-ftreint par nulle voie de venir ne dapparoir devaunt le confeill dafeun Seignur ou dame pur y refpondre de fon frank tenement ne de chofe qe touche frank tenement ne de nulle autre chofe reale ou perfonele qappartient a la ley de la terre en afeune manere. Et fi afcun fe fent grevez en. temps avenir encontre cefte ordeinance & accorde fue al Ch'aunceller q{; ferra pur-le temps &. il enferra remede.

TJ.EX vicecomiti Lincolh’ falutem. Quedam ftatuta & ordinationes per nos in ultimo parliamento no--j£\. ftro apud Weftm’ tento de afienfu Alagnatum & Communitatis regui noftri Anglie nobjsin eodem parliament aflrftentiiim faiSfa tibi in forma literarum patentium mittimus fub figillo noftro preeipientes firmi--ter injungendo quod ftatuta & ordinationes prediefta in pleijo comitatu tuo ac civitatibus burgis villis merca-, toriis & aliis locis infra ballivara tuam «bi melius-expedire videris publice proelamari & teneri facias juxta tenorem corundem...	f

T. R. apud Weftm’ primo die Februar’l -

Statutes, made, at: Winchefter* Anno 16 Rich. II... and Anno Dorn,*.

1392...

14 /\UR Lord the King, Richard the Second “IS after the Conqueft, at his Parliament holden 44	at	Winchejier	in	the	Utas	of	St.	Hillary,	the-

44 Sixteenth,Year of his Reign, hath ordained and fta-44 blifhed, by the Afient of his Parliament* certain 44 Things.in the Form following.”

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond Am, 6..

O STRE Seignur le Roi Richard fecond -puis le conqueft- a fon parlement tenuz a Wynceftr’ en les oeptaves de Seint Hiller -lan de foil regne fefzifme ad ordeine. & eftabli.cer-teines chofes de laffent. de fon- dit parlement en la fourmc qenfuit. .

CAP. I..

9 "Ed. 3. flat, c. I,

4lnft. z65.

A'l Merchants Aliens and Denis us- may freely bay and fell within the Realm,

25 Ed. 3. flat. 4* c.i*

Menh’-nts may fell* their. Wares in grofa or by. pauel.

No Merchant Stranger fhall buy or fell with another-Merchant Stranger to fell again.; .

PRimerement come par eftatut fait a Evervvyk lan du regne del Aid noftre Seignur le Roi noefifme or-^ deine fuift it eftabli qe toutz marchantz aliens & denzeins & toutz autres & checun- de .eux de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qe achater ou vendre voillont bledz vins avoir du-pois char pelTon.& toutz autres vivres &; vitails draps leines merces mcrchandifes Si toutz autres chofes vendables de quelle part qils vie-gnent par foreins ou par denzeins a quell lieu qe ce foit foit il en cite burgh ville port du meer feire marche ou autre lieu deinz mefme le Roialme deinz franchife et dehors les puifi'ent franchement & fanz deftotirber vendre a qi qe lour pleft fibien as foreins come .a denzeins forpris les enemys noftre Seignur le Roi et de fon Roialme. Et puis par un autre eftatut fait lan du dit Aid vint et quint ordeine fuift et accorde qe le dit eftatut fait le dit an noefifme ferroit tenuz gardez et maintenuz en-touz pointz. Et outre eeo qe checun marchant et autre de quelle condition qil ferroit auxibien alien come denzein qe amefneroit vins chares pef-fons ou autre manere des vitailles draps peaux ou avoir du pois 011 queconqes autres inerces ou mcrchandifes ala Cite du Londies. ou. as autres citees burghs et bones viiles'dEngleterre ou port du meer les purroit

franchement

A. D. 1392, Anno decimo fexto Richardi II.	C. 2—4,'	405

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

franchement et fanz chalange ou empefchement de nully vendre en groos ou a retaill'e ou par parcelles a fa volume as queconqes gentz qi les voudront achater nient contrefteantz afcuns franchifes grante ou cuftume ufe ou qucconqe autre manere chofe fait a contraire et ce faunz deftourbance ou impediment dafeuny fur cer-teines peines contenuz en leftatutz fufditz.-s Et apres lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi unzifme eftoit aux- *i R. 2. c. 7> ■ int ordeine et eftablie par eftatut fait mefme lan qe les deux eftatutz fuifditz ferroient tenuz gardez et main-tenuz et pleinement executz en toutz pointz et articles dicelles Nientcontreefieant afeun eftatut ordinance ebartre lettre patente franchifes proclamation mandementz ufages allouance ou juggement fait ou ufez a contraire Sicome en les ditz eftatutz ell contenuz pluis auplein. Nientmeyns pur ceo qil femble a noftre No Merchant' Seignur le Roy qe leftatutz fufditz fils foient plenerenient tenuz & executz feftendent en grant arrerifement Stranger (hall & damage fibien de la dite Cite de Londres come des autres citees burghs Sc villes du Roialme ordeinez eft Ml any Mcr-& aftentuz qe null eftrange marchant alien ne vende ne achate ne marchande deinz !e Roialme ovefqe autre chandifes by eftrange marchant alien pur revendrene qe null eftrange marchant alien vende a retaille deinz le Roialme ne viituais Ut rre trenche a vendre nulles maners merces ne merchandifes forfpris vivres & vitailles. Et qe toutz aliens No win'cs/hall vendent auxint vins par velTelx entiers St efpicerie par veffelx St bales entiers St nemye en autre manere St qe be carried forth null manere efpicerie apres qi! foit porte en le Roialme foit amefne hors de mefme Je Roialme par alien neor’the Realm; par denzein fur peine de forfeiture dicelle. ■ Et enoutre le Roi voet qe leftatutz fuifditz foient en toutz lour ”°rsa”^“anner autres articles & pointz fermement tenuz & gardez.	Repeatedly

3,Car. 1, c. 4. f. 27. as to Spicery, only. See farther -5 H. 4 vc. 9. and 6H. 4* c. 4. putting Merchant Strangers under Ref ridf lorn, See HLewife J 2 //. •j,c, trtKernlng. Merchant Adventurers%

C A P. li;

The Forfeiture of him that compelled! any Perfon toanfwer for his Freehold.

ITEM come el darrein parlement accordez eftoit . it aftentuz qe null lige du Roi delors en avant ferroit artez compellez ne conftreint par null voie de venir ne dapparoir devaunt le confeill dafeun Seignur ou Dame pur y refpondre de fon franc tenement ne de.chofe qi touche frank tenementz ne de nulle autre chofe reale ou perfonele qappartient a:la ley; de la terre en aucun manere fifcome par lellatut ent fait pluis pleinement appiert-accordes eft & aftentuz qe le dit eftatut foit fermement terms is gardez Sc qe fi. afeun Seignur ou Dame ou autre liege du Roi face alencontre encourge la peine de.vint livres devers noftre Seignur le Roy.

“ TTEM, Whereas at the laft Parliament it was ac- A Confirmation “ J. corded and aflented, That none of the King’s the statute “ liege People from henceforth ftrould be bound, com- ® wit2' a “ pelled, nor conftrained by any Means, to come nor penalty on the “ to appear before any Lord’s or Lady’s Council, there offenders.

“ to anfwer of his Freehold; nor of Things which “ touch Freeholds, nor of any other Thing real nor perfonal, which belongeth to the Law of the Land “ in any wife, as by the Statute thereof made more “ fully appeareth 5” 4 (2) it is accorded and aflented,

4 ‘That the faid Statute {hall be firmly holden and kept;

4 (3) and if any Lord or Lady, or other of the King’s ■

4 liege People do to the contrary, they fliali incur the 4 Pain of xx I. to the King.’	£2 P:3'c'

**•	Regift. 171. .

cap: hi:.

The-Clerk of the Market fliali carry with him all his Weights and Meafures figned.

ITEM ordeinez eft St aftentuz qe toutz lespoys’ ic mefures parmy-le Roialme foient accordantz adeftandard de lefcheqer folonc la fourme de leftatutz ent faitz. Et enoutre le Roi voet qe le clerc del mar-che eit tout fes mefures & poifes darefme . accordantz a leftandard de lefcheqer & fig-nez &' merchez del figne de lefcheqer a ce ordeine et mef-mes les poifes et mefures iffint fignez et merchez carie et amefne ovefqe luy a toutz Ies-foitz qil ferra laflay de poifes et mefures afeune part deinz le Roi-: alme et qil- ne null autre lige du Roi ufe null autre mefure ne pois fur les peines contenuz en leftatutz en faitz devant ces heures.

4' ITEM it is ordained and aflented, That all the 4 JL Weights and Meafures through the Realm fhall 4 be according to the Standard of the Exchequer, after 4 the Purport of the Statutes thereof made. (2) And 4 the King willeth, That the Clerk of the Market 4 fhall have all his’Meafures and-Weights ready * ac- * Of Brsiis.-4‘ cording to th6 Standard of the Exchequer, and Sign-c" ed and Marked of the Sign of the Exchequer there-‘ unto ordainfd ; (3) and the fame Weights and Mea-‘ fures fo-figned and marked, to carry'^and bring with 4 him at all Times, when he fhall make the Allay of 4 Weights and Meafures in any Part within' the Realm ; •

4	(4) and that he; nor any other of the'King’s liege

5	People, fhall ufe any other Meafure nor Weight, 9 H. 3. (hi. 7.

4 upon the Pains contained in the Statutes thereof madec- *5-

’ before this Time.’ ’	14	Ed. 3. flat. 1.

c. n;

34-Ed, 3. c. r, .St! farther concerning ff'eigbts and Meafuret 11H. 7. -c. 4- uf/. 7. c, 5.	16	Car.	1.	c.	:o.	.22	Car.	2,	c.	8.	21CS1 3 Car. 1. e, i-j. and 1 jintti

fiat. 1. c. 35!

c a p. iv;

Who only may wear another’s Li very.-'

I TEM accordez eft & aftentuz qe null yoman ne null autre de meindre eftat qe efiquier defore en avant ne Rtr, 3 Car. j; • . ufe ne porte null livere appelle livere de compaignie dafeun Seignur deinz le Roialme fi] ne foit meignal <;• 4, tyc St familier continuelment demurant en loftell de fon dit- Seignur & qe juftices de la pe.es eient poair den-■guerre de ceux qe font alencontre St de les punir folonc lour, diferetion. .

3 i	C.A Pa

!

406 C. 5.

Anno decimo fexto Richardi II.

A. D. 1392

C A P. V.

Praemunire for purchafing Bulls from Rome. The Crown of England fubjeft to none.

I l.coii. 292. )Z Co. 37, 40.

“ T TEM, Whereas the Commons of the Realm in “ JL this prefent Parliament have fhewed to our re-

The Remedy to recover Preferments to Benefices in the KLog’s Court, and the Execution thereof, is done by the Bi-lhoj>.

doubted Lord the King, grievoufly complaining, “ That whereas our faid Lord the ! -ing, and all “ his liege People, ought of Right, and of old Time “ were wont to fue in the King’s Court, to recover “ their Prefentments to Churches, Prebends, and other u Benefices of holy Church, to the which they had “ Right to prefent, the Cognifance of Plea of which “ Prefentment belongcth only to the King’s Court of “ the old Right of his Crown, ufed and approved in “ the Time of all his Progenitors Kings of England-, “ (2) and when Judgement fhall be given in the fame “ Court upon fuch a Plea and Prefentment, the Arch-“ bifhops, Bifhops, and other Spiritual Perfons which “ have Inflitution of fuch Benefices within their Jurif-“ didfion, be bound, and have made Execution of fuch “ Judgements by the King’s Commandments of all the “ Time aforefaid without Interruption (for another “ Lay-perfon cannot make fuch Execution) and alfo “ be bound of Right to make Execution of many other “ of the King’s Commandments, of which Right the “ Crown of England hath been peaceably feifed, as “ well in the Time of our faid Lord the King that “ now is, as in the Time of all his Progenitors till this u Day : (3) But now of late divers Procefles be made by the Bifhop of Rome, and Cenfures of Excommunication upon certain Bifhops of England, becaufe they have made Execution of fuch Commandments, to the open Difherifon of the faid Crown, and De-ftiuAion of* our faid Lord the King, his Law, and all his Realm, if Remedy be not provided. (4I And alfo it is faid, and a common Clamour is made, that the faid Bifhop of Rome hath ordained and purpofed to tranflate fome Prelates of the fame Realm, fome out of the Realm, and fome from one Bifhoprick into another within the fame Realm, without the King’s Aflent and Knowledge, and without the Aflent of the Prelates, which fo fhall be tranflated, which Prelates be much profitable and necefi'ary to our faid Lord the King, and to all his Realm ; (5) by which Tranflations (if they fhould be fuffered) “ the Statutes of the Realm fhould be defeated and “ made void ; and his faid Liege Sages of his Coun-“ cil, without his Afi'ent, and again ft his Will, car-“ ried away and gotten out of his Realm, and the “ Subfiance and Treafure of the Realm fhall be car-“ ried away, and fo the Realm deflitute as well of “ Council as of Subftance, to the final Dclrrudlion of The Freedom of “ ’the fame Realm ; (6) and fo the Crown of England,

The Pope a-	c{

warded Procef fes and Sentences cc of Excommuni- cc cation a gain ft certain Bi/hops for executing	cc

Judgements	^

given in the	<c

King’s Court.	u

The Pope's	u

Tranflationof	c<

Prelates out of the Realm, or	C(

from one fpiritual Living to	C(

another.

25 Ed. 3. flat. 6. c< de Provif,	,,

the Crown ot England, and that it is in Sub-jt£Lon to no Realm.

The Promifc cf ti c. Cornn cr.s << to aflill the King in Dcfent* cf the Libertiva of

Crown.

which hath been fo free at all Times, that it hath been in no earthly Subjection, but immediately fubjeiSl to God in all Things touching the Rcgalty of the fame Crown, and to none other, fhould be fubmitted to the Pope, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm by him defeated and avi ided at his Wifi, in perpetual DeflruSion of the Soveraignty of the King our Lord, his Crown, his Rc-galty,* and of all his Realm, which God defend.

“ il. And moreover, the Commons aforefaid fay. That the faid Things fo attempted be clearly againfl the King’s Crown and his Rcgalty, ufed and ap-

• Add the P. 1'g»lity of%

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come les communes du Roialme en ceft prefent parlement eient monflrez a nofire tref-redoute Seignur le Roi grevoufement compleig-nantz qe par la ou mefme nofire Seignur le Roi et toutz fes liges deivent de droit et foloient de tout temps purfeuer en la Courte mefme nofire Seignur le Roi pur recoverer lour prefentementz as efglifes prebendes et autres benefices de feinte efglife as queux ils ount droit a prefenterla conifance de plee de quelle prefente appertient foulement a Courte mefme noftre Seignur le Roi daunciene droit de fa coroune ufe et approve en temps de touzTes pro-genitours Rois dEngleterre et qant juggement foit rendu en mefme fa Courte fur tiel plee et prefente les Ercevefques Evefques et autres perfones fpiri-tueles qount inftitution de tiele benefice deinz lour jurifdi£lion font tenuz et ont fait execution des tieux juggementz par mandement des Rois de tout le temps avantdit fanz interruption qare autre lay perfone ne poet tiele execution faire et auxint font tenuz de droit de faire execution de plufours autres mandementz noftre Seignur le Roi de quele droit la corone dEngleterre ad efte peifiblement feify fibien en temps noftre dit Seignur le Roi come en temps de touz fes progenitours tanqe enca Mes ore tarde diverfes procefles font faitz par le feint piere le Pape et cenfures defcomengementz fur certeins Evefques dEngleterre pur ceo qils ount fait execution des tieux mandementz en overte defheritance de la dite corone et deflru£lion du regalie noftre dit Seignur le Roy fa ley et tout fon Roialme ft reme-die ne foit mys. Et auxint dit eft et commune clamour y ad qe le dit feint piere le Pape ad or-deigne et purpofe de tranflatcr aucuns Prelates de mefme le Roialme afeuns hors du Roialme et aucuns de un Evefchee a autre deinz mefme le Roi-almo faunz aflent et conifance noftre Seignur le Roy et faunz aflent du Prelat qi enfy ferroit tranflate queux Prelatz font moult profitables et necef-faries a noftre dit Seignur le Roi et tout fon Roialme par queux tranflations fils fufent fufertz les eftatutz du Roiaume ferront defaitz et anientez et fes fages lieges de fon confeill fanz fon aflent et encountre fa voluntee fubtrez et efloignez hors de fon roiaume et lavoir et trefore du roiaume ferroit emporte etenfi mefme le roiaume deftitut fibien de counfeill come davoir a final deftruftion de mefme le Roialme et enfy la.corone dEngleterre qad efte ft frank de tout temps qele nad hien null terrien foveraigne mes immediate fubgit a Dieu en toutes choles touchantz la regalie de mefme la corone et a null autre ferroit fubmys a Pape et les leys et eftatutz du Roialme par luy defaitz et anientez a fa volente en pcrpetuele deftrutftion de la foveraynte noftre Seignur le Roy fa corone et fa regalie et tout fon Roialme qe Dieu defende.

Et difoient outre les communes avantdites qe les dites choles enfi attemptez fount overtement encountre la corone noftre Seignur le Roi ct fa rega-

lie

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. lie ufc et approve du temps du touz fes progeni-tours par quoy ils et touz les lieges communes du rneftne le Roialme veullant eftere ovec noftre dit Seignur le Roi & fa ditc corone & fa regalie en les cafes avauntdites & en touz autres cafes attemptez encountreluy fa corone & fa regalie en toutz pointz a vivre Sc murer. Et priercnt outre a nollre Seignur le Roi & luy requiftrent par voy de Juflice qil vorroit examiner touz les Seignurs en parle-ment fibien fpiritueles come temporcles fevcral-ment Sc touz les eftatz du parlement comcnt lour femble des cafes avauntditz qe fount li overtement encountre la corone noftre Seignur le Roy Sc en derogation de fa regalie Sc coment ils voillent eftere en mefmes les cafes ovefqe noftre Seignur le Roy en fuftenance des droitz de fes ditz corone & regalie. Sur quoy les Seignurs temporclx enfi de-mandez ount refpondu-' checun par l'oy qe mefmes les cafes avantdites font oVertement en derogation de la corone noftre Seignur le Roy & de fa regalie come notoirement eft Sc ad efte de tout temps co-nuz Sc qe ils veullent eftre ovec mefmes les corone Sc regalie en mefmes ceftes cafes en efpecial Sc en touz autres cafes qe ferront attemptez encountre mefmes les corone & regalie en toutz pointz- ove tout lour poair. Et outre ce demandez eftoit des Seignurs efpirituels illeqes efteantz & des procurators des autres abfentz de lour eftre avys & vo-lente en ceux cafes queux Seignurs ceftaffavoir Er-cevefques Evefques & autres Prelates efteantz en le dit parlement leveralinent examinez fefantz pro-teftations qil neft pas lour entention de dire lie af-fermer qe noftre Seint Piere le Pape ne poet exco-menger Evefques ne quil poet faire tranflations des Prelatz folonc la ley dc Seinte efglife refpoignent Sc diount qe ft aucunes executions des proceftes faitz en la Courte du Roi come devaunt foient faitz par afeuny & cenfures de efcomengementz foient faitz encountre afeun Evefque dEngfeterre ou afeun autre liege du Roi pur cc qil.s ount fait execution des tieux maundementz & qe ft aucuns executions des tieux tranflations foient faitz dafeuns Prelatz de mefme le Roialme queux Seignurs fount moult profitables & neceflairs a noftre dit Seignur le Roi & a fon roiaume fuifdit ou qe fes fages lieges de fon counfeil faunz fon aflent & encountre fa volunte foient fuftretz & efloimez hors du Roialme fiqe lavoir & trefor du Roialme purroit eftre deftruit qe ce eft encountre le Roi & fa corone ficome eft con-tenuz en la petition avant nome. Et femblable-ment les ditz procuratours chefcun par l'oy examine fur le ditz matieres ount refpondu & dit en noun & pur lour Seignurs come les ditz Evefques ount dit & refpondu Sc qe les ditz Seignurs efpiri-tueles veullent & deivent eftere ovefqe le Roi noftre Seignur en ceux cafes loialment en fuftenance de fa corone & en toutz autres cafes to-chantz fa corone & regalie come ils fount tenuz par lour ligeance Sur quoy noftre dit Seignur le Roi del aflent avauntdit & a la priere de fa dit com-munalte ad ordeigne & eftablie qe ft afeun pur-chace ou purfue ou face purchacer ou purfuer en la courte de Rome ou aillours afeuns tieux tranflations proceftes Sc fentences de efcomengementz bulles inftruinentz ou autre chofe queconqe qe touche le Roi noftre Seignur encountre luy fa corone & regalie cu fon Roialme come devant eft dit & ceux qe les porte deinz 1c Roialme ou les refeeive ou face tnt notification. ou|autre execution queconqe de-

“ proved of the Time of all his Progenitors ; where-“ fore they and all the Liege Commons of the fame “ Realm will ftand with our faid Lord the King, and “ his faid Crown, and his Regalty, in the Cafes afore-“ faid, and in all other Cafes attempted againft him,

“ his Crown, and his Regalty in all Points, to live “ and to die. (2) And moreover they pray the King,

“ and him require by Way of Juftice, that he would “ examine all the Lords in the Parliament, as well “ Spiritual as Temporal feverally, and all the States . -“ of the Parliament, how they think of the Cafes “ aforefaid, which be fo openly againft the King’s “ Crown, and in Derogation of his Regalty, and how “ they will ftand in the fame Cafes with oar Lord the “ King, in upholding the Rights of the faid Crown “ and Regalty. (3) Whereupon the Lords Tempo-The like Pro-“ ral fo demanded, have anfwered everyone by him- yi'leofUie “ felf, that the Cafes aforefaid be clearly in Deroga- or s empora * “ tion of the King’s Crown, and of his Regalty, as it “ is well known, and hath been of a * long Time * Always.

“ known, and that they will be with the fame Crown “ and Regalty in thefe Cafes fpecially, and in all other “ Cafes which fliall be attempted againft the fame “ Crown and Regalty in all Points, with all their “ Power. (4) And moreover it was demanded of the “ Lords Spiritual there being, and the Procurators of “ others being abfent, their Advice and Will in all “ thefe Cafes ; which Lords, that is to fay, the Arch-“ bifhops, Bifhops, and other Prelates, being in the “ faid Parliament feverally examined, making rrotefta-“ tions, that it is not their Mind to f deny, nor affirm, f Say.-“ that the Biftiop of Rome may not excommunicate “ Bifhops, nor that he may make Tranflation of Pre-“ lates after the Law of holy Church, anfwered and “ faid. That if any Executions of Proceftes made in “ the King’s Court as before be made by any, and “ Cenfures of Excommunications to be made againft “ any Bifhops of England, or any other of the King’s “ Liege People, for that they have made Execution “ of l’uch Commandments ; and that if any Execu- The Promife^of “ tions of fuch Tranflations he made of any Prelates t!)e I'ords ?P’-' “ of the fame Realm, which Prelates be very profitable „t°u' 'n„s “ and neceflary to our faid-Lord the King, and to Petition™01”

{t his faid Realm, or that the fage People of his Coun-“ cil, without his Aflent, and againft his Will, be re—

“ moved and carried cut of the Realm, fo that the “ Subftance and Treafure of the Realm may be con-“ fumed, that the lame is againft the King and his “ Crown, as it is contained in the Petition before ,,c named. (5) And likewife the fame Procurators, TI,S P^omifc of “ everyone by himfelf examined upon the faid Mat-^roJ:ur'’tors “ ters, have anfwered and faid in the Name, and for % E ®

“ their Lords, as the faid Bilhops have faid and an- atfent,3 “ fwered, and that the faid Lords Spiritual will and “ ought to be with the King in thefe Cafes in law-“ fully maintaining of his Crown,- and in all other “ Cafes touching his Crown and his Regalty, as they “ be bound by their Ligeance ‘ (6) whereupon our ‘ faid Lord' the King, b-y the Aflent aforefaid, and at ‘ the Requeft of his faid Commons, hath ordained and ‘ eftabliftied. That if any purchafe or purfue, or caufe Pramurure for -‘ to be purehafed- or purfued in the Court of Rome, or r,,rchaf:ns °f ‘ elfewhere, by any fuch Tranflations, Procefles, and in&tmimis"

‘ Sentences of Excommunications, Bulls, Inftrumentci fru^Rome, or ‘ or any other Things whatfoever which touch the elfewhere. c King, againft him, his Crown, and his Regalty, 27 ‘ or his Realm, as is aforefaid, and they which bring ‘ within the Realm, or them receive, or make thereof1 Ed‘ 2'cf g®*

* Notification, or any other Execution whatfoever £ ^.i. a. f. 3’,.

within;;

408 C. 6.

See 5 El. c, i.

for the Penalty

cf maintaining the Authority of Rome, and I 3 EL c. 2. agah.fi •bringing 6ul!sy &c. from Rome*

Regift. jud. 82 Co. p!a. 435. -Raft..*4. 463.

In a Pardon of Murder, Treason, or Rape, the Offence ftiall be comprifed.

A Confirmation of the firft Part of the Statute of 13 R. 2. ftat. 2. c. 1, nnd a Repeal of the latter Part thereof#

Anno decimo fexto Rich ardi II. A. D. 1392.

4 wilhin the fame Realm or without, that they, their 4 Notaries, Procurators, Maintainers, Abettors, Fau-

4	tors, and Counfellors, fball be put out of the King’s

5	Protedlion, (7) and their Lands and Tenements, 4 Goods and Chatties, forfeit to our Lord the King ; 4 (8) and that they be attached by their'Bodies, if they 4 may be found, and brought before the King and his 4 Council, there to anfwer to the Cafes aforelaid, (9) 4 or that Procefs be made againll them by Pramunire 4 facias, in Manner as it is ordained in other Statutes 4 of Provifors, (10) and other which do fue in any 4 other Court in Derogation of the Regalty of our Lord 4 the King.’

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond. inz mefmele Roialme ou dehors foient ils lour no-tairs procuratours meintenours abbettours fautours et confeillours mys hors de la prote&ion noftre dit Seignur le Roy et lours terres et tenementz biens et chatieux forfaitz au Roy noftre Seignur et ails foient attachez par lour corps fils purront eftre trovez et amefnez devaunt le R.oy et fon confeil pur y refpondre es cafes avauntditz ou qe procefie foit fait devers eux par premunire facias en manere come eft ordeigne en autres eftatutz des provifours et autres qui feuent en autry courte en derogation de la regalie noftre Seignur le Roy.

C A P. VI.

A Repeal of the Part of the Statute of 13 A. 2. Slat. 2. c. 1. touching his Forfeiture that ob-

taineth a Pardon.

44 T 'TEM, Whereas in an Article of a Statute made 44 A in the Parliament holden at Weflminfter, the 44 Monday next after the Feaft of St. Hillary, the 44 Thirteenth Year of the Reign that now is, it was 44 ordained and granted. That no Charter of Pardon 44 from thence Ihould be allowed before any Juftices 44 for Murder, Death of a Man flain by Await, Af-44 fault, or Malice prepenfed, Treafon, or Rape of a 44 Woman, if it were not fpecified in the fame Char-44 ter. (2) And if any Charter of the Death of Man 44 were alledged before any Juftices, in which Charter 44 was not fpecified, that he of whofe Death any 44 fuch was arraigned, was murthered, or flain by 44 Await, Aftault, or Malice prepenfed, the Juftices 44 Ihould inquire, by a good Inqueft of the Vifne 44 where the dead Perfon was flain, if he were mur-44 dered or flain by Await, Aftault, or Malice pre-44 penfed; ar.d if they Ihould find that be was mur-44 dered or flain by Await, Aftault, or Malice pre-44 penfed, the Charter Ihould be difallowed, and more-44 over done as the Lav/ Ihould require;” 4 which 4 Things our Lord the King doth will and grant, that 4 they Ihall be firmly holden and kept. (3) And 4 moreover, by the Afient of the Lords in this prefent 4 Parliament, and at the Prayer of the Commons, he 4 hath ordained and granted. That the Refidue of the 4 faid Article Ihall be wholly out, repealed, and ad-4 nulled ; that is to fay. If any fue to the King,’ idc. [to the End of cap. 1.} 4 (8) becaufe that the laid Com-‘ mons of the Realm fithence have perceived great 4 Grievance of this Ordinance aforefaid, for that ma-4 ny People for Malice have indidred divers Perfons of ■* Murder, Death of a Man flain by Await, Aftault, ‘ and Malice prepenfed, and Treafon, where in Truth 4 there was no fuch Caufe, to the Intent that no Man c Ihould be bold to fue to the King our Lord for fuch * Charter.’

ITEM come en un article dun eftatut fait a par-lementtenuz a Weftm’ Lunedy prochein apres le fell de Seint Hiller lan xiii. noftre Seignur leRoy qore eft ordeigne fuift et graunte qe nulle chartre de pardon delors ferroit allowe devaunt queconques Juftices pur murdre mort de homme occys par agaite aflaut ou malice prepenfe trefon ou rape de femme ft mefme le murdre ou mort de homme occys par agait aflaute o.u malice prepenfe trefon ou rape de femme ne feuflent efpecifiez en mefme la chartre et ft chartre de mort de homme feufte a* legge devaunt queconqes Juftices en quelle chartre ne feufte efpecifiez qe celuy de qi mort afeune tiel feufte arrene feufte murdre ou occys par agait af-faut au malice prepenfe enquergeroient les J ullices par bone enquefte del vifne ou le mort feuft occys fil feuft murdre ou occys par agaite aflaut ou malice prepenfe et fils troeverent qil feuft murdre ou occys par agaite aflaut ou malice prepenfe ft-rroit la chartre difallowe et outre fait folonc ceo qe la ley demaunderoit les queux chofes noftre Seignur le Roi voet et grante qils foient fermetnent tenuz et gardez. Et outre de laftent des Seignurs en cell prefent parlement et a la prier de fa dit commu-nalte ad ordeigne et graunte qe le remenant du dit article foit de tout oulle repelle et adnulle ceftafla-voire Qe ft afeun prieroit au Roy Sic. ad.Jhiem cap. 1. pur ceo qe la dite communalte du Roialme puis en cea ount fentu moult grant grevance del ordinance avauntdite a caufe qe plufours gentz par malice ount endite diverfes perfonnes de murdre mort de homme occys par agait aflaut Si malice prepenfe & trefon ou en verite le cas ne feuft pas tiel a fyn qe null homme ofereit prier a noftre Seignur le Roy pur tiele chartre.

BEX vicecomiti Kane’ falutem. Quoddam ftatutum in parliamento noftro apud Wynton’ in odlabis fancti Hillarii ultimo preteritis convocato de aflenfu Prelatorum Magnatum SiCommunitatis regni noftri Anglic ibidem exillentium ad communem utilitatem populi ejufdem regni editum tibi mittimus figillo noftro confignatum mandantes quod ftatutum prediftum ac omnes & lingulos articulos in eodem contentos infra ballivam tuam in locis ubi melius expedire videris legi & publice proclamari ac quantum ad te pcrtinct ■inviolabiliter obfervari facias. T. R. apud Weftm’ primo die Mail.

Per ipfum Regem,

Confimilia brevia cliriguntur fmgi/lis vicecomitibus per Angliam ac ‘Johanni Duci Aquiiame id Lancafric id ejus

Canccllaria in ditto ducatu Lancafric fub cadem data,

Per ipfum Regcm.

Statute1

A. D. 1393. Anno decimo feptimo R 1 c h'a r d r II. G. r, 2t 409

Statutes made at Weftminfler, Anno 17 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

x393-

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond. tn.

CES font les chofes ordeignez & eftabliz par noftre Seignur !e Roi a ion parlement a Weftm’ al quinzeine de feint Hiller lan de fon regne dys & feptifme par alient du dit parle-ment les quelles il voet & comande qils foient fer-mement tenuz & gardez folonc la purport dicelles.

THESE be the Things ordained and eftablifh-ed by our Lord the King at his Parliament holden at IVeJlminJler the fifteenth Day of St. Hillary, the feventeen h Year of his Reign, by the Aftent of the faid Parliament, which he doth will and command, that they fhall be firmly holden and kept after the Purport of the fame.”

CAP. I.

There fhall be no melting of Money to make any Thing thereof. Foreign Money fhall not be

current.

PRimerement qe come ordeigne fuift par le noble Roi Edward Aiel noftre Seignur le Roi lan de fon regne difme qe null efterlyng mail ne fer-lyng foit foundu pur veil'd nautre chofe ent affaire par orfevrc nautrcs fur peine dc forfaiture de monOie foundu &emprifonement del foundour tanqil avera renduz au Roi la moite de ceo qil avera iflint foundu Nientcontrefteant chartre ou franchife grantez ou ufez a contraire accordez eft & aflentuz qe la dite ordinance foit fermement tenuz & gardez. Et enoutre eft ordenez & aflentuz qe nul grote ne di-my grote foit foundu par nully pur veil'd nautre chofe ent affaire fur mefme la peine. Et qe nul monoie dore ne dargent dEfcoce ne des autres ter-res dela la meer courgc en nul manere paiement deinz le Roialme dEngleterre mais foit portez a la bullion pur y cftre tournez en la coigne dEngleterre fur peine de forfaiture dicelle & demprifonement & fyn & raunceon de cely qi face le contraire et qe nul porte nenvoie afcune monoie dEngleterre cn Efcoce pur le chaunger en monoie ou pur monoie dEfcoce fur la peine profcheine avauntdite.

C A

ct TjMRST, Where it was ordained by the noble 9 Ed. 3. fiat.4; “ X1 King Edward, Grandfather to our Lord the c> 3-“ King, the * ninth Year of his Reign, That no Ster-SterlEf,,

“ ling, Half-peny, nor Farthing, fhall be molten for melted for “ Velfel, nor other*Thing thereof to be made by the Veflcl;

“ Goldfmith, nor others, upon Pain of Forfeiture of ’ Tenth.

“ the Money fo molten, and Imprifonment of the “ Founder, till he have yielded to the King the half of “ that which he hath fo molten, notwithftanding any “ Charter or Franchife granted or ufed to the contra-“ ry;” ‘ it is accorded and aflented, That the faid £ Ordinance fhall be firmly holden and kept. And nor Groat nor ‘ moreover it is ordained and aflented, That no Groat hal‘?roat>

‘ nor half Groat fhall be molten by any Man to make 17	>4’c'x*

1 Veflel, or other Thing thereof, upon the fame Pain.

‘ And that no Gold nor Silver of Scotland, nor of other No foreign Coin ‘ Lands beyond the Sea, fhall run in any manner of A1211 bc cun'ent c Payment within the Realm of England, but fhall be in EnE,afid i ‘ brought' to the Bullion,' there to be molten in the ‘ Coin of England, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the c fame, and of Imprifonment, Fine, and Ranfom of ‘ him which doth contrary; and that no Man fhall norExchange | [end ™? EngUJb Money into Scotland to change the fame in Money, or for Scottijb Money, upon the rain t;rh Money.

1 next aforefaid.	Enforced by 19H.

7. c. 5. 13 & 14

P. II.	Gar. 2, c. 31,

Every Perfon may make Cloth of what Length and Breadth he will.

ITEM qe chefcun homme de Roialme purra faire mettre a vent & vendre draps fibien de Karfeys come autres de tie] longure & laeure come luy plerra paiant launage fubfide h autres devoirs ceftaflavoir de chefcune pece de drap folonc lafferant nientcontrefteant afeun eftatut Ordinance proclamation reftreint ou defenfe fait au contraire. Et qe nully vende ne mette a vendre afeuns draps avaunt qils foient aunez par launour du Roi & en-feallez du feal a ceo ordeigne fur les peines conte-nuz en leftatutz ent faitz, Et qe nully mette ne tnelle cauce ne face autre fraude en les draps de Kerfeys fur peine de forfaiture dicelles.

ITEM, That every Man of the Realm may make, 4 H- 4-c- 24>‘ and put to Sale and fell Cloths, as well Kerfeys as others, of fuch Length and Breadth as him pleafe, paying the Aulnage, Subfidy, and other Duties; that is to fay, of every Piece of Cloth after the Rate, notwithftanding any Statute, Ordinance, Proclamation, Reftraint, or Defence made to the contrary. No cloth flail And that none fhall fell or put to Sale any Cloths be- b' fore that they be meafured by the King’s Aulneger, fea!'e<1 b ' and fealed with the Seal to that ordained, upon the Aulneger. Pains contained in the Statutes thereof made. And There (hall be that no Man fhall put, mingle,'caufe *, nor make	ln

other Deceit in the Cloths of Kerfeys, upon Pain of ^b'at.sJ0 be un.

Forfeiture of the fame.’	derftood	by the

Word Cloth, fee 47 Ed. 3. Ci J> Enforced by i j H, 6. c. 9. See 11 & HlV. 3. c, ao. which takes awny Aulnnge Gntics.

* Or mingle caqce.

Ggg

VOL. I.

CAR

c. 3—6

Anno decimo feptimo Richardi II. A. D. 1393.

420

CAP. III.

What Sort of Worfteds may be carried forth of the Realm, and what not.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM qe les marchants & overours de draps appellez fengleworftede purront amefner boltes de fengleworftede as queux parties qe lour plerra forfpris as enemys du Roi paiantz les cuftumes & fubfides ent duez fanz paier les devoirs de Caleys nientcontrefteant afcun eftatut ordenaunce proclamation inhibition lettres maundementz ou chartres libcrtes ufages ou privileges grantez ou a grantiers a les burgeis de Caleys ou a les merchantz de leftaple de Caleys ou afcuns autres faitz ou affairs a contraire & qe les obligations & feurtes prifez devaunt ces heures pur les devoirs.de Caleys foient reftitutz & deliverez. Purveuz touz ,, . , _ foitz qe defoutz colour des ditz boltes de fengleworftede ils namefnent afcuns doubles worftedes ne dimy \el7hfm7ftdz, doubles ne worftedes raiez ne motlez fur peine de forfaiture dicelles.

7 Ed."4, c.j. itH.-j.c.z. $11.2,c.4. 2$H.Z.c.$.	33	II.	8. c. 16. and 13 & 14 Car.i, c, 5.

CAP. IV.

Malt fold to London fhall be cleanfed from the Duft.

C

* Add Hertford. < < < < c c < s

f

l'

<

c

Enforced hy-	C

7f & 3 Ed. 6.	<

c. 10.

ITEM, That the Malt which fhall be made in the Counties of Huntingdon, Cantabridge, * Northampton, and Bedford, that fhall be fold and brought to the City of London, to vi&ual the King’s Houfhold, and other Lords Houfholds, and Gentlemens there dwelling and repairing, and alfo for Suftenanceof all the People of the faid City, fhall be well and fuffi-cicntly fifted, cleanfed, and purified, before the Sale of the fame, from Duft and all other Filth, fo that the Buyers may have eight Bufhels of clean Malt for the Quarter. And that the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Wardens of Towns and Places where fuch Malt fhall be fold, fhall have Power at every Man’s Suit that will complain, to fee and fearcli the faid Malt, and if Default be found thereof, to make due Re-drefs.’

ITEM qe les brees qe ferra fait en les countees de Huntyngdon Cantebr’ Hertf’ North’ & Bed’ qe ferra venduz & amefnez a la Citee de Londres pur vitailler loftiel du Roi & les hoftielx dautres Seignurs & gentils illoeqes demorantz &repeirantz & auxint pur fuftenance de tout le poeple de dite Citee foit bien et covenablement nettez moundez & purifiez devaunt le vent dicell de poudre et de tout autre ordure iflint qe les achatours purront a-voir oept buftelx de pure brees pur le quarter. Et qe les mairs baillifs et gardeins des villes et lieux ou tiel brees ferra venduz eient poair a chefcuny feute qe pleindre fe voudra de-veer et fercher le dit brees et ft defaute foit trove dent faire due redrefleA

See 13 TP. 3. c. 5. •which impofes the Malt Tax; and farther j z Ann. fat- x. c. 2, xGeo. x« fat, 2. c. 2.	6	Geo.	I.	c,	ax,	9	Geo.	X*c. 3. xz Geo, i» c. 4*

a Geo. I« c. 1.	3	Geo. 2, c► 7.	30 Geo, 2* c. 4. and 33,Gco. 2. c. 3. & 7. See likezvlfe the annual Malt AEh,

CAP. v.

A Searcher, Gauger, Aulneger, Cuftomer, fhall have no afliired Effate in his Office;

Dyer 303.

* T ronoar.

I4R. 2. C. TO.

Sec I H.4. c. 13.

4 H. 4. c. 20 (s’z4.	13//.	4.

c. C. 31 H. 6. c. g.

away Jlulr.oge Duties,

ITEM, It is ordained and eftablifhed. That no Searcher, Gauger of Wines, Aulneger, Finder*', nor Weigher of Woolls, or any other Merchandifes,

Collector of Cuftoms and Subfidics whatfoever, or Comptroller, fhall have Eftate in his Office for Term of Life, or of Years ; but that the faid Offices fhall remain in the King’s Hands under the Governance of the Treafurer for the Time being, with the Aftent of the Council, when Need is; and if any Charters or Letters Patents be made to the contrary, they fhall be clearly adr.ulled, void, and of none Effeft.’

1 Elix. c. 11./. 8. j3 El. c. 9. feSl. 5. •which put Cuflomers, &c. under federal Refrifiions.

ITEM ordeignez eft et eftabli qe null fercheour-gaugeour desvins auneour tronourou peifourde leynes ou afcuns autres marchandifes colleflours de cuftumes et fubfides quecunqes ou controllour eit eftat en fon office a terme de vte ou des ans eins qe les ditz offices demurgent es mains du Roi fouz governance del Treforer pur le temps efteant ovefqe lafTent du confeil quant y bofoigne et fi afcuns chartres ou lettres patentes foient faitz au contraire foient outrement voides et de nul effedt.

See likewife J I & 12 W. 3, c, zo. which takes

CAP. VL

Upon an untrue Suggeftion in the Chancery, Damages may be awarded.

" ITEM, Forafmuch as People be compelled' to “ I. come before the King’s Council, or in the Chan-“ eery by Writs grounded upon untrue Suggeftions;” ‘ that the Chancellor for the Time being, prefently af-‘ ter that fuch Suggeftions be duly found and proved ‘ untrue, fhall have Power to oraain and award Da-Cyi^ H.6. c.4. < mages according to his Difcretion, to him which is fo 7c fJrZft.u ‘ troubled unduly, as afore is faid.’

Surety found to jatify Defendant his Damages, if Bill not verified. 4 Inft,

ITEM qe qantgentz font faitz venir devaunt le counfeil du Roi ou en la Chancellarie par briefs founduz fur fuggeftions nient vrais qele Chanceller pur le temps efteant maintenant apres qe tielx fuggeftions font duement trovez et provez nient verita-bles eit poair dordeigner et agarder damages folonc fa difcretion a celuy qeft iifint travaillez noun duement come defuis.

C A P.

Anno decimo feptimo R1 c h a r d 1 II.

C. 7—9.	411

CAP. VII.

All the King’s Subje&s may carry Corn out of the Realm when they will.

Ex Roi. in Ttirr. Lond.

ITE M le Roi a la requeft des Communes a luy fait en ceft prefent parlement ad graunte licence a touz fes ILp. i t.

liges dc fon Roialme dEngleterre de fkipper & amefner bleds hors de dit Roialmeas queux parties qe lour plerra horfpris as enemys paiantz les fubfides & devoirs ent ducz nientcontrefteant afcune ordinance proclamation ou defenfe fait devaunt ces hcurcs a contraire Nientmeins ils voet qe fon conlcil purra reftreindre le dit pafiage quant lour femblera bofoignablc pur profit de Roialme.

CAP. VIII.

The Sheriffs, and all other the King’s Officers, fhall fupprefs Rioters, and imprifon them, and

all other offending againft the Peace.

ITEM comentqa parlement tenuz a Weftm’lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft quint pur ceo qe villeins etautres meffefours tard devaunt reverent par aflemblees et outrageoufe nombre en divcrfes parties de Roialme encontre ladignitee noftre Seignur le Roi et fa corone et les Teies de fa terre defendu fuift par noftre Seignur le Roi eftroi-tement a touz maners des gentz qe nul delors ferroit ou recomenceroit tielx riot ou rumour nautres femblables et fi nully le ferroit et ceo prove due-ment ferroit fait de luy come de traitour au Roi et fon Roialme Nientmeins grevoufe pleint fuift fait a noftre dit Seignur le Roi en ceft prefent parlement qe diverfes gentz nient eiantz confideration adit defenfe fibien en les countees de Ceftre Lancaftre et aillours en Engleterre ont faitz tielx aftemblees en outrageoufe nombre pur accomplir lour malice encontre la pees noftre Seignur le Roi fa corone et fa dignite et les leies de fa terre par quoi noftre Seignur le Roi en ceft prefent parlement ad defendu a toilz fes lieges fibien Seignurs come autres de que-cunqe eftat qils foient qe null face tielx aflemblees riot ou rumour encontre la pees en nul manere et fi afcun tiel aflemble foit comenceant a pluis toft qe vifcontz et autres miniftres le Roi poerit ent avoir coniflance ove la force du countee et pais ou tiel cas aviegne mettent deftourbance encontre tiel malice ove tout lour poair et preignent tielx mcffe-fours et les mettent en prifone tanqe due execution de leie foit fait de eux & qe touz Seignurs & autres liges du Roialme foient entendantz & aidantz de tout lour force & poair as vifcontz & miniftres a-vauntditz en tiel cas.

ITEM, Whereas at the Parliament holden at JVeJlmbifter, the * Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King that now is; forafmuch as Villaines and other Offenders of late have rifen by Aflemblies and outrageous Number in divers Parties of the Realm, againft the King’s Dignity and his Crown, and the Laws of his Land; it was ftraintly defended by the King to all Manner of People, That none from henceforth fliould make, or begin again fuch Riot or Rumour, nor other like; and if any Man did, and that duly proved, he fhould be taken as a Tray tor to the King and his Realm. Neverthe-lefs a grievous Complaint was made to our Sovereign Lord the King in this prefent Parliament, That di-verfe People not having Confideration to the faid Defence, as well in the Counties of Che/ier, Lancaftcr, and elfewhcre in England, have made fuch Afi’em-blies in outragious Manner, to accomplifh their Malice againft the King’s Peace, his Crown, his Dignity, and the Laws of his Land ‘ Wherefore our Sovereign Lord the King in this prefent Parliament hath defended to all the liege People, as well Lords as other, of whatfoever Eftate that they be, that none fhall make fuch Aflemblies, Riot, or Rumour againft the Peace in no wife; and if any fuch Affem-bly be begun as foon as the Sheriffs and other the King’s Minifters may thereof have Knowledge, they with the Strength of the County and Country, where fuch Cafe fhall happen, fhall fet Difturbance againft fuch Malice with all their Power, and fhall take fuch Offenders, and them put in Prifon, till due Execution of the Law be of them made, and that all Lords and other liege People of the Realm, fhall be attending f with all their Strength and Power to the Sheriff's and Minifters aforefaid.’

5. fiat.J. c. 8 & 9. ji ff.7, t.7. iqH.j. r.J3. 21II. 8. c. 20.	3	£?	4 r.). 6. c. 5. 1 Mar. fcJJ'. 2. c. 12.	7.27.	c.	16,	andiGco.i.

which left Abl certain Kindi of Rials are made Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Enforced he 13 H. 4. c. 7. Hale H.P.Ci 1 Vol. 496,

* Fifth.

f Add and aid-inf.’

See farther I IF flat. 2. c. 5- ay

CAP. IX.

Juftices of Peace fhall be Confervatofs of the Statutes made touching Salmons.

ITEM come contcnu foit en leftatut de Weftm’ feepnde qe falmofeux ne foient prifez ne de-ftruitz par rees ne par autres engines a leftankes de molyns de dimy April tanqe la Nativite de feint Johan le Baptiftre fur certeine peine limite en mef-me leftatut. Etcome par eftatut fait lan trefzime noftre Seignur le Roi qore eft ordeigne fuift qe le dit eftatut de Weftm’ feconde ferroit fermement tenuz &gardez ajoufte a icell qe falmofeux ne fuffent prifez A leftankes des molyns naillours fur inefrne la

cc ITEM, Where it is contained in the Statute of 13 Ed.	s. fa" 11

“ JL Wejlminjler the Second, that young Salmons fhall c- 47-	^	.

“ not be taken nor deftroyed by Nets, or by other En- '3 R- i' a'1 ' “ gines, at the Stanks of Mills, from the Midft of c‘I9’

“ April till the Nativity of St. 'John the Bapiijl, upon.

“ a certain Pain limited in the fame Statute: And “ whereas by a Statute madethexiii Year of the King “ that now is, it was ordained, That the faid Statute “ of TVeJlminJler the Second fhould he firmly holden and “ kept, (2) joyning to the fame. That young Salmons G g g a	"	fhould

4i2 C. 9..

Anno decimo feptimo Richardi II. A. D. 1393.

Stalkers nor other Nets (hall be ufed 10 destroy the Fry or Breed of Fifli,

The Juflices of Peace /hall be Conferva tors of the Statute of 3 3 Ed. 3, flat, I. ^47*

Un^er Confer-vators appointed by the Jcftrcec,

fhould not be taken at the Mills, Stanks, or elfe-where, upon the fame Pain : And that no Fifher nor Garthman, nor none other, of what Eftate or Condition that he were, fhould not put from henceforth in the Waters of Thetmije, Humber, Oufe, Trent, nor none other-Water of the Realm, by the faid Time, nor by none other Time of the Year, any Nets called Stalkers, nor other Nets or Engines whatfoever, whereby the Fry or Breed of Salmons, Lampreys, or of any other Fifh whatfoever, may in any wife be taken or deftroyed, upon the Pain aforefaid. And alfo it was rehearfed in the faid Statute, made the faid thirteenth Year, that where it is contained in the fame Statute of IVeJlminJler, that all the Waters, in which Salmons be taken in the Realm, fhall be put in Defence, as to the taking of Salmons, from the Day of the Nativity of our Lady, till St. Martins Day; it was ordained and affented in the faid Statute made in the faid xiii. Year, That the Waters of Lone, Wore, Merfee, Ryb’oyl, and all other Wa-ters in the County of Lancqjler, fhould be put in Defence, as to the taking of Salmons, from the Day of St. Michael till the Day of the Purification of our Lady, and in none other Time of the Year, becaufe that Salmons befeafonable in the faid Waters by the Time aforefaid. And that in the Parts where fuch Rivers be, good and fufficient Confervators of the faid Statute made the faid thirteenth Year fhould be affigned and fworn, as it was ordained in the Statute of Wejhninjler, and that they fhould punifh the Offenders upon the Pain contained in the fame Statute of Wcjlininjler, without fhewing any Favour thereof; which Statutes have not been hitherto duly executed for Default of good Confervators, as our faid Lord the King hath perceived by Complaint to him made in this prefent Parliament:” ‘ Wherefore it is accorded and affented, That the Juflices of the Peace of all the Counties of England fhall be Confervators of the faid Statutes in the Counties where they be Juflices; and that they and every of them, at all Times when they may attend, fhall furvey the Offences and Defaults attempted againfl the Statutes aforefaid; and alfo fhall furvey and fearch all the Wears in fuch Rivers, that they fhall not be very flrait for the Deftru£lion of fuch Fry and Brood, but of reafonable Widenefs after the old Affife ufed or accuflomed; and that the fame Juflices, or any of them, which fhall find Default or Abufe againfl the Statutes aforefaid, fhall make due Punifhment of them which be found in Default after the Content of the fame Statute. And that the fame Juflices fhall put good and fufficient Lender Confervators of the fame Statutes under them, which fhall be fworn to make like Surveying, Search, and Punifhment, without any Favour thereof to be fhewed. And moreover, that the fame Juflices, in their Seffions, fhall inquire as well by their Office, as at the Information of the Under Confervators aforefaid, of all Trefpaffes, Mif-prifions, and Defaults made againfl any of the Points aforefaid, and fhall caufe them which be thereof indited to come before them, and if they be thereof convift, they fhall have Imprifonment, and make Fine after the Difcretion of the fame Juflices;. and if the fame be at the Information of any of the Under Confervators aforefaid, the fame Under Confervator fhall have the half of the fame Fine. And forafmuch as it is granted to the Citizens of London, by the King’s Progenitors, that they may remove and take

.	Ex	Rot.	in	Turr. Lond.

peine & qe null pefehour negarthman ne null autre ae quel eftat ou condition qil fufl'e ne mettroit de-lors en avaunt en les eawes de Thamife Humbre Oufe Trent ne nulle autre eawe du Roialme parle dit temps ne par null autre temps del an afeuns rees appellez ftalkers nautres rees nengines quecunqes par les quels le frie ou brood des falmons laumprais ou dautre peffoun quecunqe purra en afeun manere eflre pris ou deflruitz fur la peine fuifdite. Et auxint fuit reherce en le dit eflatut fait lan trefzifme avaunt qe come contenu foit en mefme leflatut de Weftm’ qe touz les eawes en queux falmons font prifes en le Roialme foient milez en defenfe qant al prife des falmons del jour de fa Nativite de noflre Dame tanqal jour de feint Martyn ordeigne fuifl & affentuz en le dit eflatut fait lan trefzime.-qe les ewes de Lone Wyre Merfde Ribbill & touz autres ewes el counte de Lancaflre fufent mifes en defenfe qant al prife de falmons del jour de feint Michel tanqal jour de la Purification noflre Dame & en null autre temps del an a caufe qe falmons ne font pas feifonables en les ditz ewes par le temps fuifdit. Et qe es parties ou tielx rivers font fer-roientaffignez & jurrez bones & fuffifantz confer-vatours de dit eflatut fait lan trefzime come fuifl ordeigne en le dit eflatut de Weflm’ & qils punifTe-reient les trefpafours fur la peine contenue en mefme leflatut de Weflm’ fanz afeuni favour ent fairs-queux eflatutz nount pas efle duement executz tanqe en cea pur defaute de bones confervatours a ceo qe noflre Seignur le Roi ad entendu par pleint a luy fait en cell prefent parlement par qei acorde eft & affentu qe les juflices de la pees- en touz les countes dEngleterre foient confervatours des dita eflatutz en les countees ou iIsTont juflices & que eux & chefcun de eux a touz les foitz qant ils poi-ent entendre furveient les mefprifions & defautes attemptez encontre les eflatutz avauntditz & auxT int furveient & ferchent touz les gors en tielx rivers qils ne foient trop eftreitz pur deftrudlion de tiel frie & brood mes de refonable overture-folonc lavn-cien affife & qe mefmes les juflices ou celli de eux qe trove defaute ou mefprifion encontre les eflatutz avauntditz facent due punifiement des trefpaflours folonc la contenue de mefmes les eflatutz. Etq? mefmes les juflices mettent bons & fuffifantz fub-confervatours de mefmes les eflatutz defoutz eux qe foient jurez de faire femblable furvewe ferche & punifiement fanz afeun favour ent faire.. Et qe outre ceo mefmes les juflices en lour feffions en- • quergent fibien de lour office come al information des fubconfervatours avauntditz- de touz trefpafes mefprifions & defautes faitz encontre afeuns des pointz avauntditz & facent venirdevaunt eux ceux que foient ent enditez & fils foient ent conviiflz eient emprifonement & facent fyn folonc la difcretion de mefmes les juflices etfi ceo foit al information dafeun de fubconfervatours avauntditz eit mefme le fubcor.fervatour la moite de mefme le fin. Et pur ceo qe grante eft a Citeins de Londres par les progenitours noflre Seignur le Roi qUs poent

remuer

C. 10—12.'	413

A. D. 1393. Anno decimo feptimo Richardt IT.

Ex Rot. in TnVr. Lond. remuer 6c prendre touz les kydels en les ewes de Tamife 5c Medewaie 6c qils eient les punifFementz ent a Roi appurtenauntz noftre dit Seignur le Roi en cell prefent parlement de laflent avauntdit ad grante qe le Mairou Gardein de Londres qi pur Ie temps Terra eit la confervation des eftatutz avaunt-ditz 6c face ent due execution 6c femblable puniffe-ment come devaunt eft ordeigne des juftices de la pees en la dite ewe de Tamife del pont del Stanes a Londres 6c dilloeqes outre en mefme lewe 6c en la dite ewe de Medewaye ft loyns come grante eft as ditz Citeyns come devaunt eft dit.

Piles in the Rivers Oufe and Humbert 25 H. 8. c. 7. I Eh c. 17. for 5 W. M, c. 23. ^Ann. c. 21. %Ann, c* 26. i-Gso. l.fat. 2. c, end Improvement cf the Fijkcry*.

{ away all the Wears in the Waters of Thames and ‘ Medeway, and that they fhall have the Punifhments ‘ thereof pertaining to the King; our faid Lord the ‘ King, in this prefent Parliament, by the AITent afore-‘ faid hath granted, That the Mayor or Warden of The Mayor or ‘ London for the time being fhall have the Confervation London fhall ‘ of the Statutes aforefaid, and fhall make thereof due Jave 4e c°n* c Execution, and like Puniftiment, as afore is ordain- smuteffi'the ‘ ed of the Juftices of the Peace, in the faid Water of Thames.

‘ Thames, from the Bridge of Stanes to London, and Su-.z Ed.^.c.zi ‘ from thence over in the fame Water, and in the faid fir fading cf ‘ Water of Medeway, as far as it is granted to the faid	^

* Citizens, as afore is faid.’	fullingLin

the Preservation of the Spawn. See farther 3 Joe. 1. c, 12. 30 Car. 2. fat, 1. c. 9. 4 iS. 5 Geo, 1. c, 18. and 23 Gee. 2, c, 26. containing farther Provifons for the Prefervaticn

C A p.. X,

Two learned men in the Law fhall be in Commiffion of Gaol-delivery.

ITEM pur ceo qe larons notoriement diffamez 6c autres prifez ove mainoevre par long demure en prifone apres ceo qils font areftuz font deliverez par chartres & favorables enqueftes procurez a grant anientiflement du poeple Accordez eft 6c affentuz qen chefcune commiffion dc la pees parmy le Roi-alme ou y bofoignera foient affignez deux homines de ley de mefme le counte ou tie!, commiffion fe fra daler 6c proceder a deliverance des tielx larons 6c felons tant 6c fi.fovent come bon lour fem-blera.

“ TTEM, Forafmuch as Thieves notorioufly de--“ J. famed,, and others taken with the Maner, by‘

“ their long abiding in Prifon, after that they be ar-“ refted, be delivered by Charters, and favourable In-“ quefts procured, to the great Hindrance of the Peo-“ pie,” ‘ it is accorded and affented, That in every s Commiffion of the Peace through the Realm, where ‘ Need fhall be, two Men of Law of the fame Coun-e ty where fuch Commiffion fhall be made, fhall be af-1 figned to go and proceed to the Deliverance of fuch.

.c Thieves and Felons, as often as they fhall think it 4 Ed. 3. c.'s; ‘ expedient.’	Enfirad	ty

C A P. XL

That Aldermen of London fhall not hereafter Be elefted yearly, but- remain- until they- be put

out for a reafonable Caufe. \

COMBIEN qeordeine 6c grante fiiift per le Roi Edward Befaiel 6c auxint per le Roi Edward Aiel 4 Infl, 4-551-noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft qe les AIdermen.de la Cite de Londres cefieroient 6c ferroient remuez de lour dit office chefcun an a le feft de feint Gregore 6c qils ne ferroient mye reefluz lan profehein enfuant einz qe autres fufficeantes perfones du dite Cite ferroient.chefcun an de novel! efluz 5c mys en loffices avant-ditz Nientmeyns noftre dit Seignur le Roy pur certeines caufes luy efpecialment moevantz 6c mefment pur meillour governance de fa dite Cite en temps avenir voet 6c ad ordeine per advys 6c affent de foil conieill en cell: prefent parlement qe defore enavant les-Aldermen de la dite Cite ne foient ouftez ne remuez du dit office de Aldermanrie a le dit feft de feint Gregore ne null autre temps del an fanz honefte 6c refonable caufe ne nulles autres efluz ne mys en lour lieux einz demoergent avant dan en an en lour dit office tanqe ite foient remuez pur joufte 6c refonable caufe.come defuis nientcontrefteantz lordinances fufdites.

CAP. XII..

An Explanation of the Statute of 2S Edw. 3. c. 10. That the Mayors, Aldermen, &c. of London fhall not incur the Penalty of the faid Statute for erroneous Judgement given, or to • be given.

COME per eftatut fait en temps le Roy Edward Aiel noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft lan de for. regne Rep,. u,.*.,.

vynt feptifme. foit ordine 6c eftabli qe le Meir Vifcontz 6c Aldermen de la Cite de Londres qont leo. 15, governement du dite Cite facent redrefler 6c corriger les errors defautes 6c mefprifions qe font notoireinent ufez en la dite Cite pur defaute de bon governement des ditz Meir Vifcontz 6c Aldermen 5c les due-ment punir de temps en temps fur certeine peine ceftaflavoir au primer defaut Mill Marcz au Roy 6c a la fecond defaut deux Alill Marcz 6c a la tierce defaute qe la franchife du dite Cite foit prisen la mayn le Roy 6c qe chefcun des ditz Maire Vifcontz 6c Aldermen qe vendra devant les Juftices le Roy en manere h forme qeft ordeine per le dit eftatut refpoigne fingulerment pur luy mefmes fibien as peril des autres qe font abfentz come de luy mefmes Et qecefte ordinance foit tenu ferme 5c eftable nicntcontrefteant franchifee

* This and lhe two-following Chapters are not upon the Statute Roll, but are taken from the Parliament Rcll, m.15.

3;	privilege;-

414 C. 13;

7 T.J. i z Ed. 1 7 R. z

Anno decimo feptimo R1 c h a r d i II, A. D. 1393.

.E# Ret. ?'» 7»rr. Lond.

privileges ou cuflumes qecpnqes ficome en le dit eftatut eft contenuz pluis au plein Et ore noftre Seignur le Roy eiant conftderalion a la.generalte des ditz paroles ceftaflavoir errors defautes Sc mefprifions & as diverfes entendementz qent purront eftre conceuz ft ad a la fupplication de les Meir Vifcontz & Aldermen de la dite Cite declare & grante per advys & aflent des Seignurs efpirituels & temporels en ceft prefent parlement qil neft pas fa volunte ne fon entcnt ne lcntent du dit eftatut qe le Meir Vifcontz Sc Aldermen du dite Cite qore font ou ont eftez devant ccs heures ou enapres nencourgent ne portent la peine du dit eftatut pur afcun jug-gement erroigne renduz ou a rendre en la dite Cite.

CAP. XIII.

The People of the Ward of Farringdon Without fhall eleft an Alderman.

ITEM come la garde de Faryndon dedeins & dehors de la Citee de Loundres eft taunt encrefteez des pofleflions & enhabitantz en icelle en poi des ans paflez qe la governance dicell eft trop laboroufe Sc gre-voufe pur une perfone de le occupier Sc duement governer noftre Seignur le Roy per aflent de fon confeu en ceft prefent parlement a la priere del Mair Aldermans & la Cominalte du dite Citee ad ordeinez Sc grantez qe perentre cy & le feft de feint Gregoire profchein avenir les gentz de la dite garde de Faryndon dedeins puiflent eflire un Alderman fage fufficeant & able pur governer mefme la garde dedeins Sc eftre nome lAlder-man de la garde de Faryndon dedeins et qe perentre cy & le dit feft de feint Gregoire les gentz de la garde de Faryndon dehors puiflent eflire un autre Alderman fage fufficiceant et able pur governer mefme la garde dehors Sc eftre nomez lAlderman de la garde de Faryndon dehors Et qe les ditz deux Aldermans iflint efluz puiflent eftre eftabliz Sc nemye remoez ft noun pur caufe refonable come ordeinez eft & grantez per noftre dit Seignur le Roi en ceft parlement des autres Aldermans du dite Citee.

Dc proclamation Jlatutorum proclamand’,

REX vicecomiti Kane’falutem. Quoddam ftatutum in ultimo parliamento noftro apud Weftm’tento per nos de affenfu Magnatum Sc Communitatis regni noftri Anglie nobifeum ibidem affiftentium editum tibi mittimus in forma patenti mandantes quod ftatutum illud Sc omnes Sc Angulos articulos in eodem con-tentos in civitatibus burgis villis mercatoriis Sc aliis locis infra ballivam tuam ubi melius expedire videris pub-lice proclamari Sc quantum ad te pertinet firmiter & inviolabiliter obfervari facias. T. R. apud Weftm’ primo die Junii.

Per ipfum Regem & Concilium.

Conjimilia brevia diriguntur fingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam ac Johanni Dud Aquitanie & Lancajlric vel ejus

Cancellarto in codem ducatu Lancajlrie fub eadem data.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno

1396.

20 Rich. II. and Anno Dom.

“ fTF^HE King at his Parliament holden at Wejl-“	I minfier in the Feaft of St. Vincent, the Twen-

“	tieth Year of his Reign, by the Aflent of the

“ Prelates, Lords, and Commons of his Realm of “ England, aflembled in the fame prefent Parliament, “ for the Quietnefs and Tranquillity of his People, “ hath made certain Statutes and Ordinances in the “ Form whichfolloweth:”

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. m. 4.

LE Roy en fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’en la fefte de Seint Vincent lan de fon Roialme vintifme del aflent des Prelatz Seignurs & Communes de fon Roialme en mefme le parlement pur quiete & tranquillite de fon poeple ad fait cer-teins eftatutz & ordenances qenfuient.

CAP. I.

No Man fhall ride or go armed.

Launcegays fhall be pat out.

: (ht. r

!■ «• 3-. c. 13.

“ Tp IRST, Whereas in a Statute made the Seventh “ r= Year of the Reign of the King that now is, it “ is ordained and aflented. That no Man fhall ride “ armed within the Realm, againft the Form of the “ Statute of Northampton thereupon made, nor with “ Launcegays within the fame Realm; and that the “ faid Launcegays fhall he utterly put out within the “ faid Realm, as a Thing prohibited by the King, “ upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame Launcegays, “ Armours, or any other Harnefs, in the Hands and

PRimerement come en un eftatut fait lan feptifme du regne noftre Seignur le Roy foit ordeignez Sc aflentuz qe nulle homme chivache deins le Roialme armez contre la fourme de leftatut de Nor-hampton fur ce fait ne ovefqe lancegaye deins mefme le Roialme et qe les ditz lancegayes foient de tout ouftez dcins le dit Roialme come chofe defen-due par le Roy fur peyne de forfaiture dicelles lancegayes armures & autres hernoys quelconqes es mayns Sc pofleflion dycelx qi les portera delors deinz

mefme

Anno vicefimo Richardi II.

C. 2__4,

4*5

Ex Rot. hi Turr. Lond. mefme le Roialme encontre ycelles eftatutzet orde-nances lanzefpecialecongie du Roy. Noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant le grant clamour a luy fait en ceft prefent parlement de ce qe le dit eftatut neft mye tenuz Si ad ordeignez Sc eftabliz en mefme le parlement qe Ies ditz eftatutz foient pleinement tenuz & gardez Sc duement executz et qe les ditz lancegayes foient tout overtement ouftez fur la peine contenue en le dit eftatut de Norhampton Sc outre de faire fyn Sc ranceoun au Roy. Et outre ce qe null Seignur chivaler nautre petit ne grant aile ne chivache par noet ne jour armez ne porte palet ne chapell de ferre nautre armure fur la peine i'ufdite Sauvez Sc exceptz les officers &'miniftres du Roy en faifantz leur offices. Et outre ce le Roy voet & ad ordeignez qe leftatut fait lan de fon regne primere de liveree.des chaperons foit tenuz & gardez fur la peine contenue en mefme leftatut Sc fur jxdnc deftre emprifonez & de fair fyn Sc ranceon au

“ Pofteffion of them that bear them from henceforth’

“ within the fame Realm againft the fame Statutes and “ Ordinances, without the King’s fpecial Licence:7’

‘ Our Lord the King, confidering the great Clamouf ‘ made to him in this prefent Parliament, becaufe that'

‘ the faid Statute is not holden, hath ordained and efta-‘ blifhed in the faid Parliament, That the faid Statutes ‘ fhall be fully holden and kept, and duly executed,

‘ and that the faid Launcegays fhall be clear put out ‘ upon the Pain contained in the faid Statute of Nor-‘ tbampton, and alfo to make Fine and Ranfom to the ‘ King. And moreover. That no Lord, Knight, nor 3 MoJ, !I7=

‘ other, little nor great, fhall go nor ride by Night nor by Day armed, not bear Sallet nor Skull of Iron,

‘ nor of other Armour, upon the Pain aforefaid, fave ‘ and except the King’s Officers and Minifters in do-‘ ing their Office. And moreover, the King will and The Statute of 5 hath ordained, That the Statute made the firft Year 5 R- f- caP- 7-‘ of his Reign, of Liveries of Hats, fhall be holden ‘ and kept upon the Pain contained in the fame Statute,.firmeJienes <0IS" ‘ and upon Pain to be imprifoned, and niake Fine and ‘ Ranfom to the King.’

CAP. II.

Who only may wear another’s Livery.

IT EM qe vadletz appellez yomen ne null autre de meindre eftat qefquier ne ufe ne porte null figne ne Rep. 3 Car. rj liveree appelle liveree de compaignie dafcuni Seignur deins le Roialme fil ne foit menial Sc familier ou c, 4, officer continuel de fon dit Seignur et qe les juftices de la paix aient poair denquer de ceux qi font a len-contre & de les punir felonc lour difcretion.

cap. in.

No Man fhall fit upon the Bench with the Juftices of Afiife.

ITEM le Roy voet Sc defende qe null Seignur nautre du pais petit ne grant ne foit fcant en Bank ovefqe les Juftices as Affifes prendre en leur feffions es contees dEngleterre fur grief forfaiture vers le Roy Sc ad chargez fes ditz Juftices qils ne foeffrent le contraire eftre fait.-

C A

A Confirmation of Part of the Stat. of 28

ITEM qe come il foit contenuz en un eftatut de fire Edward nadgairs Roy dEngleterre Aiel a naftre Seignur le Roy qor eft lan de fon regne vynt Sc oetifme qe nulle manere de nief qe foit frette Severs Engleterre.ou aillours foit artez devenir a nul port dEngleterre ne y demurer contre le gree des meiftres & mariners dicelle ou des marchantz as queux les biens font Sc ft tielx niefs viegnent de gree ou foient chacez par tempefte ou autre infortune ou mefchief a afcun port dEngleterre Sc les meiftres Sc mariners ou marchantz de mefmes les niefs voil-lent vendre Sc deliverer partie de leur merchandifes par loure bone volunte bien life a chefcuny tieles merchandifes achatre franchement fanz empefche-ment en le port ou tieles niefs viendront tout ne foient les merchandifes mifes a la terre pur vendre. Et qe les meiftres mariners Sc marchantz apres ce qils averont iffint venduz ce qe lour plerra de leur

* T TEM, The King doth will and forbid. That no ‘ X Lord, nor other of the Country, little nor great, ‘ fhall fit upon the Bench with the Juftices to take ‘ Affifes, in their Seffions in the Counties of England, ‘ upon great Forfeiture to the King; and hath charu ‘ ged his faid Juftices, that they fhall not fuffer the *" contrary to be done.?

P. IV.

Edw. 3. c. 13. touching Merchant Strangers.

“ TTEM, Whereas it is contained in a Statute of “ X the late King Edward, Grandfather to the “ King that now is, the xxviii Year of his Reign, “ That no Manner of Ship, which is freighted to-“ ward England, or elfewhere, fhall be compelled to “ come to any Port of England, nor there to tarry “ againft the Agreement of the Mafters and Mariners <c of the fame, or of the Merchants to whom the “ Goods be ; and if fuch Ships come of their own “ good Will, or be driven byTempeft, Cafualty, or “ other Misfortune,, to any Port of England, and the “ Mafters or Mariners,- or Merchants of the fame “ Ships, will fell or deliver Part of their Merchandifes “ with their good'Will, it fhall be lawful to every. “ Perfon to biiyfuch Merchandifes freely without “ Impeachment' in the Port where fuch Ships fhall “ come, albeit the Merchandifes be not put to Sale te» “ theLartd. And the Maftersj: Mariners, and Mer-

4.	“’chants,,

Aimo vicelimo Richardi II

416

c. s, e.

A. D. 1396.

cc chants, after that they have fo fold fo much as £t pleafeth them of their faid Goods, and the Cuftom £t thereof paid, may freely depart and go with their “ Ships, and all the Remnant of their Goods, where *e it fhall pleafe them, without paying thereof Cuf-cc tom ‘ Our faid Lord the King, for theQuietnefs ‘ and Eafe of his People, willeth, That the faid Sta-c tute fhall be holden and kept in all Points, and duly 5 executed, notwithftanding any Ordinance or Wage s to the contrary.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ditz biens 8c paie ent la cuftume puifient franche-ment departier 8c aler ove lour niefs 8c tout le re-menant de lour biens par la ou lour plerra fanz cuflume ent paier N oft re Seignur le Roy pur la quiete 8c eafe de fon poeple voet qe le dit eflatut foit tenuz 8c gardez en toutz pointz 8c duement executez nientcontrefleant afeune ordeignance ou ufage ou contraire.

CAP. V.

The Penalty of him who taketh another’s Horfe or Beaft for the King’s Service without fuf-

ficient Warrant.

ITEM pur ce qe les Communes Ount fait compleint qe plufours grantz mefehiefs extorfions 8c difeafe font faitz par diverfes gentz de rnauveis condition qe de leure audloritee demefne preignont 8c font prendre Roialnient chivalx Sc autres chofes 8c befles hors de leur charues charettes 8c mefons difantz et imagi-nantz qils font a cbivaucher cn haftifs meffages ou bofoignes la ou en verite ils ne font aucunement pri-vez de nulle bofoigne ou meflage mes foulement en deceite et fubtilite pur prendre chivalx par tiel colour ct ymagination et les ditz chivalx fi haftyvement chivachent et defolent nient eiantz afeun manere confci-ence ou compaflion en celle partie iffint qe les ditz chivalx deviegnent tout deperduz et foundez null manere chofc ne denier paiantz pur ycelles ne afeun manere de viand donantz a eux et auxi qe afeuns de tielx maners de gentz chaungeantz et variantz lour nouns fi preignent et chivachent tielx chivalx et les amefnent tout hors aillours iifint qils as quetix ils font ne purront unqes enapres par nul manere voie lour ditz chivalx veire reavoir ne favoir ou ils font devenuz a grant mefehief perde et anientiflement et de-ftruftion et arferifement du povre poeple du Roy lour bufbandrie et de leur vivre nofire Seignur le Roy aSH. 6. c. 2. veullant pur quiete et eafe de fon poeple ent faire remede voet et ad ordene qe nul defore enavant preigne gives treble Da- nu] tie] chival nebefte en tiel manere contre la gree de ceux a qui ils font et fi afeun le face et neit figne olT'izCir - ou aut^orhce R°y fuffifant foit pris et empiifonez tanqe il avera fait duement gree a partie.

c. 24.

CAP. VI.

'Licence granted to Belknap, Holte, and Bourghe, to return into England, notwithftanding the ,	•	Statute	of 11 Rich. II. c.i.

&X.P.	"FT EM noftre Seignur le Roy eft aflentuz et ad grauntez de fa grace efpeciale par afient et accord de

A toutz Seignurs efpirituelx et temporeles et de toutz les communes en cell parlement a Robert Bealknapp Johan Holt et William be Burgh chivalers bannuz et demorantz en Ireland qils revendront en Engleterre illoeqes a demurer pur terme de lour vies 8c qils foient perfones hables a! commune ley come lieges du Roy fanz eftre de ce empefehez NIentcontrefteant leftatut ent fait lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy un-zifine Sauvant toutditz vers eux toutz autres points en le dit eftatut contenues.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 21 Rich. II. Anno Dcm.

1397-

Rfp. 1II, 4. c. 3.

“ |T is to be underftood, that our Lord the King, “ § by the Grace of God King of England and of “ France, and Lord of Ireland, at his Parliament “ fummoned and begun at JVeftminjler the Monday next “ after the Feaft of the Exaltation of the holy Crofs, “ and from thence adjourned to Shrewjbury until the “ Fifteenth of Hillary then next enfuing, and there ended, to the Honour of God and holy Church, and <s for the Prefervation, Salvation, and Surety of his “ Realm, and good Governance of his People, of the “ Afient and Accord of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, “ Barons, and Commons of his Realm there aflembled, £< hath made certain Statutes and Ordinances hereafter l< following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 4,

FAIT aflavoir qe noftre Seignur le Roy Richard par la grace de Dieu Roy dEngleterre 8c de France 8c Seignur dlrland a fon parle-ment fomons 8c comencez aWeftm’Lundy pro-fchein apres le feft del Exaltation de la Seinte croice 8c dilloeqes adjourneZ a Salopbirs a la quinzeme de Seint Hiller adonqes profehein enfuant 8c illoeqes terminez al honour de Dieu 8c de Seinte ef-glife 8c pur la falvation 8c furetee de fon Roialme 8c bone governance de fon liege poeple de laftent 8c accord des Prelats Dues Contes Barons 8c Communes de fon Roialme illoeqes aftemblez ad fait certcines eftatutz 8c ordenances qenfuient.

CAP.

C. 1—6.	417

Anno vicefimo prirno Rxchardi II.

CAP. 1.

A Confirmation of former Liberties to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Cities, Boroughs,

and Commonalty.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

PRimerement qe Seinte efglife & les Seignurs efpirituels & temporels h auxint citees & burghs & autres comminaltees du Roialme eient & enjoient lour libertees & franchifes ft avant come ils avoient 5c cn-joicrcnt refonablcment en temps de fes nobles progenitours Roys dEngleterre ct en fon temps.

CAP. II.

A Repeal of the Commidion granted by the King to certain Noblemen to enquire of certain Abufes, and of the Statute made Anno 10 Rich. 2. See Appendix.

CAP. III.

It ihall be adjudged High Treafon for any Perfon to compafs the Death of the King, to depofe him, to make War againft him within the Realm, (Ac.

ITEM ordeine eftet eftabliz qe chefcun qe compafle et purpofe la mort du Roy ou de luy depofier ou de-fuis rend re fon homage liege ou celluy qi leve.le poeple et chivache encontre le Roy a faire dc guerre deinz fon Roialme et de ceo foit duement atteint et adjuggez en parlement foit adjuggez come traitour de haute traifon encontre la corone et forface de luy et fes heirs queconqes touz fez terres tenementz poflelfions et libertees et touz autres enheritementz queux il ad ou afeun autre ad a fon oeps ou avoit le jour de traifon perpetrez ftbien en fee taille come en fee fymple a Roy et fes heirs fibien tenuz dautres come de luy mefmes pur toutz jours et auxi celle pofl'eflion qe afeun autre ad a fon oeps. Et qe cell eftatut fe extendc et teigne lieu fibien as ceux qe font adjuggez ou atteintz pur afeun des quatre pointz des ditz traifons en cell parlement come de touz ceux qi ferront adjuggez ou atteintz en parlement en temps advenir des afeuns des quatre pointz de traifons fufditz. Et neft pas lentention du Roy ne de les Seignurs ne affent des Communes avant-ditz qe fi afeun tiele qe forface en manere fufdite foit enfeoffez.en afeuny terre tenement ou pofl'eflion a autry. oeps qe ceo foit compris en celle forfaiture..

CAP. IT.

It Ihall be likewife High Treafon to attempt to repeal any Judgments made by Parliament

againft certain Traitors.

ITEM le Roy de laflent fufdit ad ordeine et eftablie qe fr afeun de quel eftat ou condition qil foit purfue procure ou confeille de repeller caller reverfer ou adnuller afeuns des juggementz renduz devers afeuns-perfones adjuggez en le dit parlement ou afeuns eftatutz ou ordenances faitz en mefme le parlement ou afeuna parcelle dicelles en afeune manere et ceo duement provee en parlement qil foit adjugge et eit execution come traitour au Roy et a Roialme. A queles ordenance et eftatut bien et loialment tenir et garder les Seignurs de Roialme fibien efpirituels come temporels fount jurrez et fermentz devant le Roy come piert cn le rolle dit parlement.

c a p. y.

The Oaths and Fealty of Great Men fhall be inrolled in Parliament.

ITEM outre ceo le Roy par la greindre feuretee en temps advenir ad ordeine et eftabliz qe le ferement dales ditz Seignurs foit mys de recorde en rolle de parlement et qil foit enrollez en la Chancellerie ft qe les. fucceflours de touz les ditz Prelatz fur la faifance de leur foialtee pur leur temporaltees avant qils eient livere. dicelles hors de la Chancellarie facent mefme le ferement en tout temps avenir. Et enfement qe touz les . heirs des ditz Seignurs temporels en tout temps avenir al faifance de leur homage ou foialtee avaunt qils eient. livere.de leur terres hors de.la Chancellerie facent autiel ferement..

CAP. VI.

The Sons of the Perfons before attainted excluded from Parliament, (Ac,.

ITEM'le Roy a la requeffe des ditz Communes -de laflent avantdit pur la greindre feurtee de luy et fbn j Roialme en. temps avenir ad ordeine et eftabliz qe les iflues malx ore engendrez du corps de ceux qe font adjuggez et atteintz en le dit parlement ne les iflues mals-de leur corps a engendreres jammes ne veignent a-parlement ne as confeils du Roy ne de fez heirs ne foient de confeil du Roy ne de fez heirs favantz tout-foitz qe les iflues femmales des ditz forjuggez et leur iflue queux ont astres eftranges piers ne. foient- en--damagez par ceil eftatut.

Voi.lT	II	h h	C	A	IV.

Br. Treafon, 24, 25 3-ykf. 5, r. 2.

4i<> Co 7—10,	Anno vieefimo primo Richardi II. A. D. r 397*

CAP. VII.

A Repeal of the Annuities, Corrodies, &c. granted by thofe Traitors.

Ex Rot.inTurr. Loud.'

ITEM le Roy ad ordene et eftabliz qe toutz les annuitees fees corrodies et autres charges queconqes faitz ou.grauntcz par ceurc ou.afcun de ceux qe font adjuggez traitours en mefme le parlement puis Ie jour de les trail'ons perpetrez foient voidez ct adnullez et tenuz pur null.

CAP: VIII.

The King (hall have the Collation to- all Benefices fo forfeited.

ITEM ordeine eft et eftabliz qc noftre dit Seignur Ie Roy eit les prefen tementz douns et collations de touz les benefices de queux les avoefons feurent as perfonez atteintz en le dit parlement de chefcun voidance aveuue puis les traifons des ditz perfones perpe.trez et comencez forfpris de ceux benefices de queux les pof-feflburs ou incumbentz ont ratification de noftre dit Seignur le Roy les queux pofTeflours noftre dit Seignur le Roy voet qils enjoient leur ditz benefices Et fauvez auxint qe ceux qi font einz pair voie de permutatiori en tieux benefices qils averpnt ent ratifications fils voillent purfuir. . :

CAP. IX.

The County of Chefter made a Principality, and feveral Caftles and Towns annexed to the

fame.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roy pur la grant chiertee et affeftion qil ad a le contee de Ceftre et a les gentz dicell et pur tant qe le Roy mefmes devant qil priftla haute dignitee duRoy et fon honourable pier devant Juy et autres fes nobles progenitours ont efte Contes du dit countec de Ceftre et pur le greindre honour de fon eifne filz ft Dieu Ie doigne et des autres fes heirs qaveront mefme le Seignurre: en.apres del affent et accorde de touz les Seignurs efpirituels et temporels a la priere des ditz Communes ad'ordeignez grantez et eftabliz pur luy et' fes heirs qe le dit contce de Ceftre foit principaltee de Ceftre et defore enavant nomez et tenuz la principaltee de Ceftre ovefqe toutz les libertees et franchifes ent euez et ufez et en mefme le manere come il ad efte pardevant qant il eftoit nomez contee de Ceftre a touz jours. Et outre ceo noftre ■Seignur le Roy de fa certeine fcience et de laftent et accord avantditz et pur lencrefce et honour de leftat des Princes qe ferrount illoeqes et pur eafe concord et tranquillite de fes lieges du dit principaltee et les contees 'de Flynt et Salop et des Seignuries qi font adgifantz a ycelles ad grantez ordeinez et eftabliz qc le chaftell Lyons ove la Seignurie de Bromfeld et Yale a dit chaftell regardantz le chaftel de Chirk ove la Seignurie de Chirkeflonde a dit chaftcl regardantz le chaftel de Ofwaldeftre ove la ville bien murre de pere et le hundrede et unfza villes a dit chaftel regardantz le chaftel Ifabelle ove la Seignurie a ycelle regardant et le chaftel de Dalyley ove les appurtenances en le dit contee de Salop et la reverfion de la Seignurie de Clone ove toutz lour appurtenances quele.Edward Conte de Roteland tient a terme de fa vie touz les queux chaftelx Seignuries-et villes fufditz feurent a Richard nadgairs Conte dArundell et les queux par force de juggement renduz devers le dit Conte en le dit parlement font a noftre Seignur Ie Roy forfaitz foient defore enavant annexez uniez et encorporez a la dite principalte de Ceftre et demoergent et remay-gnent entierment a mefme la principaltee come parcelle et membre dicelle a touz jours fanz eftre donez venduz alienez diiTeverez ou departiz de le dite principaltee a nully par afeune voie en temps advenir. Et qe null doun ne grante en temps advenir ne ferra faite. deLdite principaltee ne de les chaftelx Seignuries et villes fufdites a nulluy fors foulement.al eifne fitz du Roy qi forra Prince illoeqes fy plerra au Roy affaire. Et qe celluy eifne fitz qe.avera la-'dite.principaltee avera enfemsnt toutz les ditz chaftelx-Seignuries b v lies come uniz b annexez a mefme la principaltee fanz eftre difleverez ou departiz dicelle .en afeun temps advenir Iffint qe’ les refceaimtz terretenantz b touz les enheritantz deinz les ditz chaftelx Seignuries & villes eient ufent b enjoient toutz leur aunciens loies droitures b cuftumes illoeqes dauncien temps refonablement euez b ufez Savez b refervez au Roy fa regalie libertee b franchife b les droitz de fa corone. ‘ Purveu auxi toutfoitz qe la dite principaltee & les Seignuries fufditz eient & enjoient mefmes les loies libertees b cuftumez ufagez droitz & franchifes auncienement en, ycelles refonablement euez b ufez auxi plefnement b entierment come eftoit cue b ufe devant le i.omencement de mefme le parlement le noun de Contee de Ceftre changez en noun de Principaltee de Ceftre & lannexion b union des ditz chaftelx Seignuries b villes

9.	ycelle micntcontreefteantz.

C A P. X.

The Caftles and Revenues of the late Earl of Warwick fhall remain in the King’s Hands.

ITEM a la-requcfte des communes b de Indent des Seignurs efpirituels b temporels fufditz ordenez eft & eftabliz qe les chaftel b le vifeounte de Worceftre queles Thomas nadgairs Conte de Warr’ tenoit en fee & Ics queux par force del juggement renduz cncontre le dit Cont en le dit parlement font feifez en la main du Roy come forfaitz ovefqe tournes hundredcs, rentes falines b bulleries de ewe falee fibien en Wyr-

ceftrc

II, 12.	419

A. D. 1397. Anno vicefimo primo Richardi II.

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond.

ceftre & en le Wyche come aillours & touz autres profttz & chofes as ditz chaftel It vifeountee appurte-nantz & regardantz en afcune manere ou colour auxi pkinement 5c entierment come le dit Conte les avoit devant la dite forfaiture foient demoergent 5c remayngnent anoftre Seignur le Roy 5c a fes heirs a touz jours fanz eftre donez ou grantez a nulluy ou eftre difleverez de fa coronc en afeun temps advenir.

CAP. XI.

And Iikewife thofe belonging to the Duke of Gloucejier,

ITEM en mefme le manere qe toutz les hundredes tournes courtes Ii'oertees 5c frauchites queux Thomas nadgairs Due de Glouceftre tenoit 5c avoit.en le contee de ElTex del doun 5c grant noilre Seignur le Roy 5c del Roy Edward fon aiel les queux feurent dauncien temps annexez 5c jointz al vilcontee de Efi’ex come parcelle dycelle 5c queux ore par le forfaiture de le dit Due font en la mayn du Roi come forfaitz foient demoergent et remayngnent a noilre dit Seignur le Roy et a fes heirs rejointz annexez et uniz a le dit vifeountee de Elfex come parcelle dicelle a touz jours fanz ellre donez ou grantez a nulluy ou eftre difleverez ou departiz de mefme lc vifeountee en afeun temps advenir.

C A P. XII.

The Refolution. of certain Judges and others concerning fome Queftions about Treafon and

other Offences.

ITEM les Seignurs qi feurent appelfantz en le dit.parlement ceftaflavoir Edward Due dAumarle Thomas Rep. 1H. 4, Due de Surr’ Johan Due dExceftre Johan Markys de Dorfet Johan Cont de Sarum Thomas Cont de c-3* Glouceftre et William Conte de Wiltes prierent au Roy recitantz et monftrantz coment certeins Seignurs qi font convidlz et atteintz ceftaflavoir le Due de Glouceftre les Contes dArundell et Warr’ affemblez a Ha-ryngey forciblement et en grant nombre a fere de guerre firent barrers entre le.Roy et euX qe les lieges du 25Ed. y flat, 5, Roy ne.purroient approcher an Roy en focour de luy et enfy vindrerrt en ,tiel.forcible manere-a fon palois de c. 2.

Weftm’ arraiez de guerre ft qe le Roy ne les purroit alors relifter fanz trefgrant peril de fon corps et deftruc-tion de fon poeple Mais enft par cohercion et compulfion les ditz Due et Contes firent le Roy fummener un parlement a Weftm’ lendemayn de la Purification de noilre Dame lan de fon regne unzifme quele parlement iffint comencez les ditz Due et Contes en tiel forcible manere firent continuer a-la fyn et en ycel donerent plufours diverfes juggementz fibien de mort de hommes come autrement fur diverfes lieges du Roy et donerent juggementz de forfaiture de terres et tenementz biens et chateux dont ils font convidlz de haut trefon et auxi pur certeins queftions qe feurent demandez par le Roi touchantz fon ■ eftat et regalic de certeins fes Juftices adonqes a.Notyngham mefme lan et pur leur refpons dicclles donez a Roi fur mefmes les queftions mefmes les Juftices feurent forjuggez de leur vies et juggement renduz devers eux de forfaiture de lour terres tenementz biens et chateux et les ditz Due et Comes firent diverfes eftatutz et ordenances en le dit parlement a lour volentee. Sur quoy les ditz appellantz coniiderantz les femons du dit parlement eftre fait' ex-preftement encontre la droit de la corcne du Roy et la libertee et franchife de fa perfone et roial eftat leur veullantz acquirer au Roy come fes loialx liges luy prierent qe le dit parlement foit adnullez et tenuz pur nul tout outrementet qe toutz les juggementz ordenances et eftatutz faitz et renduz en le dit parlement et touz les dependances dicelles foient adnullez revokez repellez et tenuz pur nul come chofe fait fanz audlo-ritee et encontre la volentee et libertee du Roy et la droit de fa corone et qe les terres et tenementz fees -avoefons et autres pofleflions queconqes feifez par colour des ditz juggementz foient reftitutz et liverez as ceux qi feurent enfi ajuggez et a leur heirs. Et aufli les ditz communes prierent au Roi come les ditz appellantz avoient priez et difoient qe leur entent feuft davoir priez femblablement. Et fur ceo les Seignurs • efpiritueles et temporeles et les procureurs de la clergie fcveralment examinez aflenterent expreftement qe le dit oarlement et touz les eftatutz juggementz’ordinances et touz autres chofes ent faitz et l'ubfecutz foient caftez et adnullez et de null force et value et reftitution fait come defuis eft dit. Et auxi fibien les Seignurs efpirituels et temporels et les procureurs de la clergie come les ditz communes feurent fcveralment examinez de les ditz queftions et de les refponfes des Juftices fuii'dites le tenour de queles fenfuit. •

*■ T\/TEmorandum quod vicefimo quinto die menfis Augufti anno regni Regis Ricardi fecundi undecime ‘ iV_L apud Caftrum Notyngb’ coram didlo domino Rege Robertus Trefilian Capitalis Juftitiarius et Ro-‘ bertus Bealknap Capitalis Juftitiarius de communi Banco domini noftri Regis predicti et Johannes Holt ‘■Rogerus Fulthorp et Willelmus Burgh milites focii predidli Roberti Bealknap ac Johannes Loketon fer-‘ viens dieli domini Regis ad legem in prefentia dominorum et aliorum teftium fubferiptorum perfonaliter'

‘‘ exiftentes per didlum dominum noftrum Regem requiliti in fide et ligesntia quibus eidem domino nollro •

‘ Regi firmiter funt aftridli quod ad certas queftiones inferius defignatas et coram eis recitatas fideliter re-fponderent et fuper eis fecundum diferetionem fuam legem dicerent,

1 Tnprimis querebatur ab eis an ilia nova ftatutum et ordinatio atque commiino facia et edita in ultiinc'

‘ parliamento apud Weftm’ celebrato derogant regalie et prerogative dieli domini noftri regts ? Ad quam ‘ quidem queftionem unaninaiter refpotideruut Quod derogant prefertim eo quod fuerant contra voluntatem c Kegis.-

Item.

H h h k

420 C. 12

A.D. 1397.

Anno viceftmo primo Richardi IT.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

*	Item querebatur ab eis Qualiter ipfi qui ftatutum ordinationem et commifUonem predicta fieri procura-

*	runt funt puniendi ? Ad iftam queftionem unanimiter refponderunt Quod pena capital! fcilicet mortis pu-'s niri merentur nifl Rex in ea parte voluerit eis gratiam indulgere..

4 Item querebatur ab eis Qualiter funt illi puniendi qui regem prediclurn excitarunt ad confentiendum fta-‘ tuti ordinationis et commiflionis hujufmodi fadtioni r Ad quam quidem queftionem unanimiter refponde-4 runt quod nifiRex eis gratiam fecerit funt pena capitali merito puniendi.

*	Item querebatur ab eis qualem penam merentur illi qui compulerunt five artarunt regem ad confenti-‘ endum confedtioni didtorum ftatuti ordinationis et commiffionis ? Ad quam quidem queftionem unanimi-‘ ter refponderunt Quod funt ut proditores merito puniendi.

*	Item querebatur ab eis Quomodo funt illi etiam puniendi qui impediverunt Regem quominus poterat ‘ exercere que ad regaliam et prerogativam fuam pertinuerunt ? Ad iftam queftionem unanimiter refpon-‘ derunt Quod funt ut proditores etiam puniendi.

‘ Item quefitum erat ab eis An poftquam in parliamento congregato negotia regni et eaufa congregationis

*	parliament dc mandato regis fuerint expofita et declarata et certi articuli limitati per regem fuper quibus 4 domini et communes regni in eodem parliamento procedere debeant fi domini St communes fuper ‘ aliis articulis velint omnino procedere St nullatenus fuper articulis limitatis per regem donee fuper arti-4 culis per eofdem expreffatis fuerit per ipfum regem primo refponfum non obftante quod fuerit eis injun-4 dtum per regem in contrarium Nunquid Rex debeat habere in ea parte regimen parliamenti St de fadto 4 regere ad effedtum quod fuper limitatis articulis per regem primo debeant procedere vel an domini & com-4 munes primo debeant habere refponfum a rege fuper articulis per eofdem expreflis antequam ulterius pro-4 cedatur ? Ad quam quidem queftionem unanimiter refponderunt quod Rex in ea parte haberet regimen 4 & fic feriatim in omnibus aliis articulis tangentibus parliamentum ufque ad finem ejufdem parliamenti et 4 fi quis contrd hujufmodi regitnen Regis fecerit tanquam proditor eft puniendus.

4 Item querebatur ab eis nunquid Rex quandocunque fibi placuerit poterit diflolvere parliamentum &

*	fuis dominis St communibus precipere quod ab inde recedant an non ? Ad quam quidem queftionem una-4 nimiter refponderunt Quod poteft. Et fi quis extunc contra voluntatem Regis procedat ut in parliamento 4 tanquam proditor puniendus exiflit.

4 Item quefitum erat ab eis_Ex quo Rex poteft quandocunqe fibi placuerit removere quofcumque'Officia-4 rios & Juflitiarios fuos St ipfos pro delidtis eorum juftificare St punire Nunquid domini & communes 4 poflint abfque voluntate Regis Ofticiarios & Juftitiarios ipfos impetere fuper delidtis eorum in parliamento 4 an non ? Ad iftam queftionem unanimiter refponderunt Quod non poffunt Et fi quis in contrarium fecerit 4 eft ut proditor puniendus.

4 Item querebatur ab eis qualiter eft ille puniendus qui movebat in parliamento quod mitteretur pro ftatuto 4 per quod Rex Edwardus filius Edvvardi Regis Proavus Regis nunc erat alias adjudicatus in parlia-4 mento per cujus ftatuti infpedtionem nova ftatutum St ordinatio ac commiflio fupradidta fuerunt in parlia-4 mento concepta? Ad quam quidem queftionem unanimiter refponderunt quod tarn ille qui fic movebat 4 quam alius qui pretextu hujufmodi motionis ftatutum illud portavit ad parliamentum funt ut proditores Sc 4 criminofi merito puniendi.

4 Item quefitum erat ab eis an judicium in ultimo parliamento apud Weftm’celebrato redditum contra ‘ Comitem SufP fuit erroneum St revocabile an non ? Ad quam quidem queftionem unanimiter refponderunt 4 quod fi illud judicium effet modo reddendum illi juftitiarii & ferviens predidti illud reddere nollent quia 4 videtureis quod judicium illud revocabile eft tanquam erroneum inomni fui parte,

4 In quorum omnium teftimonium Juftitiarii & ferviens predifti figilla fua prefentibus appofuerunt. Hiis 4 teftibus Reverendis Pa'ribus Dominis Alexandro Archiepifcopo Eborum Roberto Archiepifcopo Dublin’

4 Johanne Epifcopo Dunolm’ Thoma Ciceftrenfi Epifcopo Johanne Bangorenfi Epifcopo Roberto Duce Hi-4 bernie &c Michaele Comite SufFol’ & Johanne Rypon clcrico ac Johanne Blake feutifero. Dat’ loco die 4 menfe & anno predictis.

Qpieles queflions & les refponfes dicelles fibien devant le Roy Si Seignurs come devant les communes feu-rent luz & entenduz & demandee fuifl de toutz leftatz du parlement coment y leur fembloit de les refponfes fuifdites Sz iis difoient qe leur fembloit qe les ditz Juftices firent & donerent leur refponfes duement Sc loial-ment come hones Si loialx liges du Roy deveroient faire. Et en mefme la manere monfieur Thomas de .Skelton aprisde la leic & William Hankeford Sc William Brenchclle ferjeantz du Roy demandez par le Roi de leur advys en celle partie difoient qe les refponfes feurent bones & loialx Si qils vorroient avoir doner, mefmes les refponfes ft les ditz queflions euflent efte demandez de eux. Et monfieur William Thirnyng chief Tuftice du commune Bank du Roy dift qe declaration de trefoil nient declarez appartient a parlement mes fil feufie Seignurou pier de parlement fil euftefte demandez il voudroit avoir dit en mefme le manere. Et enfq

&.	en mefme la manere (lilt monfieur William Rikbull Juftice du commune Bank Et apres la venue de monfieur Wauter Clopton chief Juftice il dift en mefme le manere par ontles dites refponfes font adjuggez&

4	affermez

C. 13, 14.	421

A. D. 1397* Anno vicefimo primo Richardi II.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond,

affermez pur bones St fufficeantz en le dit parlement. Sur quoy par le Roy de laffent des Seignurs efpirituels ft temporcls k les procureurs de laClergie St de les ditz Communes k par advys de les Juftices k fcrgeantz fuifdites illoeqes efteantz agardez fuift k ajuggez ordeinez St eftabliz qe le dit parlement tenuz le dit an un~ zifme foit toutoutrement adnulle k tenuz pur nul come chofe faite fanz au&orite k encontre la volentee k libertec du Roy k le droit de fa corone Et qe toutz les juggementz eftatutz k ordenaunces faitz en ycell ove touz les dependantz dicelles foient revokez adnullez reverfez k toutoutrement repellez St tenuz pur null et qe touz les terres k tenementz fees k avoefons k autres pofteftions queconqes feifiz come forfaitz par colour des ditz juggementz foient reftitutz k liverez as ceux qi feurent juggez ou ouftez St a lour heirs St a ceux qi ont en autre manere a£tion ou title de droit en celle partie ovek touz maneres libertces fraun-chifes St privileges aufti avant St entierment come ils avoient en afcun temps pardevant faunz afcuns iffues ou profitz avoir dicelles en’le mefne temps ou reftitution des biens St chateux. Mais noftre Seignur le Roy par advys des ditz Seignurs St communes confiderantz coment le Roy pur recoverir k relevation de fes ditz ligez qi feurent iffint ajuggez ou ouftez k pur leur faire avoir reftitution de leur eftatz St terres St tenementz fees St avoefons k autres pofteftions fuifditz ad euz St fupportez grauntes St excellives couftages Sc defpenfes y femble au Roy St a touz les Seignurs qe touchant la dite reftitution il ferroit competent fatif-fa£lion as ditz forsjuggez k ouftez St a leur heirs pur avoir reftitution de leur terres St tenementz tant-foulement fanz reftitution de leur biens k chateux ou de les iffues St profitz de les ditz terres k tenementz prifes en le mefne temps. Et outre qant a ceux qi ont achatez St purchacez du Roy plufeurs des terres k tenementz fuifditz ceftaffavoir afcuns en demaygne afcuns en reverfion pur certeins fommes paiez au Roy le Roy ad chargez fon confeil denquere parlour advys de la value des ditz terres St tenementz enfi venduz k combien les achatours ent ont pris cn le mefne temps St fur ceo treiter et faire ovek eux tiel fyn come bone foy et confcience demandent. Et fur ceo ordenez eft et eftabliz qe touz reux qi voillent purfuer pur la reftitution fuifdite ou par lour recoverer en celle partie eient briefs.de Scire facias retournables en la Chauncellerie tantz et tieux come leur femblera bufoignables ou preignent autre aftion al commune ley fils vorront et qilspurront fuier devers eux qi font tenantz de frank tenement le Lundy profehein apres la dite quinzeine de Seint Hiller et qe leur recoverer foit bone et effcftuel devers eux nicntcontrefteantz alcuns alienations ou dimifes faitz puis le dit Lundy ou devers autres tenantz a leur election et qe nul protection foit allowe en celle cas lie nul delay par nounage ne refeeite ne eide priere forfqe par eide priere du Roy et qe le gardein du prive feal face ent lettres de procedendo fanz purfuir ou parler au Roy ou autre delay fanz waft ou deftruftion faire en le mefne temps.

CAP. XIII.

A Reverfal of the Sentence againft: Michael de la Pole late Earl of Suffolk.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roy al inftanee des ditz Seignurs appellantz de laffent des autres Seignurs du parlement confidcrar.t coment adjuggez feuft par toutz leftatz du parlement qe la refponfe faite par Robert Trefilian Sc autres fes ditz compaignons juftices du Roy a Notyngham le dit an unzifme fur un certeine queftion demande de eux come piert defuis touchant Michel de la Pole nadgairs Cont de SufF’ eftoit jufte bone Sc loiale Sc qe le dit juggement renduz envers le dit Cont en parlement lan difme noftre Seignur le Roi feuft erroine Sc revocable come piert defuis Si ad par aflent du parlement agardez juggez Sc eftabliz qe le dit juggement renduz envers le dit Cont en le dit parlement le dit an difme foit repellez reverfez Sc adnullez toutoutrement en mefme la manere Sc fourme come les juggementz renduz devers le dit Cont Sc autres adjuggez en le dit parlement tenuz le dit an unzifme feurent reverfez Sc adnullez en mefme le parlement terminez a Salop et qe toutz les terres tenementz rentz fees Sc advoefons Sc autres pofteftions queconqes queux feurent a dit Cont Sc feifez come forfaitz par colour del dit juggement en le dit parlement le dit an difme ovek touz maners libertees franchifes Sc privileges auxi avant Sc entierment come le dit Cont les avoit en afcun temps pardevant foient reftitutz a les heirs du dit Cont fanz afcuns iffues ou profitz avoir dicelles en le mefne temps Sc qe les ditz heirs eient leur fuite Sc recoverer en mefme la manere come defuis.

CAP. XIV.

The King’s Pardon of Robberies, Thefts, Outrages, and Riots committed in the Time of the

Commotion.

ITEM les Communes monftrerent au Roy cn mefme le parlement coment en le dit an unzifme a temps Ttxp. & Rep.

qe les Seignurs qe font atteintz foy leverent en graunt nombre forciblement ove plufours gentz Sc vin- 1 H. 4. c. 3. drent a Rodcotbrigg Sc plufeurs roberies larcyns felonies trefpaffes outrages Sc riotes feurent faitz par quel graunt mefehief Sc troeble purra advenir au poeple enapres dont ils prierent pur efehuir tieux mefehiefs k troebles qe y plerroit au Roy dordeigner Sc efiablir en le dit parlement qe touz aftions Sc fuytes de partie pur touz roberies larcyns felonies trefpaffes outrages Sc riotes faitz par ceux qi leverent Sc feurent en la compaignie des ditz Seignurs a cel temps Sc par celle enchefon foient exteintz pur touz jours. Sur quoi noftre Seignur le Roi par advys de leftatz du parlement ad ordeignez Sc eftabliz qe touz les ditz actions Sc fuites foient toutoutrement exteintz Sc adnullez fanz ent avoir a&ion ou remede aucunement en temps advenir.

C A P.

42 2 C. 15, l6.

$xp. & Rep. s 4. c. 3. a H. 4. c. *3,

Ixp. & Rep. 3 K. 4. c. 3.

Anno vicehmo primo Richardi II. A. D. 1397.

CAP. XV.

The King’s Pardon to all his Subjedils of Alienations without Licence, Intrufions by the Heirs after the 'Death of their Anceftors, Treafons, Felonies, -&c.

Ex Rot. hi <Turr. Lond.

ITEM noftre Seignur Ie Roy en le dit parlement confiderant 1c graunt affedlion 2& chiertee a luy monftrez par fon poeple & lour bone port h le graunt tendreffe et diligence qiis oiint euz pur falvation de fon roi leftat et droit de fa corone' et auffy pur confideration de la .graunte qils ountfait a cell foiz de lour bone volentepluis qils ountfait as afcuns de fes progenitours pardevant ceftaflavoir le fubfide des leins quirs ct peaux laiimz pur terme de fa vie et une difme et quinzifme et demye appaiers en man ere comprife snleur graunte fuifdite et voillant tie fa roiale benignite purvoire a la.quiete pees et tranquillite de fon dit poeple et qils eient le grehidre caufeet corage de bien faire et leur meulx porter en temps,avenir ad pardonez et re-leflez ’ as touz fcs liges dEn.gleterre de queconqe eftat ou condition qils foient et a chefcun de eux touz maneres des efirhapes de felons chateux des futifs et felons trefpas negligences mefprifions ignorances et tcuz autres articles deir et autres chofes efchuz ou nvenuz deinz le Roialme dEngleterre doht le puniffement cher-roit en fyn ou en raunceon ou en autres peins pecuniers ou autrement emprifonementz amerciementz dcs communes des villes ou de fingulers perfones ou en charge de frank tenement de ceux qi unqes.ne treCpafte-rent come heirs ou terrctenantz des efchetours vifcontz ou coroners et autres tieux et enfement lour ad pardonez et releflcz touz maneres .des douns alienations et purchacez faitz par eux ou par afcun de. eux des terres tenement? ou afcuris.autres poffeffions temiz de luy en chief liiunz licence du Roy et touz manercs.des entres faitz.en leur heritage.purchace ou autrement en partie ou en tout apres la mort leur aunceftre ou daf-cuny autre faunz purfuite ou due procelle ent faite tanqe al Joedy le darrein jour del mois de Januer le darrein jour del dit parlement forfpris ceux terres tenementz et poffeffions qe .font alienez a mort mayn faunz licence roiale et auffi lour ad entierment pardonez et releffez touz maneres de fyns amercimentz iffues for-faitz nient adjuggez ne terminez faitz efchuz ou avenuz deinz mefme le Roialme dEngleterre devant le dit Joedy. Et auffi. lour ad pardone generalment la fuite -de fa. pees purtouzmaneres des trefons et felonies faitz ou perpetrcz devant le dit Joedy et les .utlagaries fi nulles y foient par ycelles enchefons en eux pro-nunciez forfpris murdres et rapes des femmes et communes larons enditez le dit Joedy et ceux qi font parr liours et ceux qi font appellez de mort de homme al fuite de partie et forfpris ceux qi ont compaffez et purpofez la mort du Roy. Purveuz toutfoiz qe nully eit benefice de cefte pardon pur trefon ne felonie fil ne puriue chartre de pardon. Purveu auffy toutfoiz qe ceux qi chivacherent et foy leverent forciblement en-contre le Roy lan de fon regne unzifme ovek les Seignurs qi font ore adjuggez et convidtz naient null benefice de ccile faite a celle temps frls ne purfuient ent chartres de pardon en celle par.tie parentre cy et la fefte de Seint Johan !e Baptiftre-profchein avenir. Et noftre dit Seignur le Roy fur -la graunte de celle grace et pardon enfyfaitz a les lieges a cefte foitz fift overt declaration par fon bouche demefne qe fi les Seignurs ou communes du Roialme qi viendront as parlementz en temps avenir metterit ou facent impediment ou de-fturbance a contraire del grante du dite fubfide des leins quirs et peaux lanutz enfi grauritez a luy a terme de fa vie qeadonqes la dite grace et pardon foit voide ettoutoutrement adnullez.

cap. xvr.

Authority given by Parliament to certain Commiflioners to examine and anfwer Petitions ex*

hibited to the King.

VTEM fait aremembrer qe come noftre Seignur le Roy a la requefte des Communes de mefme le parle-X ment eantz devers euxdiverfes petitions fiben pur efpecialx perfones come autres nient luez ne refpoun-duz et queux pur briefte du temps ne purroient bonemect eftre terminez durant le temps du parlement eit ordeine et affigne par audloritee et affent du dit parlement Johan Due de Lancaftre Efmond Due dEver-v/yk Edward Due dAumarle Thomas Due de Surr’ Johan Due dExceftre Johan Markys de Dors’ Roger Cont de la Marche Johan Cont de Saresbirs Henr’ Cont de Northumb’ Thomas Cent de Glouceftr’ Thomas Cont de Wirceftre et William Cont de Wiltes ou fys de eux Johan Buffy Hen’ Grene Johan Ruffell Richard Chelmefwyk Robert Teye et Johan Golofre Chivalers veignantz pur les Communes du Roialme a dit parlement ou trois de eux de examiner refpoundre et pleinement terminer toutz les ditz .petitions et les matiers contenuz en ycelles come leur meulx femblera par lour bone advys et diferetion e:i celle partie par audiorite du dit parlement come plus pleinement appiert en le rolle du parlement noftre Seignur le Roy par affent de les ditz Dues dEverwyk Auinarle Surr’ et Exceftre et del.dit M-arkis et de les ditz Contz de la Marche Screfbirs et Glouceftre et les ditz Johan Buffy Henr’ Grene et Johan Ruflell par vertue et audio-rite de la dite poair iffint a eu:< commys en parlement ad refeeuz et oiez ceiteins petitions et fur ceo faitz certeins ordenances et eftatutz enfuantz Ceftaffavoir qe come en un eftatut fait en parlement noftre Seignur le Roy tenuz a Weftrn’ lan de fon regne trefziline foit contenue qe null fuour ne cordev/aner ne ufe la miftier de tanner ne null tanner ne ufe la miller de cordewaner ne fuour fur certeine peine compris en mefme leftatut. Et nientcontrefteant le dit eftatut & peyne plufours cordewaners & fuours tincore ufent la mifter de tanner come devant en contempt noftre Seignur le Roy Sz graunt defeeit & empoveriffement des communes a caufe qe due execution ne ent eft faite. Sur quoy noftie Seignur le Roy voet & ad ordene & eftabliz de.Iaffentfuif-dit qe le dit eftatut iffint fait foit tenuz oc duement executz ovek les peynes diccll en touzpointz nientcontre-fleant afcun rcpelle eftatut ou ordenance fait a contraire.

CAP,

A. D. 139;.

C. 17—19

Anno vicefimo pritno Richardi IL

423

CAP. XVII.

There fiiall be no Licences granted to fnip Merchandifes of the Staple to any other Place but to

'' 1	i	'	Calais.

Ex Rot* lit Turr. Loud.

ITEM a la grevoufe pleynt deCommunes monftrantz cement leftaple eftoit limite pur demurer a Caleys & qe touz les leyns peaux lanutz quirs pkimbe Sc efteigne furmage bure mele felparie & feu paffantz hors du Roialme dEngleterre Sc de les terres dlrland & Gales averoient recours a dit lieu de Caleis & null lieu aillours certeins perfones par lour fuggeftions ount purebafez licences damefner Leins Sc autres merchandifes fuifiitz vers queux partees qe lour plerradela la meer la oil ceux qe nount iny tieux licences coveignent de-murer a dit lie'll de Caleis a graunt profit de ceux qe fount licencez Sc damage de ceux qe nount licences Sc deftruiftion de la dit eftaple Sc a graunt damage del mynt coignage Sc cuftumes a Caleis le Roi del afient fuifait voet & ad ordeigne Sc eftablez qe leftatut ent fait foit tenuz &• gardez quaunt a grolTes merchandifes ceflraf-iavoir leins quirs peaux lanutz efteigne Sc plumbe tantfoulement faunz grantcr afeune licence a contraire ft noun par efpeciale congie de Roi mefines Sc fi afeun tiele licence foit graunte a contraire foit repelle.

Rep. iH. 4. c. ■>,

By iS F. 6 c. 3,

Batter and Cl eejc may ie t> anj-fwttd uiiloit Licence,

.a '. ■■	CAT.	XVIII.

Stones fhall be carried for Laftage towards the Repair of the Beacons * the Place called Paradife,

and other decayed Places in Calais.

ITEM come entre plufours overeignes efteantz entour la ville de Caleys queux en defenfe &falvation de Rep. 1H.4.CL3, mefme la ville '& de les marches illoeqes etobofoignont de jour en autre eftre maintenuz Sc repareillez y 10	6-	c.	3.

fount deux grofies. overeignes le pluis neccnaries de toutditz eftre fu-ftenuz & fupportez Ceftafiavoir les Beeke-nes devant la port illoeqes et le lieu appell Paradis qe eft bien pres les fofles de mefme la ville les queles beekenes par les hydoufes concourfes et rages de la meer fount toutditz enfebliflez et empirez fibien des peres hors buttez de leftqfFure dicelles come auxi demarefme enfy qe fils ne foient haftyment amendez faitz et re-paraillez le dit port eft eij Voie deftre de tout deftruitz eft anfentez pur touz jours et le "dit'lieu- de Para-ays eft a prefent fi ruinous et fieblez qe fil ne fait de npvell fait et fufficeanfement maintenuz et gardez il eft femblable qen ceo defaut les mures du dit ville dicelle "partie en poi de temps par les tres habunaantes concourfes de meer ferrount_.de tout defchdez en deftrudtion et anientiffement du dit ville a graunde- damage de noftre dit Seignur le Roy, et de fon Roialme qe Dieu deferide encontre les quelle3 perils toutditz mettre fuf-ficeantreimedie'as couftages et defpenfes noftre dit St’ignui: le Roy foulement il luy- eft et ferra trefgraund et trefgrevous charge fil nent foit mys ordenartcc covenabie. .Ear q.uoy noftre Seignurle Roy de laflent avaunt-dit ad ordcignez et eftabliz qe toutz maneres 'des niefs an dit port acuftumez de venir hors dEngleterre les batelx des pefibners foulement horfprifts portent ovefqe eux tout lour laftage des bones piers' covenables pur leftuffure de les beeknes fufditz en fefant ent refonable deliverance de temps en temps a lour venue illoeqes al Treforer qi pur le temps y ferra ou as autres miniftres a ceo par luy ordeinez fur la peine de deux deniers pur le pois de chcfcunes tonelx es atauntz qe les ditz niefs foient de portage et qe touz maneres des niefs au dit lieu de Paradys pur y repofer entrauntz paient a chefcun leur entre illoeqes quatorze deniers defter-linges et fur ceo bien leur life fils vuillent y demurer par quatorfe jours ovefqe atauntz des noets adonqe prolcheyns enfuyantz fanz pluis ent paier pur lour dite entre et en cas qils demoergent pluis outre les quatorfe jours et noets fuifdites adonqe paient ils pur chefcun jour et noet un denier et pur le foul jour une made et purle foul noet une maille et outre ceo qe null manere de perfone ne fe prefume de null manere nief ne batel! par cable eorde ne autrement fermer a les marefme ne piers de les ditz Beekenes ne I’aradys ne de le novell Keye autrement appelle le Wharf a la coft du dit port de Caleys fur la peine de quarant de-niers a levers de la nief qi enfi foit trove fermee et qe le dit Treforer qi pur le temps y ferra eit pleyn poait* per luy et fes deputes de lever et receiver les deniers de les peines fuifditz encurruz fourdantz et ent faire paiement folom ceoqe bufoigne luy ferra en fon dit office par vevve et controllement del controllour de noftre dit Seignur le Roy illoeqes.

CAP. XIX.

A Rehearfal and Confirmation of the Statutes of 25 Edw. 3. cap. 4: and 45 Edw. 3. cap. 2. touching the pulling down of Wears, Mills, Stakes, &c.

ITEM come par Seignur Edward nadgairs Roy dEngleterre Aiel noftre Seignur le Roy qor eft lan de Rep,c.,• fon regne vim ..t quint pur ceo qe communes paflages des niefs et bateux en les grants rivers dEngleterre fi-feurent fovent foiz deftourbez par le lever des gortz molyns eftankes eftakes ct kideux en graunt damage du p'oe'ple accordez feuft et eftablez qe toutz tieux gortz molyns eftankes eftakes et kideux qe feurent levez et mys en temps le Roy Edward fitu au Roy Henry et depuis en tieux rivers par queux les niefs et bateux font deftourbez qils ne poent pafler come ils foleient foient ouftez et nettement abatuz faunz eftre relevez et qe briefs ferroient fur ceo maundez as vifcounlz des lieux ou meftier ferroit de furveer et denquere et de faire ent execution et auxint qe Juftices ferroient fur ceo affignez a touz les foitz qjl bufoignereit. Et apres ala grevoufe pleinte des grauntz et des Communes fait en parlement du dit Roi Edward laiel lan de fon regne quarant et quint compleignant par leur petition qe le dit eftatut neftoit pas duement execut ne gardez folonc leffeift; dicell eftoit accordez et eftabliz qe le dit eftatut en ceo point foit tenuz et gardez folonc leftedt

3	dicell

^J.2C. 2O

A. D. 1397

Anno vicelitno primo Richardi II.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

dice’ll ajouftant a ycell qe fi null tiele anufance foit abatuz par due proces contenue en le dit eftatut celuy qc ferra relevcr la dite anufance et de ceo foit atteint duement encourge la peine de cent marez devers le Roi a lever par leftretez en lefeheqer. Et autiel ley foy teigne de anufance fait par le enhancer de tieux gorts molyns eftanks eftakes ct kydeux come par novell lever come en les ditz eftatutz plus pleinement appiert. Et ore a la requeft des dites Communes monftrantz par leur petition qe les communes paffages des niefs et bateux en les grantz rivers dEngleterre et auxint prees et paftures et terres femez adjoignantz as ditz rivers font grantement deftourbez furoundez gaftuz et deftruitz par les outrageoufes enhancer et eftreiteur des gortz molyns eftanks eftakes et kideux auncienement faitz et levez devant le temps du dit Roi Edward filz au Roy Henry dount grauntz damages et perdes font avenuz fovent al poeple du Roialme et avren-drent de jour en autre ft remedie ent ne foit mys Accorde eft et eftabliz del aftent avantdit qe les ditz efta-■ tutz foient en touz lour articles tenuz & fermement gardez & duement executz ovek les peynes & folonc Ieftedt dicelles adjouftant a ycelles qe commiffions foient faitz en due forme as fufficeauntz perfones deftre Juftices en chefcun countee dEngleterre 011 bufoigne ferra de furveere & garder les eawes & grauntz rivers llloeqes & les defautes corriger & amender & due execution faire de les ditz eftatutz folonc leffcdle dicelles ftbien par lour furveu avis & diferetion come par enqueftes ent aprendre deins fraunchifes & dehors ft & quant bufoigne ferra & doier & terminer les chofes fuifditz & outre ceo de furveer les gortz molyns eftankes eftakes & kydeux auncienement faitz & levez devant le dit temps de Roy E. filz au Roy Henry & ceux qils troverent trop enhancez ou eftreitez de les corriger abater & amender en la manere & forme fuifdite fauvant toutfoitz refonable fubftance de les gortz molyns eftanks eftakes & kydeux fuifditz iffint auncienement faitz & levez. Et ft afeuns tiels anufances des gortz molyns eftankes eftakes & kydeux des paffages et eftroitures auncienement faitz et levez foient ajuggez ou agardez par les ditz Juftices deftre abatuz et amendez celuy qi ad le franc tenement dicelles ferra ent execution a fes courtages deinz une demy an apres notification a luy ent affaire fur peyne de cent marez a paiers au Roy par eftreites en lefeheker et celuy qi les face relever ou enchancer ou eftraiter encontre le dit juggement et de ceo foit duement convict encourge la peine de cent marez a paiers a Roy par eftretes en lefeheqer fuifdit. Et en cas qe afeun fe fent eftre grevez. par execution ou autre voie en celle partie encontre droit et refon purfue et eit droit et remedie.

CAP. XX.

Wholbever fhall purfue to repeal any of thefe Statutes, and that proved in Parliament, fhall be

adjudged a Traitor.

Rej>. 1H.4.C.3. TTEM le Roy par niefine laffent de les ditz Seignurs et chivalers enfi allignez par la dite au&oritee dil-J. parlement voet et ad ordenez qe chefcun qi purfue ou procure de repeller ou reverfer afeuns des dites eftatutz ou ordenances faites par le Roy de laffent des ditz Seignurs et chivalers iffint aftignez par poair et auftorite du parlement et ceo duement provee en parlement qil foit adjuggez et eit execution come traitour au Roy et a Roialme en mefme le manere come ceux qi purfuont ou procuront de repeller les eftatutz et or^ denances faites en temps del dit parlement durant.

Tbis whole Parliament of the 21 R,t, U repealed ly 111.4. f. 3,

Anno

A. D. 1399

Anno primo Henrici IV,

Cap. ij 2.	425

Anno primo HENRICI IV.

Statutes made at Weftminfter in the Firjl Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, and in the Year of our Lord 1399.

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. m. 20.

ENRY par la grace de Dieu Roy dEngle-terre & de Fraunce St Seignur dlrland al honour de Dieu St reverence du feinte efglife pur nurrir unitee pees St Concorde des toutz partz oeinz le Roialme dEngleterre St pur releva-tion St recoverer de mefme le Roialme qore tard ad efte mefchiefoufement mys a trefgraunde ruyne mefchief & defolation del affent des Prelates Dues Contz & Barons St al inftance St efpeciale requeft des communes de mefme ceft Roialme affemblez a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ en le fell de feinte Feie la virgine lan de fon regne primer ad fait ordiner St eftablire certains ordinaunces St efta-tutz en la forme qenfuit.

CAP. I.

ENRY by the Grace of God, King of England, and of France, and Lord of Ireland, to the Laud and Honour of God, and Re-“ verence of holy Church, for to nourifh Unity, Peace, “ and Concord of all Parties within the Realm of “ England, and for the Redrefs and Recovery of the “ fame Realm, which now of late hath been danger-“ oufly put to great Ruin, Mifchief, and Defolation ; “ of the Affent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, “ and at the Inftance and Special Requeft of the Com-“ mons of the fame Realm, affembled at his Parliament “ holden at JVeJhninJler in the Feaft of St. Faith the “ Virgin, the firft Year of his Reign, hath made, “ ordained, and eftabliflied certain Ordinances and “ Statutes in Form as hereafter followeth,”

A Confirmation of the Liberties of tlie Church, and of all Statutes not repealed. Juftice

fhall be done, and Peace kept.

PRimerement qe feint efglife eit &enjoiez toutes fes droitures libertees St franchifes entierment St faunz emblemiffement et qe la Graunde Chartre et la Chartre de la Foreft et toutz les autres bones ordinances St eftatutz faites en temps de fes nobles progenitours & nient repellez foient ferme-ment tenuz St gardez en toutz pointz et qe le paix deinz fon Roialme foit tenuz St gardez iffint qe toutz fes loialx lieges St fubgitz purront defore faufment St paifiblement aler venir St demorer fe-lonc les loies St ufages de mefme le Roialme St qe bone juftice St oell droit foit fait a chefcuny.

c TPIRST, That holy Church have and enjoy all her c A1 Rights, Liberties, and Franchifes, entirely and c without imblemiftiing. And that the great Charter, c and the Charter of the Foreft, and other good Ordi-‘ nances and Statutes made in the Time of his noble ‘ Progenitors, and not repealed, be firmly holden and ‘ kept in all Points; and that the Peace within this ‘ Realm be holden and kept, fo that all his lawful liege ‘ People and Subjects may from henceforth fafely and ‘ peacefully go, come, and dwell, according to the * * Lams ar.d ‘ lawful Ufages of the fame Realm ; and that good ‘ Juftice and even Right be done to every Pcrfon.’	Cmfinnedty i H.

4-r-I. 7H.4.

CAP. II.

None fhall be impeached that did affifi: King Hen. 4. or helped to purfue King Rich. 2, or

his Adherents.

ITEM qe null Seignur efpirituel ne temporel nautre perfone queconqe de quel eftat ou condition qil foit

qi viendrent ove noftre dit Seignur le Roi qoreft el Roialme dEngleterre nautres perfones quelconqes E X P. adonqes demurrantz en mefme le Roialme et qi viendrent au dit Roi en eide de luy a purfuier ceaux qi feurent encontre le bone entent noftre dit Seignur le Roi St le commune profit du Roialme en quel purfuit Richard nadgairs Roi dEngleterre le fecond apres le conqueft fuit purfuie pris & mys en garde St unqore demoert en garde ne foit empefehez moleftes ne grevez en perfone mn biens en courte du Roy nen autry court pur la purfuit de dit Roy prife St detenue de fon corps ne pur la purfuit dautri prife des perfones St cha-teux ou de mort dome ou qeconqe autre chofe fait en la dite purfuit del jour qe le dit Roi quor eft arriva tanq a jour de coronement de noftre dit Seignur le loi Henry. Et neft pas lentention noftre dit Seignur le Rot qe meffaifours qi firent trefpaffes ou autres malx hors de la dit purfuit faunz efpeciale garrant foient covertcs naient avantage de cefte eftatut ainz qils ent foient refpoinantz a la commune ley.

VOL. I.

lii

CAP.

426 Cap. 3—6

A. D. 1399.

E X P.

Anno primo Hen rici IV.

cap. nr.

A Repeal of the whole Parliament holden Anno 21 Rich. 2. and of the Authority given

thereby.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Load.

ITEM come le Lunedy profchein apres le fell del Exaltation de lafeintecroice lan du regne le ditnadgairs Roi Richard vingt primer un parlement feut fomonez Sc tenuz a Weftm’ & dilloefqes adjournez a Sa-lopbirs a quelle ville certaine poair feut commys par au&orite du parlement as certains perfones de pro-ceder fur certains articles Sc matiers comprifez en rolle du parlement ent fait come par mefme le rolle y purra apparoir cn quel parlement & auxint par laudlorite fuifdite diverfes eftatutz juggementz ordinances & efta-blifTementz feurent faitz ordinez Sc renduz erronoufement Sc tres dqloroufement en graunde defberitifon & final definition & anientifment des plufours honurables Seignurs Sc autres lieges du Roialme Sc de lour heirs as touz jours Noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant les trefgraundes mefchiefs avantdites de ladvys Sc af-fent des tcutz les Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx Sc de tout la comminaltee de Roialme ad ajuggez le dit parlement tenuz le dit an vingt primer Sc lau&oritee ent done come defuis eft dit ove toutes les circum-ftances & dependences dicell deftre de null force ou value et qe mefme le parlement ove laucforite fufdite be touz les circumftances Sc dependences dicell foient de tout reverfez revokez irritez caffez repellez pur touz jours.

CAP. IV.

A Confirmation of the Parliament holden 11 Rich. 2.

4 TTEM, It is accorded, affented, and eftablifhed, * JL That the Parliament holden at Weftminjler, the 4 Eleventh Year of the faid late King Richard, be 4 firmly holden and kept according to the Purport of 4 the fame, as a Thing made for the great Honour and 4 common Profit of this Realm.’

ITEM accordez eft afientuz Sc eftabliz qe le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan unzifme le dit nad-gairs Roi Richard foit fermement tenuz Sc gar-dez felonc le purport Sc effeft dicelle come chofe fait pur trefgrand honure Sc commune profit de tout le Roialme.

CAP. V.

A Reftitution of thofe, or their Pleirs, which were attainted at the Parliament holden 21

Rich. 2.

ITEM ordeinez eft & afientuz qe les Seignurs Sc autres qi feurent forjuggez en dit parlement tenuz le dit an vingt Sc primer ou par audloritee dicell qore font en vie & les heirs des Seignurs & autres qi font mortz foient entierment reftorez & reftitutz a lour nouns heretages & poffeffions reverfions fees advoefons offices libertes Sc franchiles qeconqes auxi entierment come les dites Seignurs Sc autres qore font en vie ou les Seignurs Sc autres qi font mortz aunceftres des heirs fufdits ou les enfeoffez des ditz Seignurs ou de les autres fufditz ou autres enfeoffez a lour oeps feurent al temps du juggement renduz devers eux le dit an vingt primer par entree faunz autre purfuit ent faire ou liveree avoir dicelles. Sauvant toutefoitz qe les ditz Seignurs nc les autres avantditz naient riens de les ifl'ues ent prifez en le mefne temps. Et quant a les biens Sc chateux qi feurent as ditz Seignurs ou les autres perfones fufditz enfi forjuggez des queux le Roi neft pas refponduz Sc font es mains des vifeontz efehetours ou autres officers miniftres ou perfones qeconqes Sc par eux concelez le Roi voet Sc graunt qe mefmes les Seignurs Sc autres qore font en vie Sc les executours ft adminiftratours de ceaux qi font mortz ent eient liveree Sc reftitution Sc qe les vifeontz efehetours officers & miniftres enfi occupiantz les ditz biens Sc chateux par tide concelement foient puniz pur mefme le con-celement.

CAP. VI.

In a Petition to the King, of Lands, Offices, CSV. the Value hull be contained.

3 Co. 31. 3i H.

* TTEM, To the Intent that our faid Lord the King 4 A in Time to come fliall not be deceived in his 4 Grants or Gifts annual, or in Fee, or in any Offices 4 by him to be given, made, or granted, he will, by 4 the Afient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal afore-4 faid, and at the Requeft of the faid Commons, be 4 counfellcd by the wife Men of his Council in Things 4 touching the Eftate of him and of his Realm, faving 4 always his Liberty. Alfo he hath ordained aiid 4 ftablifhed by the Afient aforefaid, That all they 4 which from henceforth do demand of t,hy King,

ITEM au fyn qe noftre dit Seignur le Roi en temps avenir ne foit deceuz en les grauntes ou douns annuels ou en fee ou en acunes offices par lui a doners fairs ou graunters il voet de laffent des Seignurs efpirituelx cc temporelx fufditz Sc a la requeft des ditz communes eftre confeillez par les fages de fon confeil es chofes touchantz lelbat de lui Sc de fon Roialme fauvant toutefoitz fa libertce. Et voet & ad ordeinez Sc eftabliez de laffent fufdit qe toulz ceux qi defore enavant demanderont du Roi terres tencmentz rentes offices a/inuitecs ou

autres

A. D. 1399. Anno primo Henrici IV.

Cap. 7, 8.	427

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Land. autres profitz qeconqes facent exprefte mention en lour petitions de la value de la chofe enfi a de-mander et auxi de ce qils ont eue du doun de Roi Ou des autres fes progenitours ou predeceffours par-devant. Et en cas qils ne facent tiel mention en lour ditz petitions & ce duement prove foient les lettres patentes du Roi ent faites nient variables ne de null force neft'ect Mais de tout revokez repel-lez Sc adnullez pur touz jours au puniffement de ceux qenfi ont fait tiel deceit au Roi come ceux qi ne font pas dignes denjoier leftedl Sc benefice des lettres patentes a eux grauntez en celle par-tie.

CAP

Lands, Tenements, Rents, Offices, Annuities, or

any other Profits, fhall make exprefs Mention in their

Petitions of the Value of the Thing fo to be demanded,

and alfo of that which they have had of the King’s

Gift, or of other his Progenitors or Predeceffors be- Co. Lit. >33-»•

fore. And in cafe they make not fuch Mention in

their faid Petitions, and that duly proved, the King’s

Letters Patents thereof made ftull not be available,

nor of any Force nor Effect, but wholly revoked,

repealed, and adnulled for ever; to the Punilhment

of them which fo have done Deceit to the King, as

they that be not worthy to enjoy the Effect and

Benefit of the Letters Patents to them granted in this Expanded ty %

***• ^ 6

H. 4. c. 2.

. VII.

The Penalty for unlawful giving or wearing of Liveries. Who may wear the King’s Liveries, and in what Places. To what Perlons only Liveries may be given.

ITEM pur oufter meintenance & nurrir amour paix Sc quiete des toutz partz parmy le Roialme ordeinez Confirmed ly 7 eft & eftabliez par le Roi & les Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporclx & les communes fufditz en pleine par- .ealed'ty 3 lenient qe null Seignur de quel eftat ou condition qil foit ufe ne doigne afeune liveree de figne de com- clr. 1. c. 4. paignie a nul chivaler efquier ne vallet deinz le Roialme fufdit Sauvant toutefoitz qe noftre dit Seignur le Roi durra tantfoulement fon honurable liveree a les Seignurs temporelx queux lui plerra Sc fauvant auxi qe mefme noftre Seignur le Roi durra fon dit honurable liveree a fes chivalers Sc efquires menialx Sc auxi a fes chivalers & efquiers qi font de fa retenue & preignant de lui lour fee annuel pur terme de vie. Et outre ce accordez eft Sc aflentuz par le Roi Sc les Seignurs Sc communes fufditz qe les ditz chivalers Sc efquiers ne ufent aucunement lour ditz liverees en lour pais ou contees es queux ils font receantz ou demurrantz naillours deinz le Roialme hors du prefence du Roi et ft aucun Seignur face au contrair Sc ce duement provee qil face fyne Sc ranceon a la volunte de Roi et ft aucun chivaler ou efquier face la contrair Sc de ce foit duement atteint perde fon dit liveree Sc forface fon fee pur touz jours. Et qe null vadlet appelle yoman preigne ne ufe nulle liveree du Roi ne de null autre Seignur fur peine demprifonement Sc de faire fine Sc ranceon a la volunte de Roi. Purveux toutefoitz qe les coneftable & marefchal dEngleterre pur le temps efteantz ove lour retinue des chivalers Sc efquiers puifl'ent ufer la dit liveree du Roi fur les frontiers Sc la marche du Roialme en temps'de guerre et purveux auxi qe touz ceux qi veullent travailler Sc paffent le meer as parties de uela pur quere honure purroient ufer mefme la liveree celles parties faunz ent eftre aucunement grevez ou empefehez. Et outre ceo accordez eft S: afl’entuz qe null Ercevefque Evefqe Abbe ne Prioitr ne null autre homme de feinte efglife ou temporel dc quell eftat ou condition qil foit deinz le dit Roialme doigne aucune liveree de drap a nully mais foulement a fes menialx et officers & ceux qi font dc fon confeil fibien efpirituelx come temporclx aprifez de lunc ou lautre ley fur peync de faire fine Sc ranceon al volunte de Roi. Et comencera ceft ordcnance & eftatut dc tenir lieu de le feft de Chandeleurs profeheine avenir.

CAP. VIII.

Affife maintainable by the Diffeifee againft the King’s Patentee of Lands.

ITEM a la grevoufe compleint des ditz communes fait en dit parlement coment plufours des lieges noftre dit Seignur le Roi qont efte feifiz Sc pofleffionez des terres Sc tenementz par lour droit Sc title tanqal darreine venue noftre dit Seignur le Roi en Engleterre qe par Suggeftion" a lui fait les dit terres & tenementz ont efte grauntez as diverfes perfones & lettres patentes ent faitz iffint qe par colour des tielx grauntes Sc lettres pa-tentz les tenantz & verroies pofl’eflburs des ditz tenementz es plufours contes fontdsfeifez Sc ouftez dicelles a lour grand damage Sc encontre le cours de la commune ley noftre dit Seignur le Roy confi-deraunt le mefehief fufdit Sc veulant fur ce ordeiner due remede de ladvys & affent des Seignurs & communes fuifditz ad ordeinz Sc eftabliz qe la ou terres ou tenementz font grauntez par patent du Roi fanz title trove par enqueft ou autre vie Sc la ou lentree du Roi neft pas done par la ley Aient ceux

“ ITEM, At the grievous Complaint of the find “ A Commons, made in the faid Parliament, how “ many of the King’s liege People, which have been “ feiled and poffeiled of Lands and Tenements, by “ their Right and Title, until the laft coming of our “ Lord the King into England, that upon Suggeftion “ made to him, the faid Lands and Tenements have “ been granted to divers Perfons, and Letters Patents “ thereof made, fo that by Colour of fuch Grants “ and Letters Patents, the Tenants and true Owners “ of the faid Tenements in divers Counties be diffeifed cc and put out of the fame, to their great Damage, and “ againft the Courfe of the Common Law ‘ (2) Our ‘ Lord the King conftdering the Mifchiefs aforefaid,

‘ and willing thereupon to provide due Remedy, by ‘ the Advice and Affent of the.Lords and Commons ‘ aforefaid, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That in Fitz, Affife, ‘ cafe any Lands or Tenements be granted by the 364, 467.

( King’s Patent, without Title found by Inqueft or Iii 2	‘	other-

423

Cap. g, IQ, ii. Anno primo H e n r i c i IV. A. D. 1399.

4 otherwife, where the King’s Entry is not given by * Law, they that be put out or diffeifed of their Free-4 hold, (hall have a fpecial Affife of the Chancellor’s 4 Grant, without other Suit to be made to the King ‘ in that Behalf: (3) And if the Parties or Perfons ha-4 ving the King’s Letters Patents do pray in Aid, a 4 Writ of Procedendo fhall be granted by the faid Chan-4 cellor, without making other Suit to the King; (4) 4 and in cafe that they which be put out, or diffeifed, 4 do recover againft the Perlons having fuch Patents, 4 they which be fo put out or diffeifed fhall recover 4 their treble Damages; (5) and that this Ordinance 4 and Statute hold Place as well after the King’s Ar-4 rival into England, as in all Time to come.

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond. qi font ouftez ou difeifez de lour franc tenement efpeciale affife du graunt du Chaunceller faunz autre purfuite faire au Roi celle partie et fi les per-fones eiantz les patentes du Roi prient en eide foit graunte brief de procedendo par le dit Chaunceller faunz autre purfuit faire au Roi &c en cas qe les ditz ouftez ou diffeifez recoverent devers les per-fones eiants tielx patents qe mefmes les ouftez ou diffeifez recoverent lour damage a treble. Et qe ceft ordinance & eftatut tiegne lieu fibien puis larivall du Roi en Engleterre come en temps ave-nir.

CAP. IX.

A Confirmation to the Purchafers of Lands fold, which were forfeited to the King.

HP,	TTEM	come	entre	autres	ordinances & eftatutz faitz lan unzifme le dit nadgairs Roi P„ichard ordeinez

JL foit & eftabliz qe les graundes officers du dit nadgairs Roi par advis des autres Seignurs de confeil eient poair dc vendre parcelle de les forfaitures de ceux qi feurent forjuggez en le parlement tenus le dit an unzifme par lour bone diferetion & qe les doun & graunte affairs fur tiel vente foit ferme & eftable Noftre dit Seignur le Roi par advis & affent de les Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la requeft des ditz communes confiderant content plufours ventes ont efte faites par force de les ordinance & eftatut fuifditz ad ordeinez & eftabliz qe les douns <k grauntes enft faites par vertue des ventes fuifditz tantfoulement eftoi-fent en lour force & vertue noun obftantz afeuns douns ou grauntz faitz au contrair & qe ceux qi veulent fuir pur confirmation avoir dc lour purchace fait celle partie qils ent eient confirmation paiantz les fines Sc 11R. 2. c. 6. fees cnt duez.

C A P. X.

Nothing fhall be accounted Treafon but what was made Treafon in the Time of

King Edward the Third.

25 Ed, 3. sat. 44 TTEM, Whereas in the faid Parliament holden 5- c-	44	Jl the faid one and twentieth Year of the faid late

3'/‘ 12‘ CC King Richard, divers Pains of i reafon were or-£f ii. ’ 4'3‘44C dained by Statute, in as much that there was no 2/;. 6. c. 17.	44	Man which did know how he ought to behave

44 himfelf, to do, fpeak, or fay, for Doubt of fuch 44 Pains;” 4 (2) It is accorded and affented by the 4 King, the Lords and Commons aforefaid, That in See farther cm- 4 no Time to come any Treafon be judged otherwife, ff'ffg’Trea'm. ‘ than it was ordained by the Statute in the Time of i M.'r V/rr V*' ‘ his noble Grandfather King Edward the Third, c. i	4	whom God affoil.’

ITEM come en le dit parlement tenuz le dit an vingt primer le dit nagdairs Roi Richard plufours peines de traifon feurent ordeinez par eftatut parenfi qe y navoit aucun homme qa poie favoit coment il fe deuft: avoir de faire parler ou dire par doubte des tielx peines Accordez eft & ailentuz par le Roi & les Seignurs & communes fuifditz qen null temps avenir aucune traifon foit acUugge autrement qe ne feut ordinez par eftatut en temps de fon noble aiel le Roi Edward tiers qi Dieu affoille.

22, //. 8. c. 9. 25 H. 8. c.-zz. 26 H. 8. c. 13. 27 H. 8. c. 2. 28//. S. c. iS. 32 IL S. c. 4. 33 II. S. c. 20	23. 5 & 6 Ed, 6. c, 11. i&iP, & M,

c* iofefu. i El. c, 5. 5 JFT/. c. 1	11. 1-EL c. I Q? 2.	14. El. c\ 1,2	23 El, c.J. 27 EL c. 2.	3 Jac, 1. c. 4. §. 22.	13 Car, 2, flat. 1. c. 1.

3 £r4 IV. M. c, 13. 7 6? 8 TV. 3. c. 3. 9 TV. 3. g 1. 13 W. 3. c. 3©’ 6. 1 Ann, fljt. 2. c. 17. 2	3	Ann. c. 20. 4 Ann. c. 8. 7 Ann, c, 21. 1 Geo, i.Jlat,

33* 3 7	c,	39.	Geo.	2.	c.	9.	and	20	Geo,	2,	c.	30	&	46.

CAP. XI.

How far Sheriffs fhall be charged with the antient Ferrns of the County.

CC

cc

cc

cc

CC

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

ITEM, Whereas the faid Commons by their Petition have fh :wed in the fame Parliament, ho v the Sheriffs of Counties within the P^calm be charged with the antient Perm of the fame Counties, hereas a great Parcel of the Profits of the fame is given feverally to Lords and other the King’s liege People, fo that the fame Sheriffs cannot pay their ' erm without doing Extortion in the faid Counties in great Oppreffion and Hind ance, as well of the faid Sheri'Y, as of the Inhabitants of the faid Coun-3

ITEM come les ditz communes par lour petition ont monftrez en mefine ceft parlement coment les vifeontz des countes dcinz le Roialme font chargez ove launcien ferme des mefmes les contees la ou graunde parcelle des profitz dicelles font donez diverfement as Seignurs <k autres lieges du Roi iflint qe mefmes les vifeontz ne p Trout paier lour ferme faunz extorfion faire es ditz contees en graunt oppreffion & areriffement fibien des ditz I vifeontz come de les enhabitantz es mefmes les

contees

A. D. 1399.	Anno	primo	He'nrici	IV.	Cap.	12.	429

Ex Rot. in Turn. Load, contees noftre Seigtiur le Roi confiderant les mef-chiefs fuifditz de ladvis & affent des Seignurs & communes fuifditz ad ordeinez & eftabliz qe defore en avant les vifcontz des countees dEflex k Hertford’ en efpeciale h les vifcontz des autres contees fuifditz pur le temps efleantz accomptent a lefcheqe.r Sc aient allouance par lour ferement de les iffues des ditz contees fibien puis la date de lour patentes a eux faitz par le dit nadgairs Roi Richard come pur tout temps avenir. Et fi aucun vifcont defore enavant face aucun extortion a poeple & de ce foit atteint qil foit duement punis pur mefme lextorfion a la volunte du Roi.

£c tics ‘ (2) Oiir Lord the King confidering the ‘ Mifchiefs alorefaid, by the Advice and Affent of the ‘ Lords and Commons aiorefaid, hath ordained and c eftablifhed, That from henceforth the Sheriffs of the ‘ County of Ejjex and Hertford in fpeciai, and the ‘ Sheriffs of other Counties aforefaid, for the Time ‘ being, fhall accompt in the Exchequer, and have ‘ Allowance by their Oath of the Iffues of the faid c Counties, as well after the Dates of their Patents c made to them by the faid late Kir.g Richard, as for ■ e all Times to come. (3) And if any Sheriff from The Punl)7i ‘ henceforth do any Extortion to the People, and be ment 0“-na sj^e, c thereof attainted, he fhall be duly punifhed for the riff for Extor-‘ fame Extortion at the King’s Will.’

CAP. XII.

A Confirmation of former Statutes touching pulling down of Wears.



IT E M come Seignur Edward nadgairs Roi dEr.gleterre aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft lan de fon regne vingt & quint pur ce qe communes paffages des niefs & bateux en les graunds rivers dEngleterre fi -feurent fouventfoitz deltourbez par le lever des gors molyns eftankes eftakes & kideux en graunde damage du poeple aecordez feut & eftabliz qe touz tielx gors molyns eftankes eftakes & kideux qi feurent levez & mys en temps le Roi Edward fftz a Roi Hekr’ k depuis en tieulx rivers par queux les niefs & bateux font deftourbez qils ne poient paffer come iis foloient foient ouftez & nettement a'batuz faunz eftre relevez & qe briefs ferroient fur ce maundez as vifcontz des lieux ou meltier ferroit. de furveier.St denquere & de faire ent execution & auxint qe Juftises ferroient fur ce affignez a tons les foitz qil buffoigneroit. Et apres a la grevoufe pleint des graunts & des communes fait en parlement du dit Roi £. laiel lan de fon regne quarant & -quint compleinantz par lour petition qe le dit eftatut neftoit pas duement execut ne gardez felonc leffedt diceile eftoit aecordez & eftabliz qe le dit eftatut en ceo point foit tenuz & gardez felonc leffedt diceile adjouftant a ycell qe fi null tiel anufance foi abatuz par due proceffe con-tenue enjedit eftatut cellui qi ferra relever la dite anufance & de ce foit atteint duement encourge la 'peine de cent marez devers le Roy a lever par leftrete en lefeheqer & autiel loy fe teigne danufance fait par lenhancer de tieux gors molyns eftanks eftakes & kideux come par novel lever come en les ditz eftatutz plus pleinement apiert. Et ore a la requeft des ditz Communes monftrantz par lour petition qe les communes paffages des nie s & bateux en les graundes livers dEngleterre & auxint prees & paftures & terres fernez adjoinantz as ditz rivers font graundement deftourbez furondez gaftez & deftruz par les outrageoufes enhancer & eitrei-ture des gors molyns eftankes eftakes & kydeux aun-cienement faitz Sc levez devant le temps le dit Roi E. fftz a Roi Hekr’ dont graundes damages Sc perdcs font avenuz fovent a poeple de Roialme Si

}TEM, Whereas .by Edward, late King, of J3 Co.-6. England, Grandfather of our Lord the King that 2-5 Ed. 3. iht. now is, the five and twentieth Year of his Reign, s- c. 4. becaufe that the common Paffage of Ships and Boats % Ru,i Siat' 4-in the great Rivers of England were oftentimes di~ fturbed by the levying of Wears, Mills, Stanks,

Stakes, and Kidels, in great Damage of the People, it was accorded. That all fuch Wears, Mills,

Stanks, Stakes, and Kidels, which were levied and fet up in the Time of King Edward, Son to King Henry, and after in fuch Rivers, whereby the Ships and Boats be difturbed, fo that they cannot pafs as they were wont, fhall be wholly pulled down, and not be levied again; (2) and that Writs be thereupon fent to the Sheriffs of Places where Need fhall be, to- furvey and inquire, and to make thereof Execution ; (3) and alio that Juftices be thereupon, afligned at all Times when Need fhall require. (4)

And after at the grievous Complaint of the great Aden and the Commons, made in the Parliament of the faid King Edward the Grandfather, the five and fortieth Year of his Reign, complaining by their Petition, that the faid Statute was not duly executed nor kept after the Effedt of the fame, it was accorded and rtablifhed. That the faid Statute in this Point be holden and kept after the Effedt of the fame ; (5) added to die fame. That if any fuch Noifance be puiled down by due Procefs contained , in the faid Statute, he that will caufe the faid Noi-	3'

fance to be repaired, and thereof be duly attainted, fhall incur the Pain of an hundred Marks to the King, to be levied by the Eftreats of the Exchequer ; (6) and like Law to be holden of a Noifance made by the enhanfing of fuch Wears, Mills,.

Stanks, Stakes and Kidels, as by new levying, as in the fame Statutes more fully doth appear. (7) The Inconve. And now, at the Requeft of the faid Commons, ?'™,Cies e,nm" fhewing by their Petition, that the common Paffages JN a^|a of Ships and Boats in the great Rivers of England, ftraiiening of and alfo Meadows and Paftures, and Lands lowed Wears, Milk, adjoining to the faid P.ivers, be greatly difturbed, S«nks, &c. drowned, wafted, and deftroyed by outragious en- 10 Co‘ 1381 hanfing and ftraiting of Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes and Kidels, in old Time made and levied before the Time of the faid King Edward, fon of King Henry, whereof great Damage and Lofs hath come to the People of the Realm, and daily will.come, if

“ Remedy

Cap. 13.	Anno	primo	Henrici	IV.	A.	D.	1399.

cc

A Confirmati- * on of the Sta- c •tutes of 25 Ed. t

3.	flat. 4. c. 4. ( and 45 Ed. 3.

c. 2. touch- c ing the pulling 4 down or aba- * ting of Wears, Mills, &e,

4

4

Commifiions <■ fhall be award- c ed to certain t Juftices to fur-vey Wears, * and to redrefs * Oifences,	c

4 4 4 & 4 4

He that hath <■ the Freehold 4 of the Land, 4 /hall perform the Juftices award touching c die lame.	c

4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

2 T R. 2. C. I <

Enforced by iaEd. c

4.	c. 7. which

Remedy be not thereof provided * (8) It is accorded and eftablifhed by the AfTent aforefaid, That the faid Statutes be in all their Articles holden, and firmly kept, and duly executed, with all the Pains, and after the Effedt of the fame, (o) Joined thereto, That Commiffions be made in due Form to fuf-ficient Perfons to be Juftices in every County of England, where Need fhall be, to furvey and keep the Waters and great Rivers there, and to correct and amend the Defaults, and to make due Execution of the faid Statutes, after the Efifedt of the fame, as well by their Survey, Advice, and Difcretion, as by. Inquefts thereof to he taken, as well within Fran-chile as without, fo often and when Need fhall be, and to hear and determine the Things aforefaid ; (io) and moreover to furvey the Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kidels in old Times made and levied before the faid Time of King Edward, Son of King Henry; and them that they find too much enhanced or ftraited, to corredt, pull down, and amend in the Manner and Form aforefaid, faving always a reasonable Subftance of Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kidels aforefaid,' fo in old Times made and levied, (u) And if any fuch Noifances of Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kidels, of Pafiages and Straitings in old Times made and levied,-he judged and awarded by the faid Juftices to be pulled down and amended, he that hath the Freehold of the fame fhall make thereof Execution at his own Coils, within half, a Year after Notice to him thereof to be made, upon Pain of an hundred Marks to be paid to the King by Eftreats of the Exchequer ; (12) and he that caufcth them to be repaired or enhanced, or ftraited, againft the faid Judgement, and thereof be duly convift, fhall incur the Pain of an hundred Marks, to be paid to the King by Eflrcats in the Exchequer aforefaid ; (13) and in cafe that any fceleth himfelf grieved by Execution or other Way in this Behalf, againft Right and Reafon, he may purfue, and fhall have Right and Remedy.’	I

injii&i Penalty on Offenders.. Seefarther 3 Jac. 1. c, 12. 7 Jac. 1, c. 19. 6 G? 7 TK 3. c. 16.

Ex Rot. in TvJr. Lond. aviendrent de jour en autre ft remede ent ne foit mis Accordez eft & eftabliz de laftent avauntdit qe les ditz eftatutz foient en touz lour articles tenuz Sc fermement gardez Sc duement executz ovec les peines Sc felonc leffedl dicelles adjouftant a ycelles qe commiffions foient faites en due fourme as fuffi-ceantz perfones deftre Juftices en chefcune conte dEngleterre ou buffoigne ferra de furveier & garder les caux Sc graundz rivers ilkofqes & les defauts corriger & amender Sc due execution faire de les ditz eftatutz felonc leftedt dicelles ftbien par lour furveue avis Sc difcretion come par enqueftes ent aprendre deinz franchifes Sc .dehors ft Sc quant bufloigne ferra & doier Sc terminer les chofes fuifditz Sc outre ce de furveier les gors molyns eftankes eftakes Sc kideux anuncienement faitz Sc Icvez devaunt le dit temps du Roi E. fitz a Roi H. & ceux qils troverent trop enhancez ou eftreitez de les corriger abater Sc amender en le manere Sc forme l’uifdit fauvant toutefoitz refonahle fubftance des les gors molyns eftankes eftakes Sc kideux fuifditz iffint auncienement faitz & levez. Et ft aucuns ticlx anufances des gors molyns eftankes eftakes Sc kideux des pafiages & eftroi-tures anunciement faitz Sc levez foient adjuggez ou agardez par les ditz Juftices deftre abatez Sc amendez cellui qad le franc tenement dicelles ferra ent execution as les cuftages deinz un demy an apres notification a lui ent affaire fur peine de cent marez appaiers au Roi par eftretes en lefeheqer & cellui qi les face relever ou enhancer ou eftreiter encontre le dit juggement Sc de ce foit duement convidt encourge la peine de cent marez apaiers a Roi par eftretes en lefeheqer fufdite et en cas qe afeune fe fent eftre grevez par execution ou autre voie en celle partie encountre droit Sc raifon purfue Sc eit droit Sc remede.

i Geo, 1, fat. 2 ,c. iS. containing farther Provifions refpefl'mg Wears,

C A P. XIII.

Cuftomers, Controllers, Searchers, S3V. fhall be removeable at the King’s Pleafure, and fhall

be refident upon their Offices.

* Aid—the ff- «

teenth of St. ll\l- 44 lary in,	* $

Dyer 303.	„

Officers which fhall have no cc Eftate, but be cc removeable at cc, the King’s cc Pleafure.

“Tanour.

44

4 c

44

Cuflomcrs and cc Controllers 4 dheM be refi- c dent upon their Offices.

17 R.z. c. 5.	4

31 H. 6. c. <

J EJ. c. 11. f. g, c S't 4H.4. C. 20,

TTEM, Whereas in the Statute made at Wtftnun--®- Jlcr* the feventeenth Year of the laid late King Richard, it was amongl't other Things ordained and ftablifhed, 7'hat no Searcher, Gauger of Wines, Aulneger, Finder1, or Weigher of Woolls, or any other Merchandife, Collectors of Cuftoms and Sub-fidies, nor Controllers, have Eftate in his Office for Term of Life or Years; but that the fame Offices remain in the King’s Hands under the Governance of the Treafurer for the Time being, with the AfTent of the Council, when Need fhall he ; (2) and if any Charters or Letters Patents he made contrary, they fltall be voided and of none Effedt:” ‘ (3) it is accorded and affented, That the faid Statute be firmly holden and kept, and put in due Execution: (4) Joined to the fame, that Cuftomers and Controllers in every Port of England fhall he refident upon their Offices in their proper Perfons, without making any Deputy or Lieutenant in their Names.’

IT E M come en leftatut fait a Weftm’ al quin-zifme Seint Hillar’ lan du regne le dit nadgairs Roi Richard dis Sc feptifme entre autres chofes ordeinez foit Sc eftabliz qe null fercheour gaugeour des vyns alneour tronour poifour des laines ou aucuns autres merchandife colledtour des cuftumes & fubfidcs qeconqes ou contrerollour eit eftat en fon office a terme de vie ou de.: ans ainz qe les ditz offices demoergent es mains du Roi fouz governance del Treforer pur 1c temps efteant ovec laftent du confeil quaunt y bufoigne et ft afeuns chartres ou lettres patents foient faitz a contrair qils fer-roient outrement voidez & de null eftcA Acqordez eft Sc aft'entuz qe le dit eftatut foit fermement tenuz Sc gardez Sc mis en due execution Adjouftant a ycellc qe les cuftumers Sc contrerollours en chefcune port dEngleterre demoergent fur lour offices cn lour propres perfones iaunz afeun depute ou lieutenant faire cn lour nouns.

13 11. 4. c. 3. which futCuflamn «ndtrfartb.r RcJlriStiem. Seclihcwifc 11 & 12 V/. 3. c. 20. which tahcuivay AulHpvcDut.es,

2

CAP.

A. D. 1399.

Cap. 14, 15.	43	a

Anno primo Henrici IV.

c A P. XIV.

Where all Sorts of Appeals fhall be tried and determined.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur plufours graundes inconveniences & mefehiefs qe plufours foitz ont avenuz par voie des plufours appelles faites deinz le Roialme dEngleterre devaunt ces heures ordcinez eft & efta-bliz qe defore enavant toutz les appelles affairs des chofes faites deinz le Roialme foient triez Si ter-minez par les bones leys du Roialme faites St ufez en temps des trefnobles progenitours noftre dit Seignur le Roi et qe toutz les appelles affairs des chofes faites hors de Roialme foient triez St ter-minez devant les Coneftable St Marefchall dEngleterre pur le temps efteantz. Et outre ceo ac-cordez eft St affentuz qe nulles appelles foient defores faitz ou purfuez en parlement aucunement en null temps avenir.

“ TTEM, For many great Inconveniencies and Mif-3 inft. 31, 132. “ chiefs that often have happened by many Appeals 1 Mod. 14$.

££ made within the Realm of England before thisRart-En:- 49> “ Time:” ‘ (2) it is ordained and ftablifhed from50'

‘ henceforth. That all the Appeals to be made of .

‘ Things done within the Realm, fhall be tried and 4 determined by the good Laws of the Realm, made and £ ufed in the 'Lime of the King's noble Progenitors j £ and that all the Appeals to be made of Things done ‘ out of the Realm, fhall be tried and determined before £ the Conftable and Marfhal of England for the time £ being. (4) And moreover it is accorded and affented, No Appeal £ That no Appeals be from henceforth made or any (lull be purfued £ wife purfued in Parliament, in any Time to come.’ in Parliament.

CAP. XV.

The Punifhment of the Mayor, &c. of London, for Defaults committed there.

ITEM come par eftatut fait en temps du Roi E. aiel noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft lan de fon regne vingt oeptifme ordeinez foit St eftabliz qe pur ce qe les errours defaultes St mefprifions qi feurent notoirement ufeez en la Citee de Londres pur defalte de bone governement de Mair des Vifcontz St des Aldermannes ne purront eftre in-quifez ne trovez par gentz dc mefme la Citee ordeine fuit St eftablie qe les ditz Mair Vifcontz St Aldermannes qont la governement de la dite Cite facent redrefeer St corriger les defaltes errours St mefprifions fufnomez St les duement punir de temps en temps fur certaine peine ceftaffavoir a primere defalt mill, marez a Roi St a le feconde defalt deux mill, marez St a tierce defalt qe la franchife de la dite Citee foit pris en la maine le Roi et foit co-mence denquere fur eux a la Seint Michel profehein avenir iffint qils ne facent dues redreflementz come defus eft dit foit enquis de lour defautz par en-queftes des gentz des foreines contees ceftaffavoir Kent Effex Suffex Hertf’ Buk’ St Berk’ ftbien a la fuite de Roi come dautres qi pleindre fe voudront. Et fi les Mair Vifcontz St Aldermannes foient par tieux enqueftes enditez foient faitz venir par due proces devant les Juftices le P.oi qi ferront ace affignez dehors la dite Citee devant queux ils eient lour refpons ftbien a Roi come a la partie et Tils femettenten enqueftes foient celles enqueftes prifez par gentz forains come defuis eft dit et fils foient atteintz foit la dite peine encurru leve des ditz Mair Vifcontz St Aligrmannes pur defaut de lour governement et nientmeins les pleintifs recoverent lour damages a treble vers les ditz Mair Vifcontz St Aldermannes. Et per caufe qe les Vifcontz de Londres font parties a ceft bufoigne foit le Coneftable de le Tour ou fon leutenant miniftre en lieu des Vifcontz a receiver les briefs ftbien originals de la Chauncellarie come judicialx fouz les fealx des Juftices a faire ent execution en la dite Citee. Et

££ TTEM, Whereas by a Statute made in the TimeRaft- 4-“ of King Edward, Grandfather of our Lord the*s.E^-3- c-10’ ££ King that now is, the % feven and twentieth Year oftdlyorof ££ his Reign, it was ordained and ftablifhed. That be- Linden fliaJl re— ££ caufe the Errors, Defaults, and Mifpriffons, which dreft Errors,

££ were notorioully ufed in the City of London, for De- PfTuP'’ and “ fault of good Governance of the Mayor, Sheriffs,

£‘ and Aldermen, might not be inquired nor found by u'fed ;h ,]f.

££ People of the fame City; f (2) that the faid Mayor, fame City.

££ Sheriffs, and Aldermen, which had the Governance * «sif-££ of the City, fhould rearefs and correct the Defaults, ^	V”

££ Errors, and Mifpriffons aforefaid, and the fame duly^P'J a"a - a~ ££ punifli from Time to Time, upon a certain Pain;

££ that is to fay, At the firft Default a thoufar.d Adarks ££ to the King, and at the fecond Default two thou-££ fand Marks, and at the third Default, that the ££ Franchife J be taken into the King’s Pland ; (3) and * ^ _ ,rtS^ ££ be it begun to inquire of them at the Feaft of Saint faidCuy. J "

££ Michael next enfuing : fo that if they make not due ££ Redrefs, as before is faid, it fhall be inquired of their ££ Defaults by Inqueft of foreign Counties, that is to ££ fay, Kent, EJJex, Suffex, Hertford, Buckingham, and “ Berks, as w'dl at the King’s Suit, as of others that “ will complain ; (4) and if the Mayor, Sheriffs, and’

££ Aldermen, be by fuch Inqueft indicted,, they fhall “ be caufed to come by due Procefs before the Juftices,

“ which fhall be thereto affigned out of the City, be-“ fore whom they fhall have their Anfwer, as well at ££ the Suit of the King as of the Party; (5) and if they ££ put themfelves in Inquefts, the fame lnquefts fhall ££ be taken, of foreign People, as afore is faid;. (6) and “ if they be attainted, the faid Pain fo incurred fhall ££ be levied of the-faid Mayor, Sheriffs,, and-,Aldermen,.

“ for Default of their Government; (7) and neverthe-£C lefs tire Plaintiffs fhall recover their treble Damages.

££ againft the faid Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aldermen..

££ (8) And becaufe the "Sheriffs of London be Party to The ConftaMe ££ this Bufinefs. the Conftable- of the Tower, or his or Lieutenant- ■ ££ Lieutenant, fhall be Officer, inftead of the Sheriffs, of ££ to receive the Writs, as well Originals of the Chan- ,* receiv'!

£C eery, as. Judicials under the Seals, of the Juftices,.“e ,££ to do thereof Execution in the faid City-; (q)’ and Writs,*

u Procefs

432

Cap.

IO,

J7*

Anno Primo Henrici IV.

A. D.

* Not in Orb,

° c

The Penalties c jnfli&ed by the c Statute of 28	(

EJ. 3. c. 10. upon the Mayor c of London, /hall * be according to c the Difctetion of c the J ailices.

4 Procefs fhall be made by Attachments, Diftrefs, and ‘ Exigent, if Need be, fo that at the King’s Suit the 4 Exigent fhall be awarded afier the firffc Capias re-‘ turned, and at the third Capias returned at the Suit ‘ of the Party. (10) And if the Mayor, Sheriffs, and 4 Aldermen hare Lands and Tenements out of the ' laid City, Procefs (hall be made agaimft them by At-

•	tachment and Diftrefs in the fame Counties where 4 the Lands and Tcnements be; and that every of the ■ laid Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aldermen, which cometh 1 before the (aid Juftices, fhall anlwer alone for him-4 fell", as well at the Peril of other which be abfent, as 4 of himfeif; (. 1) and that this Ordinance be holden 4 firm and liable, notwithllanding any Manner of ‘ Franchifes, Privileges, or Cuftoms ; (12) and that 4 this Ordinance fhail extend to other Cities and Bo-4 roughs of the Realm, where fuch Defaults or Mif-4 prilions be ufed, and not duly corrected nor redreffed,

‘ laving that the Inquefts be taken by * foreign People

•	of the fame County where fuch Cities and Boroughs : be; (13) and that the Penalty of them of fuch Ci-

; ties, Boroughs, and Towns which fhall be thereof ' attainted, be judged by the Difcretion of the Ju-; flices, which fhall be thereto afligned.” 4 (14) Our Lord the King confidering the good and lawful Behaviour of the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aldermen, and_ of ail the Commonalty of the fame City of London towards him, and therefore willing to eafe and mitigate the Penalty aforefaid, by the Afient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons aforefaid, hath ordained and eflablifhed. That the Penalty aforefaid, as well of the thoufand Marks, as of the two thoufand Marks, and of the Seizure of the Franchife, comprifed in the faid Statute, fhall not be limited in a Certainty, but that the Penalty in this Cafe be by the Advice and Difcretion of the Juftices thereto afligned, as other Cities and Boroughs be within the Realm, and that the Remnant of the fame Statute, and the Procefs thereof. Hand in their Force.’

I399*

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. foit proces fait par attachementz St par deftrefles fit par exigend fi meflier y foit iflint qal fuite le Roi foit lexigend agarde apres le primer Capias retourne & a la tierce Capias retourne al fuite de partie. Et fi les Mair Vifcontz St Aldermannes eient terres fit tenementz dehors la dite Cite foit procefle fait devers eux par attachementz St diftrefles es mefmes les countees ou les terres St tenementz font. Et qe chefcun des ditz Mair Vifcontz St Aldermannes qi viendra devant les ditz juftices refpoigne fingu-lerement pur iui mefmes fibien a peril des autres qi font abfentz come de iui mefmes fit cell ordinance foit tenuz ferme St eflable nient conteftreantz franchifes privileges ou cuflumes qeconqes fit qe ceft ordinance fe extende as autres citees St burghs du Roialme ou tieux defautzou mefprifions font ufeez St nemy duement corrigez & redreftez fauve qe les enqueftes foient prifez par gentz de mefme ie contee ou tieux citees font et qe la peine de ceux de citees burghs St villes qi de ce ferront atteintz foit ad-jugge par difcretion des Juftices qa ce ferront affig-nez. Noftre dit Seignur le Roi confiderant le bone St loial port de les Mair Vifcontz St Aldermannes St de tout la communaltee de mefme la Cite de Londres devers mefme noftre Seignur le Roi St par tant lour veulant faire eafe St mitigation de les peines avauntditz de Iaflent des Seignurs efpirituelx St temporelx St de les communes avaunditz ad or-deinez & eftabliez qe les peines fibien de les J marez come de les deux J marez & del feifine del franchife compris el dit eftatut ne foient my limitez en certeine Mais qe la peine en ce cas foit par advis St difcretion des Juftices a ce affigners come autres citees St burghs font deinz ie Roialme St qe le re-manant de mefme ieftatut St le proces dicell eftoifent en lour force.

CAP. XVI.

Merchants of London fhail be as free to pack their Cloths as other Merchants.

ITEM, It is accorded and aftented, That the Mer-chants of London from henceforth fliall be as free to pack their Cloths, and quit of the fame Packing, as the other Merchants, or other Strangers within the fame City, or within other Cities and Boroughs within the Realm be ; (2) and if any Letters Patents be made to the contrary, they fhall be utterly repealed, adnulled, and holden of no Force nor Virtue.’

ITEM accordez eft St aflentuz qe les merchantz de Londres defore enavant foient auxi frank de packer lour draps St quitz de mefme la packeur come font les autres merchantz ou autres eftran-gers deinz la dite Citee ou deinz autres citees & burghs deinz le Roialme et fi afeuns lettres patentz foient foitz a contrail- qils foient toutoutrement re-pellez & adnullez & tenuz de null force & ver-tue.

CAP. XVII.

Strangers may buy and fell within the Realm Vi<5tua!s in Grofs or by Retail.

A Confirmation 1 < ITEM, Whereas in the Statute made at TVcft-6 it Vcww ° “ ■*" nnnjier in the Sixth Year of the faid late King atuisorifiiigMer- ** Richard, amongft other Things 'it is ordained and ehinis, Stun- 44 accorded. That every Foreigner and Alien being of t-entobuyvi “ the King’s Amity and of the Realm, and coming - 1 ,v‘£,‘,'i	44	within the City of London, and oilier Cities, Bo-

44 roughs, and Towns within the faid Realm, as well 44 within Franchifes as without, with Filh and al'

Rc.ihn.

ITEM come en ieftatut fait a Weftm’ lan fifme ie dit nadgairs Roi Richard entres autres chofes foit ordeinez & accordez qe chcfcun foreine & aiiene efteant del amifte de Roi fit de Roialme fit venant deinz ia Cite de Londres fit autres citees burghs fit villes deinz le Roialme fibien deinz franchife come dehors ovec peffon fit autres vi-taillcs qeconqes illoeqcs demurrantz fit rctournantz

ferroit

A. D. 1399.	Anno	primo	Henrici	IV.	Cap,	18.	433

Ex Rot. iu Turr. Lond. ferroit delors defouz la fauve garde & efpeciale protection de Roi et qe bien life a eux & a chefcun de eux qils puifl’ent trencher pefl'on & vitailles fuifditz par pieces & a taill Sc a retaill en partie Sc en tout ou en groos come meuz lour fcmblcra ven-dre & lour profit ent faire fanz cmpefchcmcnt ou contredit de nulluy non obftantz afcuns eftatutz chartres ordinances privileges ou cuftumes faitz ou euez au contrair. Noftre dit Signur le Roi confi-dcrant mefmcs leftatut cftre moolt profitable par plufours voies fil fcufle mjs en execution de laflent des Seignurs & communes fuifditz ad ordeinez Sc eftabliez qe le dit eftatut foit fermement tenuz & gardez Sc ducment execut felonc la forme Sc effect dicell nient contrefleantz les lettres patentz nadgairs grauntez au contrair as pefToners de Lon-dres par le dit nadgairs Roy Richard fur fon da-reyn paffage vers Irland.

“ Manner other Victuals, there dwelling and return-44 ing, fhall be from henceforth under the Safeguard 44 and fpecial Protection of the King; (2) and that 44 it (hall be lawful to them, and every of them, to cut 44 their Fifh and Victuals aforefaid by Pieces, and the 44 fame to tail and retail in Part, or in all, or in Grofs,

44 as to them fhall beft feem to fell, and thereof to 44 make their Profit, without Impeachment or Contra-44 diction of any, notwithftanding any Statutes, Char-44 ters, Ordinances, Privileges, or Cuftoms made or .

44 had to the contrary 4 (3) Our Lord the King 4 confidering the fame Statute to be very profitable 4 many Ways, if it were put in Execution, by the 4 Aflent of the Lords and Commons aforefaid, hath ‘ ordained and ftablilhed, That the fiiid Statute be 4 firmly holden, kept, and duly executed after the 4 Form and Effect thereof, notwithflanding the Letters 6 R; -■c- ><=•

4 Patents late granted to the contrary to the FiJnnon-c/Jj‘rjc'iJ>'j^

4 gers of London by the faid late King Richard, upon 3 jac|, 'c 6_ 4 his laft Voyage toward Ireland.	gluing free I i	for-

ty °f‘Trade into Spain, "Portugal, and France.

C A P. XVIII.

Procefs againft one of the County of Cbefter, which committeth an Offence in another Shire.

ITEM fur les grevoufes clamour & compleinte faitz a nofire dit Seignur le Roy en ccfl prefent parlement des plufours murdres homicides roberies bateries & autres riotes & meffaites qe devant ces heures ont efle faitz par les gentz del contce dc Ccilre as plufours lieges de Roi es diverfes contees dEngleterrc mefme noftre Seignur leRoi de ladvis & aiient des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx Sc des communes avauntditz ad ordeinez & eftabliz qe fi afeun perfonc del contee de Ceftre receant Sc demurrant deinz mefme le contee de quel eflat ou condition qil foit face murdre ou felonie par aillours hers de dit contee foit proces fait devers luy par la commune ley tanqal exigend en les contees ou deux murdre ou feionie foit fait. Et fil fue dilloe-qes en le dit ccnte de Ceftre 3c foit utlage ou mys cn exigend pur tiel murdre ou felonie foit la ut-lagarie ou lexigend certifiez a les officers Sc miniftres de mefme le conte de Ceftre Sc foit celle felon pris par mefmes les- officers ou miniftres et fes terres et tenementz biens et chateux efteantz deinz yceil conte de Ceftre feifez come forfaitz es mains duPrince ou de celluy qi ferra Seignur de dit conte He Ceftre pur le temps et ait le Roi lan jour et waft et les autres terres et tenemer.tz biens et chateaux de tiel felon efteantz hors de mefme contee de Ceftre demoergent entierment au Roi et as autres Seignurs eiantz ent franchifes come forfaitz. Et fi aucun perfene de mefme le contee de Ceftre receant ou demurrant en yceil face aucune baterie ou autre trefpafs par aillours hors de dit contee de Ceftre foit proces fait devers lui par la commune ley tanqal exigend es contees ou tiel laterie ou trefpas foit fait et fil fue diiloeqes en le dit contee de Ceftre et foit utlagez pur tiel baterie ou trefpas foit lutlagair certifiez a les ditz officers et miniftres de mefme le contee de Ceftre et foit cell perfone pris par mefmes les officers ou mi-

VoL. I.

44 ITEM, Upon the grievous Clamour and Com- Wh„ proCcf5 44 A plaint made to our Lord the King in this prefent rhall be awarded 44 Parliament, of many Murders, Manllaughters, Rob- where oneof the 44 beries, Batteries, and other Riots and Offences, Cm,nt-V of Chef.r 44 which before this Time have been done bv People 1dothcon.1“!rhie' 44 of the County of Cbejler to divers of the King’s county."*11 " * 44 liege People in divers Parts and Counties of Eng-44 land4 (2) the fame our Lord the King, by the 4 Advice and Aflent of his Lords Spiritual and Tem-4 poral, and of his Commons aforefaid, hath ordained 4 and ftablifhed, That if any Perfon of the County of 4 Cbejler, refident or dwelling within the fame County,

4 of what Eftate or Condition he be, do commit any 4 Murder or Felony in any Place out of the fame Coun-4 ty, Procefs fhall be made againft him by the Common 4 Law, till the Exigent, in the County where fitch 4 Murder or Felony was done. (3) And if he flee 4 from thence into the County of Cbejler, and be out-4 lawed and put in Exigent for fuch Murder or Fe-4 lony, the fame Outlawry' or Exigent fhall be certi-4 fied to the Officers and Minifters of the fame County 4 of Cbe/ler, and the fame Felon fhall be taken by the 4 fame Officers or Minifters, and his Lands and Tenc-4 ments. Goods and Chattels, being within the fame 4 County of Cbe/ler, fhall be fei.ed as forfeit into the 4 Hands of die Prince, or of him that fhall be Lord of 4 the fame County of Cbejler for the Time, and the 4 King fhall have the Year and Day, and the Wafte ;

4 (4) and the other Lands and Tenements, Goods and 4 Chattels of fuch Felon, being out of the faid County i 4 of Cbejler, fhall remain wholly'to the King, and to 4 other Lords, having thereof Franchife, as forfeit.

4 (5) And if any Perfon of the fame County of Cbejler, The Procefs 4 refident or dwelling in the fame, make a Battery or where oneof the 4 other Trefpafs in any .Place, out of the faid County County of 4 of Che/ler, Procefs fhall be made againft him by thedotil raake %

4 Common Law, till the Exigent, in the Counties wpTintn" 4 where fuch Battery or Trefpafs is done. (6) And if other Coun.y.

4 he flee from thence i .to the faid County of Cbejler, j 4 and be outlawed for fuch Battery or Trefpafs, the 4 Outlawry fhall be certified to the Officers and Mi-K k k	nifters

‘ snifters of the faid County o{ Chejler, and the fame ‘Perfon {hall betaken by the fame Officers or Mi-‘ nifters; (7) and his Goods and Chatties, being with-■* in the fame County of Chejler, {hall be feifed into 1 the Hands of the Prince, or of him which {hall be ‘ Lord of the fa id County of Chejler for the Time; ‘ (8) and his other Goods and Chatties, being out of * the Laid County of Chejler, {hall remain wholly to ‘ the Ring, and to other Lords aforefaid, as forfeit,

Emfrmtdby a H. c jn fuch ^ort as afore js fa;d.

<j, it,it. 1. c. 2.

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. nifters et fes biens et chateaux efteantz deinz le dit contee de Ceftre foient feifez es mains du Prince ou de cellui qi ferra Seignur de dit contee de Ceftre pur le temps et fes autres biens et chateux efteantz hors de mefme le contee de Ceftre demoergent en-tierment a Roi et as autres Seignurs fuifditz come forfaitz enmanere come deffuseft dit.

CAP. XIX.

During three Years, for no Cloth whereof the Dozen exceedeth not 13J. \d. any Subfidy

fhall be paid, or fhall be fealed.

x x p.

Farther provided for 9 H. 4. c. 2, 30 £/?#. c. 20.

7 Jac. I. c. 16.

See 11 and 12 JF. 3. c. 2,0. which takes away Aulnege Duties,

YTEM en eafe & relevation del povre commune poeple de Roialme noftre dit Seignur le Roi de ladvis & affent avantditz eit ordeinez & eftabliz qe del fell de feint Michel darrein paffe durantz les trois ans lors profenein enfuantz null drap kerfy Kendal cloth frile de Coventre Coggeware ne null autre drap eftroit ou remanant dEngleterre ne drap de Gales dont la doufzeine ne paffe la value de xiijs. iiijd. de null feal petit ne grau'nt foit aucunement enfealez ne null fubfide paiez de les draps fuifditz durant le temps avantdit.

CAP. XX.

The King’s Pardon ofTreafon, Felony, Outlawry, &c. to all them that will purfue their Charters before the Feaft of All Saints, with fome Exceptions.

ITEM al inftance Sc prier des dit communes par lour petition fait en ceft prefent parlement Noftre dit Seignur le Roi de fa grace efpeciale ad pardonez St releffez generalment as toutz fes lieges dEngleterre la fuite de fa pees qa lui appartient pur touz maners traifons & felonies par eux faitz ou perpetrez devant le difnoefifme jour de Novemb’ lan de foil regne primer forfpris murdres Sc rapes des femmes dont ils font enditez reitez ou appellez Sc auxint les utlagaries ft nulles en eux foient pronunciez pur celles enchaifons St lour ad ent graunte la ferine pecs parenft qe null de fes ditz lieges foit commune laron devant le dit. difnoefifme jour enditez et qil ne foit provour nappellez de mort de homme al fuite de partie ne pris ove meynovere ne qil eit enfreint la prifone de Roi devant le dit difnoefifme jour Sc qil neit efte al murdre de Thomas Due de Glouc’ uncle noftre dit Seignur le Roi ilfint qil eftoife a droit en court de Roi ft aucun voudra parler devers lui des chofes avauntditz ou dafeune dicelles iffint toutz foitz qe toutz ceux qi veu-lent enjoier le benefice de ceft pardon purfuent lour chartres en efpeciale parentre cy & le fell de toutz feints profehein avenir.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 2 H-en.. IVr. and■

Anno Bom. 1400.

“ A T rth'e Parliament holden at Wejhninjler in “	/-\ the Utas of St. Hillary, the fecond Year

“ -L of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, “ the fame our Lord the King, by the A'ffent of “ the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, and Barons, and at ** the {pecial Inftance and Requeft. of the Commons affembled at this prefent Parliament, hath caufed to “ be ordained and ftablifhed certain Statutes and Or-“ dinances in Form following.”

Ex Rot. .in Turr. Lond. m. ig.>

AU, parlement tenuz a Weftm’ en les oetaves-de Seint Hiller lan du regne le Roy Henry le quart puis le conqueft fecond mefme noftre Seignur le Roy del affent des Prelatz Dues Conts & Barons Sc a les efpecialx inftance & requeft des Communes affemblez’a ceft prefent parlement ad fait ordeigner & eftablir certeins eftatutz & ordinances en la forme qen-feut..

C A P. I.

A Confirmation of Liberties, Each Perfon may purfue the Law,. or defend it.'

‘■T7IRST, That holy Church have her Rights *• JP and Liberties ; (2) and that all the Lords Spiri-‘■tual and Temporal, and,all the Cities, Boroughs, ‘-and Towns cnfianchifed,have.and enjoy all their-.

PRimerement qe Seinte efglife eit fes droitures -& libertees & qe touz les Seignurs cfpirituelx St temporeix & toutz les citees burghs & villes cnfranchifes eient & enjoient toutz.lour libertees.

.i&fran-. -

A. D. 1400.	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	IV,	Cap.	1—3.	433

Ex Rot. in Tun4. Lond.

Si franchifes queux ils ont duement ufez & les queux ils ont au grante dc fex nobles progenitours & predeceffours • Roys dEngleterre & qe la Grande Chartre Sc la chartre de la Eorefte Sc touz les autres bons ordinances & eftatutz faitz en fon temps Si en temps de fes nobles progenitours nient repellez foient fermement tenuz Si gardez en toutz pointz Si qe toutz fes lieges & fubgitz purront franche-ment & pcfiblement & en feure Sc fauf protection du luy aler Si venir a fes courtes a purfuir les loyes ou les defendre fanz deftourbance ou impediment de nully & qe pleine jufficc & droit foient faitz fibien as poveres come as riches en fes courtes avaunt -dites,

C A

4 Liberties and Franchifes, which they have lawfully c ufed, and which they have of the Grant of his noble ‘ Progenitors and Predecefl'ors Kings of England; (3) e and that the Great Charter, and the Charter of the 4 Foreft, and all other good Ordinances and Statutes ‘ made in his Time, and in the Time of his noble 4 Progenitors, not repealed, be firmly holden and kept 4 in all Points : (4) And that all his liege People and 4 Subjects may freely and peaceably in his fure and 4 quiet Protection go and come to his Courts, to pur-4 fue the Laws, or defend the fame, without Dif-4 turbance or Impediment of any: (5J And that full 4 Jullice and Right be done, as well to the Poor as 4 to the Rich, in his Courts aforefaid.’

P. II.

1 H. 4. c. 1,

Corfrired by yl!i -4- c. 1.

An Expofition of Part of the Statute of r Hen. 4. c. 6. touching the mentioning of other Gifts which a Petitioner hath received of the King or his PredeceiTors.

ITEM come en lc darrein parlement de mefme noftre Seignur le Roy entre autres chofes or-deignez feuftE x 1% Si eftabliz qe toutz ceux qi delors enavant demand.eroicnt du Roy terres tenementz rentz offices annuitees ou autres profitz quelconques ferroient exprefie men ion cn leur petitions de la value de la chofe enfi a de-mandere & auxi de ce qils avoient eue du doun du Roy ou dcs autres fes progenitours ou predeceffours par-devant. Et en cas qils ne ferroient tiele mention en leur dites petitions & ce duement prove ferroient les Jettres patentes du Roy nient vaillables ne de null force neffeft mays de tout revokez repellez Si adnullez pur toutz jours au puniffement de ceux qenfi averoient fait tiel deceit au Roy come ceux qi ne font pas dignes denjoier 1 effect Si benefice des lettres patentes a eux grauntez celle partie. Efoftre Seignur le Roy confiderant qe le dit eftatut eft trop dure pur fes lieges en graunde partie & pur taut ent veullant purvoir de remede de fes propre volunte & certeine fcience ad grante de faire grace Si pardon a ceux qi le veullent purfuir de quant qils fe ont mefpris en leur purfuite encontre la forme du dit eftatut. Et enoutre mefme noftre Seignur le Roy pur oufter toutes ambiguitees celle partie pur ce qs mefme leftatut eft molt obfeure & embofoigne declaration efpccialmcnt pur cafe Sc quiete de fon poeple voet Sc grante qe touz ceux qi defore enavant purfueront a mefme noftre Seignur le Roy pur avoir de luy aucun grante ou doun annuel ou en fee ou autre-ment facent expreffe mention en leur petition de quant qils ont eue des doun Si graunte du noble Roi Edward Aiel noftre dit Seignur le Roi ou de Richard nadgairs Roy ou de Edward nadgairs Prince de Gales ou .de Johan nadgairs due de Lancaftre piere noftre dit Seignur le Roy ou de Roy mefmes & de nul autre progenitour ou predecefl’our mefme noftre Seignur le Roy. Et celuy qi ne face tiele mention en fa petition qe les lettres patentes a luy faites a cel temps par noftre dit Seignur le Roy foient de nul force neftect.

Et enoutre quant a les parols ceftaffavoir autres profitz comprifes en le dit eftatut mefme noftre Seignur le Roy ad declarez & grauntez qe de nulles profitz douns biens ou chateux ou autres chofes quelconcjes gran-tez ou donez par mefme noftre Seignur le Roy a afeuny a la value de cent liveres ou dedens forfpris gardez Si manages des queux le Roy voet qe celuy qenfi purfuera devers luy face expreffe mention en fa petition & de la value dicell nully encourge la peine comprife en le dit eftatut. Et neft pas lentention noftre dit Seignur le Roy qe pur afeune confirmation ou licence fait a. afeuny par noftre dit Seignur le Roy des afeuns li-bertees franchifes annuitees ou autres chofes quelconqes par afeun de fes progenitours ou predeceffours ou autre perfone quelconqe grauntez & nient efpecifiez en aucune petition enfi a demandere autrement qe defuis eft declarez nulluy encourge la peine de leftatut fuifdit. Et quant as autres articles comprifes en mefme leftatut hoftre dit Seignur le Roy voet qils foient fermement tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution.

C A P. III.

If any do accept a Frovifion granted by the Pope to a Religious Perfon to be exempt from Obedience, he fhal 1 be within the Danger of the Statute of Provifors.

ITEM ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe fi aucune provision foit fait par noftre Seint Pier le pape a aucune perfone de religion ou a autre perfone quelcon-que deftre exempte dobedience regulere ou dobe-dience ordinaire ou davoir aucune office perpetuel deinz maifons de religion ou atant come une regulere perfone religioufe ou deux ou plufours ont eh ycelles qe fi tiels provifours defore enavant ac-ceptent ou enjoient aucune tiele provifion qils en-courgent les peynes comprifez en eftatut des Provifours fait lan.trefziluie le Roy Richard fecond. •

4 ITEM, It is ordained and ftahlifhed. That if any 2; Seat.it, 4 -*■ Provifion be made by the Bill top of Rome to ariy*1-8- 2 flat.

4 Perfon ofReligion, or to any other Perfon, to be ex-*g jj V* 3‘

4 empt of Obedience regular, or of Obedience ord'r-&» ~ El. ?! ?!

4 nary, or to have any Office perpetual within PIoufes.w,113 El. c.

4 of Religion, or as much as one regular Perfon A 4 Religion, or two or more, have in the fame;

4 if fuch Provifours from henceforth do accept or en-„ j,*f„ T{grf‘ 4 joy any fuch Provifion, they fhal! incur 'the P a i n s c-ft../«,««c,.Vf.h 4 comprized in the Statute of Provifors, made in the 4 xiii Year of Khig-Richard the Second.’	*	Read	13.

Kkk2	CAP*

436

Cap. 4, 5.

Anno lecundo Henrici IV,

A. D. 1400.

CAP. IV.

The Penalties for purchafing of Balls to be difcharged of Tithes.

2 Roll 48-3.

13 R. 2 flat. 2.

See 13 El. c. 2.

for the P snaky of bringing Bulk, &c.jnm Rome,.

“ "ITEM, For as much as our Lord the King, upon “ grievous Complaint to him made in this Parlia-44 ament, hath perceived. That the Religious Men of “ the Order of Cifteaux in the Realm of England, have “ purchafed certain Bulls to be quit and diicharged to “ pay the Tithes of their Lands, Tenements, andPof-“ feliions let to Fcrm, or manured, or occupied by “ other Pcrfons than by themfelves, in great Prejudice “ and Derogation of the Liberty of holy Church, and ** of many liege People of the Realm;” (2) ‘our Lord ‘ the King willing thereupon to ordain Remedy, by ‘ the Advice and Affentof the Lords Spiritual and ‘ Temporal, and at the Inftance and Requeft of the ‘ faid Commons, hath ordained and ftablifhed, That ‘ the Religious Perfons of the Order of Cifteaux fit all ‘ Hand in the Eftate that they were before the Time of ‘ fuch Bulls purchafed ; (3) and that as well they of ‘ the faid Order, as all other religious and Seculars, ‘ of what Eftate or Condition they hr, which do put ‘ the fard Bulls in Execution, or from henceforth do ‘ purchafe other fuch Bulls of new, or by Colour ‘ of the fame Bulls purchafed, or to be purchafed, do ‘ take Advantage in any Manner, that Procefs fhall ‘ be made againft them and every of them by Garnifh-‘ ment of two Months by Writ of Premnnirefacias ;

4 (4) and if they make Default, or be attainted, then ‘ they {hall incur the Pains and Forfeitures contained 4 in the Statute of Provifors, made the Thirteenth ‘ Year of the faid King Richard.’

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM por ce qe noftre Seignur le Roy fur gre-voufe compleint a luy fait en ccft parlement ad entenduz qe les religioufes hommes de lordre de Cifteux del Roialme dEngleterre ont purchacez certeines bulles deftre quitz & defehargiez de leur difmes paier de leur terres tenementz & polfeflions leffez a ferme pa cultivez & occupiez par autres pcrfoncs qe par eux mefmes en grant prejudice h derogation de la liberte de Seinte efglife & des plufeurs lieges du Roialme Noftre Seignur le Roi veullant fur ceo purvoir de remede de ladvis 5c aflent des toutz les Seignurs efpirituelx & tempo-relx Si al inftance Si requeft des ditz communes ad ordeignez Si eftabliz qe les religioufes de lordre de Cifteux eftoifent en leftat qils feurent devant le temps des tielx bulles purchac.z. Et qe fibien ceux du dit ordre come toutz autres religioufes & feculers de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qi mettent les dites bulles en execution ou defore ena-vant purchacent autres tielx bulles de novel ou par colour de mefmes les bulles purchacez ou a purcha-cers preignent avantage en aucune manere qe pro-ces foit fait devers eux Sz chefcun de eux par gar-nifement de deux moys par brief de Premunire facias. Et fils facent defaut ou foient atteintz qils-encourgent les peines Si forfaitures comprifes err leftatut des provifours fait lan xiii™'. le Roy Richard fuifdit.

V.

He that earrieth Gold or Silver out of the Realm fhall confefs fo much.

5 R. 2. Hat. r. “	'j’	E	M, Whereas in the Statute made at Weji-

“ X mlnjler in the fifth Year of the faid King Ri-44 chard, amongft other Things it is contained, how “ it was affented, accorded, and enjoined by the faid 44 late King to all Manner of People, Merchants, “ Clerks, and others, as well Strangers as Denizens, “ of whatfoever Eftate or Condition they fhould be, “ upon Pain of as much as they might forfeit, that “ none of them, upon the faid Pain, privily nor “ openly fhould fend or carry, norcaufe to be fent or 44 carried, out of the faid Realm of England, any 44 Gold or Silver in Money, Bullion, Plate, Veflel, “ nor by Exchange to be made, except the Wages of 2 Jnft. 74r. “ Calais, and other the King’s Fortreffes beyond the “ Sea, faving certain Prelates, Lords, and others com-“ prized in the fame Statute, without fpecial Leave, “ and Licence thereupon firft had, as by the fame “ Statute may more fully appear :” (2) ‘ our Lord the 4 King, for to prevent the Subtilty of them that will ‘ do Fraud or Deceit to him in this Behalf, hath or-‘ dained and ftablifhed, That if from henceforth any 4 Searcher of the King may find Gold or Silver in ‘ Coin, or in Mafs, in the keeping of any that is paf-4 fing, or upon his Paffage, in any Ship or Veffel to go 4 out of any Port, Haven, or Creek of the Realm, 4 without the King’s fpecial Licence, all that Gold or 4 Silver fhall he forfeit to the King, (3) faving his 4 reafonabls Expcnces, which he fhall be bound to

ITEM come en leftatut fait a Weftm’lan quint le dit Roi Richard entre autres chofes foit contenuz coment affentuz eftoit accordez & defen-duz depar le dit nadgairs Roy as toutz mnneres des gentz merchantz clercs & autres fibien ef-tranges come deinzeins de quelconque eftat ou condition qils ferroient fur peine de quant qils pur-roient forfaire qe nully de eux fur la dite peine en privee nen appert envoieroit namefneroit ou. ferroit envoier ou amefner hors du Roialme dEngleterre aucun or ou argent en monoie bollion plate veffell ne par efehange affaire exceptz les gages de Caleys Si des autres forterefles du Roi depar dela Si exceptz par efpecial Prtlatz Seignurs Si autres comprifes en meftne leftatut eue fur ce primerement efpeciale congie & licence du Roy come par ycell eftatut y purra plus pleinement apparoir Noftre Seignur le Roy pur obvier a la fubtilite deceux qi vorront fairs fraude ou deceit au luy cclle partie ad ordeignez & eftabliz qe fi defore enavant aucun fercheour du Roy purra trover or ou argent en coyne ou en made en la garde dau-cuny qi foit en paffant ou fur fon palTage en aucune nief ou veffell pur aler hors daucun port havene ou crike du Roialme faunz efpeciale congee du Roy tout cel or ou argent foit forfait au Roy forfpris fes refonables defpenfes queux il ferra tCAuz de confefler Si dcfcoverir maintenant apres

qe

3

A. D. 1400.	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	IV.	Cap.	6	—	8.	437

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. qe a cc fairc il foit garniz Sc chargez par mefme le fcrcheour ou autrement tout celle monoie cnfi con-celec foit forfaitc au Roy Purveu toutes vojes qe ]es marchantz cftrangez qi vendent lcur marchan-drfes deinz le Roialme & la moitc du monoie dEnglcterre receu pur mefmes les marchandifes emploient fur autres marchandifes du Roialme puilTent franchement apporter hors dicell lautre moite dc la dite monoie par congee du Roy folonc leftatut ent fait.

See further 15 Car, z. c. 7. fee. 7.	9	10	Wi	3.	c,	z%.	10	Ann.	c.

‘ confefs' and difeover prefently after that he is warned ,

‘ and charged fo to do by the fame Searcher, or elfeStr^g“

‘ all the fail Money fo concealed fhall he forfeit to the cany half their ‘ King. (4) Provided always, That the Merchants Money forth ‘ Strangers that do fell their Merchandife within the°f'lie Realm,

‘ Realm of England, and the one half of the Money	q-‘

‘ England received for the fame Merchandifes do iinploy2, //. 6. \. e. c upon other Merchandifes of the Realm, may freely 17 11. 6. c. 3.

‘ carry oat from the fame the other half of the faid "7 £<*• 4- c; 1.

‘ Money by the King’s Licence, according to the5 ■ c-s-

c o	J	c	1	>	J	°	IQ	H.	7.	c.	r.

otatute thereof made.	y	Ed.	6.	c.	6.

26,	6	Geo,	1. c* 11.	12	Geo.	2.	c.	26.	concerning	the	Exportation	of	Gold	and	Silver,

CAP. VI.

The Money of Scotland, and of other Countries beyond the Sea, fhall be voided out of

England, or put to coin before Chrijtmas.

ITEM pur la grant deceit qe y ad en la monoie dor Sc dargent de Flanders & dEfcoce qi courge com-E X P.

mun.ment es paiementz faitz es diverfes parties du Roialme a grant damage du Roy Sc du poeple ordei-ReP- 21 Jac- r< gnez eft & aflentuz qe toute la monoie dor & dargent de la coigne de Flandres & de toutz autres terres Sc paix^A*’ H pardela Sc auxi de la terre dEfcoce foit voidez hors du Roialme dEngletcrre ou mys a coigne a la bullion ,?h. 4.’c.'6. ;> deinz mefme le Roialme parentre cy & le feft de Noel profehein advenir fur peine de forfaiture dicell. Et qe 2 h. 6. c. c. toutz les marchantz & autres a Caleys qi receivent aucun tiel or ou argent de la coigne de Flandres ou des agabsfttbt.Ct.r-autres terres ou paiis depar dela ou de la terre dEfcoce le metten't a bullion a Caleys fanz lapporter en coigne UV deinz le Roialme dEngleterre. Et ft les marchantz ou autres defore enavant portent aucune tiele monoie	Ex-

deinz le Roialme qils forfacent mefme la monoie au Roy. Et outre ce accordez eft qe bone Sc covenable jfeadamn cfGoli ferche foit fait fibicn a Caleys come decea le meer en chcfcun porte & aillours fur lapporte del monore and Stfacr. avantdite.

C A P. VII.

In what Cafe the Plaintiff fhall not be. nonfuit if the Verdidt pafs againft him.

ITEM por ce qe fur veredit trove devant quel-conque Juftice en affife de novel diffeiline more daunceftre ou autre action quelconque les parties devaunt ces heures ont efte adjournez fur difficulte en loye fur la matire iffint trevez ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe fi le dit veredit pafte encontre le pleintif qe meftne le pleintif ne foit nounfuy.

“ tTEM, Whereas upon. Verdict found before any U N'onnnt, 6, “ A Juftice in Affife of Novel dijfeifin, Mortdauncejier,

“ or any other Action whatfoever, the PartLs before finfi.-1V9. b, “ this Time have been, adjourned upon Difficulty in.

“ Law upon the Matter fo found (2) ‘it is ordained ‘ and llablifhed, That if the Verdibt. pafs againft the ‘ Plaintiff, .that the fame Plaintiff fhall not be non^

‘ fuited.’

CAP. VIII.

The Fee of the Cyrographer of the Common Pleas for a Fine Ifcvied.

ITEM fur la grevoufe compleinte faite a noftre Seignur le Roy par les communes en ceft parle-ment coment l.office de cirografer en le commune Bank le Roi eft Lffez a fermc a quel office appur-tient pur les fefance Sc eferipture de chefcun fyn feve cn le dit Bank quatre fouldz Sc nient plus et nounobftant cel fee les formers dc mefme loffice ne veullvnt deliverer nul fyn a nully fanz leur doner autres quatre fouldz ou plus par extortion a grant damage & empoveriffement de tout le poeple Noftre Seignur lc Roy v.ullant celle partie purvoir de remede dc ladvis Sc affent des Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx Sc a la fupplication des ditz Communes ad ordeignez Sc eftabliz qe le cirografer ne fon fermer lieutenant ou deputee pur le temps efteant deforenavant ne preigne pluis qe quatre fouldz pur nul fyn leve en la court. Et fi de dit fermer lieutenant ou deputes preigne pluis qe quatre

“ TTEM, Upon the grievous Complaint made to. “ A our Lord the King by the Commons in this pre-“ fent Parliament, how that the Office of the Cirogra-“ pher in the common Bench of the King is let to “ farm, to which Office appertaineth, for making and “ writing of every Fine levied in the faid Bench, four “ Shillings and no more ; and notwithftanding the “ fame Fee, the Farmers of the fame Office will de-“ liver no Fine to any without giving to them other “ four Shillings, or more by- Extorfion, to the great “ Damage and Impoverifhment of all the King’s liege “ People;” ‘ (2) our Lord the King willing in this ‘ Behalf to provide Remedy, by the Advice and Affent.

‘ of the Lords Spiritual and. Temporal, and at the ‘ Supplication of the faid Commons, hath ordained ‘ and eftablifhed, That the Cirographer, nor his Far-‘ mer. Deputy, or Lieutenant for the time being, fhall from henceforth take any more than four Shillings for

4-3^

The* Penalty if the Cyro-grapher takes more tha'n his F®

13 Ed. I. flat. I c-44.

ZXP.

4.1nft. 74.

1 Roil Sc, 203 13 Co. 52.

The Statute of 13 R. 2. flat. 1 c. 5. confirmed, touching

the Admiral** Jurifdittion.

,15 R. Z% c. 3.

Cap. 9—11. Anno fecundo Henrici IV.	A.	D.	1400.

c

t

c

c

c

c

' c

i€

any Fine levied hi the Court, (3) And if the faid Farmer, Lieutenant, or Deputy, take any more than four Shillings for a Fine, as before is faid, he fliall lofe his Office, and be forejudged the Court, and have one-Year’s Imprifonment, and pay to the Party grieved his treble Damages; (4) and the Party grieved fliall have his Suit before the Juftices of the laid Bench.’

. E:< Rot. in Turn. Lond. fouldz pur un fyn come defiiiis eft dit qlj. perde fon office & foit forjuggiez la court h eit cm prifonc-m’ent par un an & pate a la partie greve fes trebles damages et ait la partie grevee fa luite devant les Juftices du dit bank.

C A P. IX,

.Such as .were Commiffioners in the Time of King Rich. 2. and fpoiled thereof, or that delivered the fame, fhall be dilcharged by their Oaths,

■JT EM come nadgairs en temps du dit Roi’ Richard diverfes perfones feurent affignez as diverfes foitz par ' commiffions- du dit Roy denquere & fair folonc le purport de leur commiffions deinz le Roialme'dEngle-terre & ore proces eft fait fibien en la Chancellerie come en Lefcheqer vers les ditz commiffioners de certifier les inquifitions h autres chofes devant eux prifes par vertue des dites commiffions par la ou afeuns des ditz commiffioners en la purfuite du dit Roy Richard feurent riflez & pilez des dites inquifitions & autres chofes devant eux prifes par force de leur ditz commiffions & auxint de leur biens propres & aucunes des ditz corfi-miffioners par irianaement & compulfion de monficur William Lefcrop slots Trefcrer dEngleterre delivere-rent toutes leur inquifitions & autres chofes devant eux enfi prifes au dit Treforer iffint qe les ditz commiffioners noiit rieiis en leur garde de certifier es dites courtes fur quoy noftre Seignu'r le Roy confiderant les mefehiefs fuifdites’ & pur tant veullant fair grace as tielx commiffioners de ladvis & afient des ditz Seignuts efpirituelx & temporelx & al prier des dit communes ad ordeignez & efrabliz qe nal des ditz commiffioners iffint riflez 6u pilez lie nuls qi delivererent leur inquifitions ou autres chofes devaunt eux prifes au dit nadgairs Trcforer ne folprit en hul manere chargiez dent faire aucurie certification en aUcune courte du Roy mais ent .foient par leur ferment outrement defehargiez.

C A P. X.

The Fee of the Clerk of the Crown of the King’s Bench for Indictments.

TTEM, Becaufe that Complaint is made to our ! -k faid Lord the King by the faid Commons, how j the Clerk of the Crown of the King’s Bench, whereas I fourfeore or an hundred Men be indicted of one Felony, or of one Trefpafs, and all they plead to an Ifiue as Not guilty, the faid Clerk ought not to take for the Venire facias, nor for entering of the Plea, more than iis. the faid Clerk doth take for every : fuch Name by Extorfion iis. in great Oppreffion of ! the People ‘ (2) our faid Lord the King, willing to preferve his faid People from fuch Extorfions and Injuries, by the Afient of the faid Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the Suit of.the faid Commons, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That the faid Clerk of the Crown fliall take no more than hath been duly ufed of old Times. (3) And moreover our faid Lord the King hath charged the Juftices of the King’s Bench, that no Extorfion be done in this Behalf in the Bench aforefaid.’

ITEM por ce qe pleinte eft faite a noftre dit Seignur le Roy par les ditz Communes coment le clerc del corone du bank du Roy la 011 vint quarani ou cent hommes font enditez dune felonie ou dune trefpas & toutz ceux pledent a iftue come de rien coupable le'dit clerc ne deuft prendre pur le Venire facias ne pur lentree du plee pluis qe deux fouldz mefme le clerc prent pur chefcun tiel noun par extorfion deux fouldz en graund oppreffion du poeple Noftre dit Seignur le Roy veullant fauver fon dit poeple des tielx extorfions & injuries de ladvis & afient des ditz Scignurs efpirituelx h temporelx & a la prier des Communes fuifditz ad ordeignez, & eftabliz qe le dit clerc del corone ne preigne pluis qe nad eftee duement ufee dauncien temps. Et outre ceo mefme noftre Seignur le Roy ad chargiez les Juftices de bank de Roy qe null extorfion foit faite celle partie en ie bank fuifdit.

CAP. XI.

A Remedy for him who is wrongfully piirfued in the Court of Admiralty.

“ TTEM, Whereas in the Statute made at Wejhnin-“ ■*- Jler the thirteenth Year ofthe faid King Richard^ “ amongft other Things it is contained, That the *“ Admirals and their Deputies ftiall not intermeddle “ from thenceforth of any Thing done within the “ Realm, but only of a Thing done' upon the Sea, “ according as it hath been duly ufed in the’Time of ' “ the noble King Edward, Grandfather to the faid “ King Richard;” ‘ (2) our faid Lord the King ‘ wJl and gran.tsih, 'That the faid Statute be firmly

TTEM come en leftatut fait a Weftm’ lan tref-A zifme le dit Roy Richard entre autres chofes foit contcnuz qe les admiralx & leur deputees ne foay medlent deflors cnavant de nulle chofe faite deiftz le Roialme mais foulement de chofe fait: fur la meer folonc ce qad efte duement ufez en temps de noble Roy Edward Aiel le dit Roy Richard noftre dit Seignur le Roy voet & grantc qe le dit

eftatut

A. D. 1400.	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	IV.	Cap.	12 — 14.	439

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. eftatut foit fermement tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution. Et outre ce mefme noftre Seignur le Roy de ladvis & affent des Seignurs efpirituelx Si temporelx & al prier des ditz Communes ad or-deignez & eftabliz qe quant a peine mettre'ftir lad-mirall ou fon lieutenant qe leftatut & la commune loye foient tenuz devers eux et qe celuy qi foy fent greve encontre la fourmc du dit eftatut ait fadtion par brief foundu fur le cas envcrs celuy qenfi pur-lue en la courte de ladmiraltee & recoevre fes damages devers mefme le purfuant au double Ken-courge mefme le purfuant la peine de x li. envers le Roy pur la purfuite enli faite fil foit atteint.

‘ holden and kept, and put in due Execution. (3)

‘ And moreover, the fame our Lord the King, by the.

‘ Advice and AlVent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-‘ poral, and at the Prayer of the faid Commons, hath ‘ ordained and ftablifhed. That as touching a Pain to ‘ be fet upon the Admiral, or his Lieutenant, that the ‘ Statute and the Common Law be holden againft 5 Co. 106.

‘ them ; (4) and that he that feeleth himfelf grieved°yer >S9*

‘ againft the Form of the faid Statute, fhall have liis '9 H- 6- *"• 7-‘ Action by Writ grounded upon the Cafe againft himg™,Car' 296, ‘ -that doth fo purfue in the Admiral’s Co rt; (5) andp^j’od. I?6i ‘ recover his double Damages againft the Purfuant v(6) j Salk. 31."

‘ and the fame Purfuant fhall incur the Pain of Ten ‘ Pounds to the King for the Purfuit fo made, if he be Raft. 13.

‘ attainted.’

CAP. XII..

■Certain Reftraints laid on wholly born Weljhmen.

(J T EM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe deforenavant null homme Galoys entier n.eez eivGales Si aianz pereEcp. 21 Re. i* & mere neez en Gales purchace terres ,ou tenementz deinz les villes de Ceftre Salop Briggenorth Lodelowec-Leomynftre Hereford Glouceftre Wirceftre nautres villes merchandes queconqes adjoignantz as marches de Gales nen les fuburbes dicelles fur la forfaiture dicclles terres & tenementz as Seignurs des queux tielx terres & tenementz font tenuz en chief. Et auxi qe nul tiel homme Galois deforenavant foit efluz ou recieu deftre citezcin ou burgeys en nul citee burgh ou ville marchande Sc qe ceux Galoyfes qore font en afeun tiele citee burgh ou ville enfranchifee efteantz citizeins ou burgeifes treevent fufficiant leurtee Sz mettent bone caution de lour bon port flbien envers noftre Seignur le Roy & fes heirs Sc fon-Roialme dEngleterre come pur lour loialte tenir a les governours de tielx citees burghs ou villes .pur le temps efteantz cn falvation de -mefmes les citees burghs ou villes ft mefmes les Galoyfes veullent en ycelles demorer Mint qe nul dc eux deforenavant foit receu naccepte a nul office de maire baillif chamberleyn conefta'ole ou gardein des portes ou de gaole ne al commune confeil des tielx' citees burghs ou villes ne qil foit fait autre occupiour ou officer ‘ en ycelles en null manere ne qe nul des ditz Galoyfes deforenavant parte-nul armure deinz afeun tiel citee burgh ou ville marchande fur peine de forfaiture del armure fuifdite Sc emprifonement tanqe 31s aient fait-fyn en cefte partie.

C A. P. XIII.

The Effedl of the Pardon granted by Stat. 21 R. 2. c. 15. rehearfed and confirmed, notwith-lbtnding the.Refidue of the faid Parliament is repealed.

ITEM come le dit Richard nadgairs Roy'dEngleterre a fon parlement tenuz'a Weftm’ & adjcurnezaE X P/-Salopbirs lan de fon regne vint Si primere par eftatut avoit pardenez & releflez. as toutz fes lieges ■dEngleterre de quelconqe eftat ou condition qils feuflent & a chefcun dc eux toutes miners efehapes des ifelons chateux des futifs & des felons trefpafles negligences mefprifions ignorances & toutz autres articles deir Si autres chofes efeheues on advenues deinz le Roialme dEngleterre dont 1c puniflement cherroit cn fyn ou en ranceon ou en-autres>peincs pecunieres ou autrement. emprifonement des communes des villes ou des ftngulers perfones ou en charge de frank tenement de ceux qunqes ne trefpaflerent come heirs ou terretenantz des efehetours vifeonts ou coroners ou autres tieux.. Et enfement Ieur avoit pardor.ez Sz relellez toutes-tnaneres des douns alienations ou purchaces faitz par eux ou par afeun de eux des terres tenementz ou autres poffeffions tenuz de luy en chief lanz licence du..Roy & toutes maneres des entrees faitz en leur heritages purchaces ou autrement en partie ou en tout.apr-es- la mort leur aunceftres ou daucun autre fanz purfuite ou due proces ent fait tanqa Joedy ladarrein jour du dit parlement forfpris ceux terres tenementz & pofleffions • queux font alienez a mort maine fanz licence roiale. Et auxint lour -avoit entierment pardonez & releflez ' loutes maneres des fyns amerciementz iflues forfaiz nient adjuggiez ne terminez faitz efcheuz ou advenuz deinz mefme le Roialme devant le dit Joedy. Noftre dit Seignur le R.oy de ladvis & aflent des toutz les Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx & al efpeciale prier &requelt des dites Communes veet & grante qe toutz ' fes lieges.& chefcun de eux purront & purra avoir ufer & enjoyer ks privilege & benefice-des ditz pardon •

&	eftatut nientcontrefteant qe le dit parlement tenuz le dit an 'vint &'primere Sc toutz les eftatutz faitz cn -ycell .Si toutes les circumftances & dependences de mefme le parlementz font de tout adnullez-revqkez & repellez en le parlementnoftre-Seignurle Roy qor eft tenuz aWeftmMan.de fon reigne primere.

C A P.- XIV..

Purveyance for the King’s Houfe of 40 s. or under,-fhall be prefently paid for,-

ITEM ordeignez.eft & eftabliz qc les eftatutz. des Purveours faitz devant fes heures foient tenuz & ^rdez^nforced hyio Jt & mys en.due execution adjouftez a ycel qe deforenavant nul purveour nachatour face aucun purveance^'jj' ‘jc’ar.a, ou achate pur loftiell .du Roy.daucune c.hofe a la value de xls. ou dedeinz ftl ne face preft: paiement enc> . maype fur peyne. de perdre fon office li de paier atant a le partie grevee..	_

. 4.	CAP,

440 Cap. 15*

Anno fecundo Henrici IV

A. D. 1400

Rep. 25 H. c. 14.

1 F'd. 6. c.

I Eli* c. I 70 H. 7. f. Fitz. N.B. D.

Kill. 319. Bro. Herefy 29 Car. 2. c

C A P. XV.

The Orthodoxy of the Faith of the Church of England aiTerted, and Provifion made againft the Oppugners of the fame , with the Punifhment of Hereticks.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lend.

3.	T T EM cum domino noftro Regi ex parte Prelatorum Sc cleri regni fui Anglie in prefenti parliamcnto fit -» oftenfum quod licet fides catholica fuper Chriftum fundata & per Apoftolos fuos Sc ecclefiam facrofanctatn ISi fufficienter determinata declarata Sc approbata hattenus per bonos ac fanttos Sc nobiliffimos progenitores Sc ‘ antecefrorcs ditti domini Regis in ditto regno inter omnia regna inundi extiterit devotius obfervata & ec-l6,j.ckfia Angiicana per predittos inclitiffimos progenitores Sc anteceilbres fuos ad honorem Dei Sc totius regni preditti laudabiliter dotata Sc in fuis juribus & iibertatibus fuftentata abfque hoc quod ipfa fides feu ditta ecclefia per aliquas dottrinas perverfas vcl opiniones iniquas hereticas vel erroneas lefa fuerat vcl graviter ■ r' opprefla feu etiam perturbata nichilominus tamen diverli perfidi & perverfi cujufdam nove fette de dicta ' 9'fide facramentis ecclcfie Sc auttoritate cjufdem dampnabiliter fentientes & contra legem divinam & eccle-fiaflicam predicationis officium temere ufurpantes diverfas novas dottrinas & opiniones iniquas hereticas Sc erroneas eidem fidei ac fanctis determinationibus ecclefie facrofantte contrarias perverfe & malitiofe infra dittum regnum in diverfis locis fub fimulatc fandlitatis colore predicant Sc docent hiis diebus publice Sc occultc ac de hujufmodi fetta nefandifque dottrinis Sc opinionibus conventiculas & confederationes illicitas faciunt fcolas tenent Sc exercent libros conficiunt atque feribunt populum nequitcr inftruunt Sc informant . & ad feditionem feu infurrettionem excitant quantum poflunt Sc magnas diffenliones Sc divifiones in populo faciunt ac alia diverfa enormia auditui horrenda indies perpetrant & committunt in ditte fidei catholice & dottrine ecclcfie facrofantte fubverfionem divinique cultus diminutioncm ac etiam in deftruttionem flatus juriuin & libertatum ditte ecclefie Anglicane per quas quidem fettam fallafque Sc nephandas predicationes dottrinas Sc opiniones dittorum perfidorum & perverforum nedum maximum periculum animarum verum etiam quamplura alia dampna lean 'ala Sc pericula eidein regno quod abfit poterunt evenire nifi in hac parte per regiam majeftatem uberius & celerius fuccurratur prefertim cum diocefani ditti regni per fuam jurifdittionem fpiritualem dittos perfidos Sc perverfos abfque auxilio ditte regie majeflatis fufficienter corri-gere nequeant nec ipforum malitiam refrenare pro eo quod ditti perfidi Sc perverfi de diocefi in dioccfim fc transferunt Sc coram dittis diocefanis comparere diffugiunt ipfofque diocefanos Sc fuam jurifdittionem fpiritualem ac claves ecclefie & cenfuras ecclefiafticas defpiciunt penitus & contempnunt Sc fie liras nephandas predicationes & dottrinas indies continuant & exercent ad omnem juris et rationis ordinem atque regimen penitus deftruendum. Super quibus quidem novitatibus Sc exceffibus fuperius recitatis Prelati & Clerus fu-prauitti ac etiam c'ommunitates regni in eodem parliamento exiftentes ditto domino Regi fupplicarunt ut fua dignaretur regia celfitudo in ditto parliamento providere de remedio oportuno qui quidem dominus Rex premifla ac etiam dittorum inclitiffimorum progenitorum & antecefforum fuorum laudabilia veftigia gratiofe confidera'ns pro confervatione ditte fidei catholice & fuflentatione ditti cultus divini ac etiam pro falvatione flatus ju'rium Sc libertatum ditte ecclefie Anglicane ad Dei laudem ipfiufque domini Regis meritum ac totius regni preditti profperitatem & honorem & pro hujufmodi diflenfionibus divifionibus dainpnis fcund-ilis & periculis impofrerum evitandis Sc ut hujufmodi nephande fette predicationes dottrine & opiniones ceffent decetero Sc penitus deftruantur ex affenfu magnatum Sc aliorum procerum ejufdem regni in ditto parliamcnto exiflentium conceffit ordinavit Sc ftatuit decetero finniter obiervari quod nulius infra dittum regnum feu alia dominia fue regie majeflati fubjetta predicare prefumat publice vel occulte abfque licentia loci diocefani petita primitu ; Sc obtenta curatis in fuis propriis ecclefiis Sc perfonis hattenus privilegiatis ac aliis a jure canonico conceffis duntaxat exceptis nec quod aliquis decetero aliquid predicet teneat doceat vel informet clam vel palam aut aliquem librum conficiat feu feribat contrarium fidei catholice feu determination! ecclefie facrofantte nec de hujufmodi fetta nephandifque dottrinis & opinionibus conventiculas aliquas faci.it vel fcolas teneat vel exerceat quovifinodo ac etiam quod nulius impofterum alicui fie predicanti aut tales vel confimiles conventiculas facienti feu fcolas tenenti vel exercenti aut talein librum facienti feu.fcri-benti vel populum fie docenti informant vel excitanti quomodolibet faveat nec ipforum aliquem manute-neat aiiqualiter vel fuftentet Sc quod omnes Sc finguli aliques libros feu aliquas feripturas de hujufmodi nephandis dottrinis Sc opinionibus hubentes omnes hujufmodi libros Sc feripturas loci diocefano infra qua-draginta dies a tempore proclamationis iflius ordinationis tc ftatuti liberent feu liberari faciant realiter cum eflcCtu. Et fi que perfona vel perfone cujufcunque fexus.ltatus vel conditionis exiftat vel exiftant decetero contra dittam ordinationcm regiam & ftatutum prediftum in premiffis vel aliquo nremifibrum fccerit vel attemptaverit fecerint vel attemptaverint vel hujufmodi libros in forma preditta non liberaverit vel libe-raverint tunc loci diocefanus in fua diocefi ipfam perfonam in hac parte difFamatam vel evidenter fufpettam ■ fe 1 ipfas perfonas diitamatas vel fufpectas & ipfarum quamlibet poffit auttoritate dittorum ordinationis Sc Itatuti facere areltari Sc fub falva cuftodia in fuis carceribus detineri quoufque de articulis ei vel eis impofitis in hnc parte canonice fe purgaverit feu purgaverint vel hujufmodi nephandas fettam predicationes dottrinas & opiniones hereticas Sc erroneas abjuraverit vel abjuraverint prout jura Ccclefiaflica exigunt & requirunt Ita quod dictus diocefanus per fe vel commiflarios fups contra hujufmodi perfonas fic areflatas Sc fub falva cu-ftodia remanentes ad omnem juris effettum publice Sc judicialiter procedat Sc negotiant hujufmodi infra tres rnenfe; pod dittam areftationent impedimento legiti 1 o cefl’ante terminet juxta canonicas fanttiones Pit fi aliqua perfona in aliquo cafu fupeiius expreflato corain loci diocefano feu commiflariis fuis canonice fuerit convitta tunc idem diocefanus dittam perfonam fic convittam pro modo culpe Sc fecundum qualitatem delicti poffit in fuis carceribus facere cuftodiri prout Sc quanidiu diferetioni fue videbitur expedire ac ultcrius tandem perfonam preterquam in cafibus quibus fecundum canonicas fanttiones relinqui debeat curie feculari

44*

A. D. 1400. Anno fecimdo H e n r i c i IV. Cap. 16-*—18.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ad finem pecuniarium domino Regi folvendutn ponere prout hujufmodi finis eidem dioccfano pro modo fa qualitate delidti competens videatur. In quo cafu idem diocefanus per literas fuas patentes ipfius figillo figil-latas de hujufmodi fine ipfum Regem in Scaccario fuo certiorare tenebitur ad effeilum quod hujufmodi finis de bonis ejufdem perfone fic convi&e au&oritate Regis ad opus fuum exigi poterit & levari. Et fi aliqua perfona infra didta regnuin fa dominia fuper didfis nephandis predicationibus dodtrinis opinionibus fcolis fa infonnationibus hereticis & erroneis velaliqua eorundem fententialiter coram loci diocefano vel commifTariis fuis convidba fuerit fa hujufmodi nephandas fedtam predicationes dodlrinas opiniones fcolas fa informationes debite ahjurare recufaverit aut per loci diocefanum vel commifl'arios fuos poll abjurationem per eandem per-fonam factam pronunciata fuerit relapfa ita quod fecundum canonicas fanctioncs relinqui debeat curie feculari fuper quo credatur loci diocefano feu comnnflariis fuis in hac parte tunc vie’ comitatus illius loci & major & vicecomites feu vicecomes aut major fa ballivi civitatis ville vel burgi ejufdem comitatus didfo diocefano feu didtis commifTariis magis propinqui in fententiis per didtum diocefanum aut commiftarios fuos contra per-fonas hujufmodi fa ipfarum quamlibet proferend’ cum ad hoc per didtum diocefanum aut commifTarios ejufdem fuerint requifiti perfonalitcr fint prefentes fa perfonas illas fa quamlibet earundem poft hujufmodi fen-tentias prolatas recipiant fa eafdem coram populo in eminenti loco comburi faciant ut hujufmodi punitio me-tum incutiat mentibus aliorum ne hujufmodi nephande doctrine fa opiniones heretice fa erronee vel ipfarum audtores & fautores in didtis regno fa dominiis contra fidem catholicam religionem Chriftianam fa determina-tionem ecclefie facrofandte quod abfit fuftententur feu quomodolibet tolerentur in quibus omnibus fa fingulis premiflis didta ordinationem fa ldatutum concernentibus vicecomites majores fa ballivi didtorum comitatuum civitatum villarum fa burgorum didtis diocefanis fa eorum commilTariis fint intendentes auxiliantes etiam fa faventes.

CAP. XVI.

j If JVelJhmen do not reftore to Englijhmen the Diftrefles taken by them within feven Days,

Englifomen may return the like Meafure to them.

ITEM fur la grevoufe compleinte faite a noftre Seignur le Roi par les Communes en parlement coment Rep. », jac. j.

les gentz de Gales a la foitz par jour & al afoitz par noet viegnent deinz les contees adjoignantz a les c. 28. marches de Gales fa preignent diverfes diftrefl'cs des chivalx jumentz boefs vaches berbitz porks fa autres lour biensa grand nombre fa les amefnent enchacent fa emportent tanqa les Seignorieslaou ils font receantz fa illoeqes les detiegnont tanqe gree foit fait a lour volunte et ce fibien de ceux queux nont mye trefpaflez come de ceux qi ount trefpafl'ez. Et auxi les ditz gentz de Gales areftent de jour en autre les gentz des ditz countees venantz ove- lour merchandifes ou leur autres biens fa afFerment plcyntes devers cux des debts cove-nantz trefpafles fa autres adtions dont eux ne font mye parties ne plegges au fyn de eux grever par diverfes > fa outrageoufes amerciementz fa courtages a grant anientilement fa final dertruction des gentz des ditz countees noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant les mefehiefs fuifditz fa voillant fur ce purvoir de remede del aflent fa advis des Seignurs fuifditz & a la requefte des ditz Communes ad ordeinez fa eftabliz qe ft afeuns gentz des ditz countees foient arertuz. ou grevez come defuis eft dit foient maintenant faitz lettres tefmoignales re-citantes lour grevances diredies a les govern-ours ou fenelchalx ou tielx malefaifours font receantz ou lour biens fa chateux recettezen Gales delouth les fealx des vifeontz des ditz countees ou les mairs ou bailiifs des citees fa burghs ou des fenefehalx des franchifes ou tielx gentz demorantz font enfi grevez au fyn qe les ditz governours ou fenefehalx leur facent deliverer les diftrefles biens fa chateux iflint faitz prifes ou arr.ftuz et ills ne facent liveree des tielx diftrefles biens ou chateux iflint prifes ou arreftuz deinz fept jours apres la requefte a eux enfi fait qe bien life as gentz Engloifcs iflint grevez darrefter qucconques venantz ove biens fa chateux de.ceux des Seignories de Gales ou tieux mefFefours font demorantz ou recettez fa les retenir tanqe plein gree foit faitz as ditz grevez ove lour ruyfes courtages fa defpenfes enfcmblement ove leur diftrefles biens fa chateux fuifditz.

cap. xvir.

If a Wdjbman commit a Felony in England, and thereof is attainted, and after flieth into (Valet, upon Certificate of the King’s Juftices he fhall be executed.

ITEM ordeignez eft fa eftabliz qe ft aucun Galois deforenavant entre les countees a ce adjoignantz en laRcp. si jac. 1.

Roialme dEngfeterre fa en ycelles arde tue rape ou aucune autre felonie ou trel’pas face de quele il foit at- c. sS. teint deinz la Roialme dEngleterre par les loies de mefmes le Roialme par utlagarie ou abjuration fa repaire en Gales trefpaflant illoeqes qe fur les certification fa recordes affaires par les Juftices noftre Seignur le Roy en Engleterre devant queux ils ferront iflint convidtz defioutz leur fealx as Seignurs ou ininiftres ou tielx felons ferront trovez en Galez final execution foit fait fur mefme le felon par mefmes les Seignurs-ou leur mi-niftres fa ce fur grevoufe peine.

CAP. XVIII.

Lords Marchers in Wales fhall keep fufficient Guards in their Caftles.

ITEM ordeignez eft: fa eftabliz qe les Seignurs de Gales marchez ordeignent fa mettent fufliciantz ertuf-ReP*21 R0, T‘ feures fa gardes en leur chaftielx fa Seignories Galois au fyn qen temps advenir nul perdc riot lie damageCl aveigne a noftre Seignur le Roy ou fon Roialme ne nul de fes lieges per lour tenantz receantz ne nuls autres Galoies en leur defaut come ad advenuz fa efte fait pur defaut de bone governance en temps pafie.

Vol. I.	LJ1

C A P.

442 Cap. 19—22. Anno fecundo Henrici IV.	A.	D.	1400.

CAP. XIX.

No Evglifhman Hull be condemned at the Suit of a Welfbman in Wales., but only by Englifh

juftices, or Englijlo Burgeffes.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

B X P.	ITEM	ordeignez	eft	Si eftabliz qe .nul entier Engleis par les trois ans profeheins advenirs foit convict a

Bute de nully Galois deinz Gales ft ne foit par juggement des Juftices Engloifes ou par juggement des entiers Engloifes burgeoil'es ou par enqueftss des burghs villes Sc Engloifes des Seignuries es queux tiel Engleis foit areftuz.

CAP. XX.

No Weljhman fhalLpurchafe Land in England, nor in the EngUJJj Towns in V/ales.

Rep. 21 Jac. 1. |TEM accordez eft &r afientuz qe deforenavant nul Galoys foitreceu de purchacer ne purchace terre ou c-A tenement deinz Englcterre ne deinz les burghs villes Engloifes de Gales fur peyne de forfaire les ditz purchaces as Seignurs des queux les ditz terres ou tenementz font tenuz come de tiel eftat qe le dit purcha-ceour avoit cn ycellcs ne, qe nul Galoys foit accepte burgeys ne a nul autre libertee avoir deinz Is Roialme ne deinz les burghs,villes avauntdites.

C A P. XXI.

No Lord fhall give any Livery or Sign to any Knight, Efquire, or Yeoman.

o c. 3 Car. i. ITEM come au darrein parlement ordeignez eftoit k eftabliz qe nul Seignur de quel eftat ou condition c. 4.	L qil ferroit uferoit ne dorroit aucune liveree de ftgne de compaignie a nul chivaler efquier ne vadlet deinz

le Roialme fuifdit Sauvant toutefoitz qe noftre dit Seignur le Roy dorroit tantfoulement fon honurable liveree ales Seignurs tnnporelx queux luy plerroit et fauvant auxi qe mefme noftre Seignur le Roy dorroit fon die honurable liveree a fes chivalers St efquiers meyn.lx Si aux! a fes chivalers & efquiers qi	font de fa rete-

nue Sc preignent de luy lour fee annuel pur terme de vie.	Et outre ce accordez fuift St	affentuz par le

Roy St les Seignurs & communes fuifditz qe les ditz chivalers & efquiers ne uferoient aucunement leur dites liverees en leur paiis en contees es queux ils ferroient receantz ou demurrantz nailours deinz le Roialme hors de prefence du Roy. £t ft afeun Seignur ferroit le contraire & ce duement provee qil ferroit fyn Si ranceon a la voluntee du Roy. Et ft afeun chivaler ou efquier ferroit le contraire & de ceo feuffe due-mentiatteint perderoit fon dit liveree St forsferroit fon fee pur touz jours. Et qe nul vadlet appelle yoxan preigneroit ne uferoit nul liveree du Roy ne de nul autre Seignur fur peine demprifonement & de faire fyn &■ ranceon a la volume de Roy. , Purveu toutesfoitz qe les Coneftabie Sc Marefchall dEngleterre pur le temps' efter.ntz ove lour retenue des chivalers & efquiers purroient ufer la dite liveree du Roy fur les frontiers St la macche du Roialme en temps de guerre.

Et purveuz auxi qe toutz ceux qi vorroient travailler Sc pnfferoient la meet- as parties de dela pur quere °^ja	honour purroient ufer mefme la liveree cellcs parties fanz ent	eftre aucunement grevez ou empefeheez come

dlined agair.'ft ' en leftatut ent fait pluis pleinement eft contenuz. Noftre dit	Seignur le Roy confiderant le	dit eftatut eftre

unlawful giving molt expedient & neceffaire ad ordeignez St. eftabliz qe mefme leftatut foit fermement tenuz & gardez Ad-' jouftunt a ycell qe les Juftices de Iun-bank.Sc.de lautre.Sc les Jufti.es daftifes Sc de pees aient poair dejj-quere St doier Si terminer en ceil ens per record en leur prefence ou par enquerre affaire de temps en temps. Et qe les Dues Counts Barons ce Banerettes de Roialme puiffent ufer la dite liveree en lour paiis & ailleurs. Et auxi qe les ditz chivalers :.t efquiers puiflehtf ufer/la dite liveree en alantz du loftell du Roy St retor-n.ntz a ycell. Purveuz toutes foitz.qe. mefmes les chivalers & efquiers ne ufent mefme la liveree cn leur countees ou paiis ou ils font receantz ou demurrantz fur la peyne comprife en le dit eftatut. •' Et outre ce

The fevers] Forfeitures of feveral Of-fcndeis.

A Confirmation

er wearing Liveries.

of

fir Liveries of Company, which is repeahd alfo by 3 Car. 1. e. 4.

CAP. XXII.	,	;	:

Suits rmy be profecuted againft certain Perfons meant to be prote<5tAI by the Statute of

11 Rich. 2. cap. 1 & 2.

£ x v.

ITEM come en leftatut fait lan, unzifine le clit Roy Richard entre nutres chofes foit contenuz qe nul purfueroit riens a contraire de ce qadonqes-efto t ordeignez ou adjuggez touchant ceux envers queux juggement de forfeiture feuft done en mefme le parlerrent fur peine de mefme la forfeiture comprife en mefme lordinance Noftre dit Seignur L Roy veullant oufter tielx perils de forfeiture de ladvB St affent des Seignurs cfpirituelx St temporclx & a la requeftc de fes ditz Communes ad ordeignez & eftabliz qe nully foit grevez nendamagez pur nulle feute faite ou affaire a contraire du dit ordinance et qe chefcun foit frank Si a large'a purfuirc de grace Sc remede avoir faftz afeun empefehement non obftante lordinance avauntdite,	CAP.

Anno fecundo Henrici IV. C A r. XXIII.

Cap.

23, 24.

44:

The Fees of the Marfhal of the Marflialfea of the King’s Houfe.

Ex Rot. in Eurr: Lond.

T E M pur ce qe le Marefchall de la Marefchal-_ cie del Courte de lc'uftell noftre Seignur le Roy en temps de Roy Edward Aiel noft. c Seignur le Roy qoreft & devant foloi t prendre les Fes q ufuer.t ceftafi'avoir de chefcun qi vient p..r Capias ,1 dite Courte iiij d. & fil foit let:e a mayncprife ta'nqa fort jour ii d.' outfe &-‘de chtftSrl qeft e.raplsqe de tref-pas & trove ueux mainparnburs put garder fes jours tanqe a fyn de plee de prendre pur celie cauie de defendant ii d. ae chefcun commys a pr lone parjug-gement de Senefch.il eit queconqe manere qe ceo loit iiij d. de chefcun deliveree de felonie iiij d. de chefcun felon leffe a maynprjfe par la Courte iiiid. queux fees foloient eftre prifes & paiez en pleine Courte come le Roy ad bit-n entenduz par la cotn-pleinte des dites Communescn ftdten cell: parlement nefne nofcreSeignur leRoy pu ' oufter toutes durefTes & oppreffions affairs a ion poeple encontre les bons ufages & cuftuntes faitz 5c ufez en temps de fes progenitours de ladvis & alien t des Seignurs' efpi-rituelx & temporelx & a la fupplication :des, dites: communes ad ordeignez & eftabliz qe ft le dit Marefchall ou fes miniftres defoutz luy preign<r|>u preignant autres fees qe defuis font decja|ez£je mefme le Marefchal & chefcun de iespdjtzj'i'nj-niftres perde & perdent lour offices ec.paie ou patent trebles damages a pp.rtie grev e et qe la par-tie grevee ait fa feute devant le Sencfchall du dite Courte pur le temps efteant.

Et auxint ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe null fer-vitour des billes qi porte baftoh de mefme la Courte ne preigne pur chefcune leuk del Courte tanqal lieu ou il fra ion office pluis qun denier &C enfi pur xij. leukrs.xij. deniers & pur fervire venire facias xij. homines &c. ou diftr hors de mefme la Courte la double & ft afeun des ditz fervitours des billes face a contraire qil foit puniz par imprifonement & face fyh au Roy (clone la .diforetion de Senef-chall de mefme la Courte & foit forjugge la Courte. Et eit mefme le Senefcnall poair de faire proclamation al venue de dite Courte en chefcun paiis de temps, eq temps de toutz les articles avaunditz Sc dent faire punillement come defuis eft dit.

“ |TE M, Whereas the Marfhal of the Marfhalfea4 Inft. 131. 44 X of the Courfof "our Lord the King’s Houfe, in “ the Tim of King Edward, Grandfather of our 44 Lord the King that now is, and before, was wont 44 to tala? the Fees which do hereafter follow ; that is •

4> to fay, Of every Perfon that cometh by Capias to “ the faid Court, Four Pence; (2) and if lie be let to 44 Mainpnfertill his Kay, Two Pence more ; (3) and 44 of every Perfon which is impleaded of-Trefpafs, and “ findetli two Mainpernors to keep his'Day till the End 44 of the Plea, to take for that Caufe Two Pence of 44 the Defendant; (4) and of every Perfoti committed 44 to Prifon by judgement .of the Steward, in what-— fo'ever Manner the fame be,..Four Pence; (5) of “ every Perfon delivered of Felony, and of every Felon 44 let to Mainprife by the Court, Four Pence; (6)

“ which Fees were wont to be taken and paid in full 44 Court, as the King hath well perceived by theCom-44 ‘.plaint of the faid Commons thereof made in the faid Parliament(7^ 4 The fame our Lord the King f "tocav»id all fuch Wrongs and Oppreffions to he ‘ done to his People, agrinft the good Cuftoms and j; Ulb'gts- made a/td ufed in'the Time of his Progeni-i‘i|ors,, by the Advice and AiTcnt of the Lords Spi-rVritual and Temporal, and at the Supplication of the

4 Marfhal, and every of his faid Officers, fhajl lofe their 4 Offices, (8) and pay. treble Damages to the Party 4 grieved, (gj and that the Party grieved have his Suit ‘ before the Steward of the faid Court for the time being.’

4 II. Alfo it is ordained and eftablifhed. That no The Fees of a c Servitor of Bills that beareth a Staff’ -of the fame ‘:t-nTor 01 B'-s> 4 Court, fhail take for every Mile from the fame Court 4 to the fame Place where he Ihall do his Service, any” e " e °

4 more than id. and fo for 12 Miles xiid. (2) And j for to ferve a Venire facias xii homines, is'e. or 2 Dif-4 trir.gas out of the fame Court, the double : (3) And 4_ if any of the faid Servitors of Bills do the contrary,

4 he {hall be puniihed by Imprifonment, and make a 4 Fine to the King after the Difcretion of the Steward 4 of the lame Court, and alfo be forejudged the Court.

4 |.|) And the-fame Steward fhail have Power to make 4 Proclamation at his coming to the faid Court * in *.At the coming 4 every Country, from time to time, of all the Arti- cirthe Comr. 4 clcs aforefaid, and thereof to execute Punifhment as 4 afore is faid.’	9	R'	-•c-	5*

C A

XXIV.

Procefs again!! thole that were with the Duke of York, 23 Rich. 2. for their Wages then

received Ihall be difeharged.

T EM come les ditz Communes en compleignantz aient monftrez a noftre dit Seignur le Roy e.n parle- R X F. merit content en temps dudit nadguirs Roy Richard Ian de fon regne vint & tierce comanuez feuft par-mye le Roialme & as certeins gentz du Roialme chargez fur lour ligsance de venir al Due dEverwyk adonqes lieutenant dEngleterre pur aler & demurer ovefqe luy as gages de Roy et ore certeins proces font faitz hors de lefeheqer encontre les ditz gentz pur les fommes dargent adonqes prifes par eux a c.mfe de lour ditz travaille & demoer ove le lieutenant fuifdit a graunt damage de lour eftates ordeignez eft & eftabliz-par le Roy & les Seignurs fuifditz & a la requeft des dites Communes qe mefmes les communes & chefcun de eux R ehef-

L 1 i 2	cuft

444-

Cap. i} 2.	Anno	quarto	Hen rici IV. A. D. 1402

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond.

cun vifcont dEngleterre lors efteant purront & purra accompter devaunt les Barons de lefcheqer par lour fe-rtment dcs dites fommes iflint receues Si ent eftre defchargiez par lour ferementz fanz fuir autre garrant Sc qils Sz chefcun de eux aient Sz eit due allouance de ce qils ou aucun de eux ont ou ad defpenduz & paiez pur gages en chivachantz Si demurrantz ovefqe le dit lieutenant tanqe a la fomme par eux ou aucun de eux enii receue.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 4 He n. IV. and Anno

it

a

tc

a

it

tt

it

it

a

Dom.

TO the Honour of God and holy Church, and for the common Wealth and Profit of all the Realm of England, our Lord the King, by the Afl'ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the Special Inftance and Requeft of the Commons, affembled at the Parliament holden at WeJl-m njler the Morrow after the Feaft of St. Michael, the fourth Year of his Reign, hath ordained and ftablifhed certain Statutes and Ordinances by the Manner as followeth.”

1402.

Ex Rat. in Turr. Lond. m. 16.

AL honour de Dieux & de feinte efglife & pur les commune bien & profit de tout le Roialme dEngleterre Noftre Seignur le Roy de laffent des Seignurs efpirituelx & tempo-relx Sc a les efpecialx infiance & requeft des communes affemblez au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ iendemayn de Seint Michel lan de fon regne quart ad oroeignez & eftabliz certeins eftatutz Si ordinances par manere qenfeute.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Corporations and Perfons.

FIRST, That holy Church hive all her Liberties and Franchifes; (2) and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and all the Cities, Boroughs, and Towns franchifed, have and enjoy all their Liberties and Franchifes, which they have had of the Grant of the Progenitors of our faid Lord the King, Kings of England, and of the Confirmation of the fame our Lord the King; (3) and th t the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft, and all the good Ordinances and Statutes made in the Time of our faid Lord the King, and in the Time of his Progenitors, not repealed, be firmly holden and kept.’

PRimerement qe feinte efglife ait toutes fes fi-bertees & franchifes et qe toutz les Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & toutz les citees burghs & villes enfranehifes aient & enjoient toutes leur libertees & franchifes queux ils ont de grante des progenitours noltre dit Seignur le Roy Roys dEn-gleterre & de confirmation mefme nofire Seignur le Roy et qe la Grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte & toutz les bons ordinances Sz eftatutz faitz en temps noftre dit Seignur le Roy & en temps de fes ditz progenitours nient repellez foient fermement tenuz & gardez.

CAP. II.

The Words Infidiatores viarum, &c. /hall not be put in any Indictments, &c.

3 In4. 204.

A Confirmation or the Statute made 25 Ed. 3. de Clcro,

The \V0rd3 1 'Jidlatorex -via-r:m & deput’d a -lores agrsrum, ihail not Lc fxjt in Indi&ments or Appeals.

3 Inft. 41,

4.	ITEM, Our faid Lord the King having in Re-4 I membrance the faithful Hearts and the inward ‘ Affection that the Clergy of England hath borne to 4 him, and alfo the great Charges which the fame 4 Clergy hath had mo fuftained for his Honour an 1 ‘ Profit after the Time of his Coronation, and there -‘ fore willing to be a gracious Lord to them in their 4 Affairs, by the Affent of the faid Lords, at the fpe-4 cial Suit and Requeft of the laid Commons, will and 4 granteth, 7'het the Statutes made the five and twen-‘ tiethYenr of King El ward, Grandfather to our

*	Lord the King that now is, touching the Clergy of ‘ England, be entirely holden • nd kept, and put in 4 due Execution.

‘ II. And moreover the fame our Lord the King, 4 confidering th it the Words and Terms (that is to 4 fay) Injiiiatorcs war uni. Iff dcpcpulatores agrorum, ‘ comprised in the Petition delivered to him in this ‘ Parliament by the Clergy of England, have not been ‘ commonly uled in Indictments, Arraignments, Ap-4 peals, nor in other Impeachments in the Time of his 4 faid Grandfather, nor in the Time of his other Pro-

*	genitors, and willing therefore to avoid fuc^Novel-

2

ITEM noftre dit Seignur le Roy aiant en me-moire les entiers coers Sz les grandes nntureffes queux le clergie dEngleterre luy ad monftrez et auxi les grandes charges queux mefme le clergie ad eue & fuftenu pur fon honour Sz profit puis les temps de fon coronement Sz pur tant leur veullant monftrer gracioufe Seignourie en leur affairs de iaffent des ditz Seignurs Si a les efpecialx prier Si requeft des ditz communes voet & grante qe les eftatutz faitz lan vint Sz quint le Roy Edward Aiel noftre dit Seignur le Roy touchant le clergie dEngleterre feient entierment tenuz Si gardez Si mys en due execution.

Et en outre mefme noftre Seignur le Roy con-fiderant qe les parols Si termes ceftaffavoir Infidiatores viarum Si depopulatores agrorum com-prifes .en la petition a luy baillez en ccft pnrlc-ment par le clergie dbngleterre nont efte com-munement ufez en enditementz arrettementz nen autres empefehementz en temps de fon dit Aiel nen temps de fes autres nobles progenitours. Et veullantz par tant ouftier tielles novelleries pur

la

44-5

Anno quarto Henrici IV.

n

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. lagreindrequiete Sc feurtee de fon poeple de laffent des Seignurs &c communes de mefme le parlement Voet & grante & ad ordeigne & eftablie qe les fuifditz parols & termes nc foient defore enavaunt ufes ne myfes en enditcmentz arrettementz ap-peiles nen autres empefchementz quielxconqes Ne qe par force de null tiel parol ne tcrme afcun clerc f culer ou religious ne afcun autre perfone liege noftre Seignur le Roy foit defore enavaunt areinez appellez empefchez ne moleftez devaunt afcun jugge feculer mes voet bien noftre dit Seignur le Roy qe fes Juftices prendre & receivre purront devaunt eux enditementz arrettementz Sc appelles de felonies en foy portant lefFedl des fuifditz parols Sc termes ft aucuns des tielles felonies ferront defore enditez rettez ou appellez. Et ft par cas en temps avenir afeuns clercs feculers ou religious foient ou ferront enditez rettez ou appellez et leurs enditementz arrettementz ou ap-pelez portent leffedt desditz parols ceftaffavoir In-fidiatores viarum & depopulatores agrorum ou autres parols portantz effedl femblable nientmeyns eient tielx clercs Sc enjoient le privilege de feinte efglife Sc foient liverezasordinairs eux acmandantz ou a lour deputez fanz nul empefehement ou delaie.

c ties, for the gre t Quiet and Surety of his People, by c the Affent of the Lords and Commons of the fame ‘ Parliament, will and granteth, and hath ordained and ‘ eftablilhed. That the faid Words and Terms fhall ‘ not be from henceforth ufed, nor put in Indictments,

‘ Arraignments, Appeals, or any other Impeachments;

‘ (2) nor that by Force of any fuch Word or Term,

‘ any Clerk religious or fecular, nor any other of the ‘ King’s iiege People, {hall be from henceforth ar-‘ raigned, appealed, impeached, or grieved before any ‘ fecular judge ;	(3)	but	our	Lord the. King doth

‘ will, That the Juftices may take and receive before ‘ them Indictments, Arraignments, and Appeals of ‘ Felonies, containing in them the EffeCt of the faid ‘ Words and Terms, if any Perfon of fuch Felonies e fhall hereafter be indicted, arraigned, or appealed.

‘ (4) And if percafe it chance in Time to come any Clerks fhall be ‘ Clerks, religious or fecular, fnall be indidted, ar- allowed their c raigned, or appealed, and their Indictments, Ar- jr'"rp nouy'h-‘ raignments, or Appeals do comprehend the £fF <3: diameVhath ‘ of the faid Words, Infidiatores viarum, and depopula- tbs Words afore-‘ tores agrorum, or other Words purporting the like faid.

‘ EffeCt; yet neverthelefs fuch Clerks fhall have andHobart l8S>

‘ enjoy the Privilege of holy Church, and fhall be de-‘ livered to the Ordinaries them demanding, or their c Deputies, without any Impeachment, or any Delay.’

CAP. III.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church and Clergy. A Clerk convidt forTreafonj or being a common Thief, fhall not make his Purgation.

IT E M de mefme laffent voet & grante noftre dit Seignur le Roy Sc ad ordeigne & eftable qe toutz les O B.

eftatutz ordinances & grantes par fes nobles progenitours ou Predeceffours Roys dEngleterre faitz ou 32 H.	c: 3*

grantez al clergie dEngleterre pur la confervation de lettrs libertees & privileges Sc pur la confervation de les ^^church libertees & immunitees de feinte efolife nient revokez foient fermement tenuz obfervez & gardez & mys en°n(J cicr.-y " execution felonc lour forme Sc effeCt £t fur ceo le Ercevefqe de Cantirbirs pur luy mefmes Sc pur toutz autres confirmed. Evefqes de fa province ad promys a noftre dit Seignur le Roy qe fi defore enavaunt afcun clerk feculer ou religious qi foit conviCl de trefon qe ne touche le Roy mefmes ne fa roiale magefte ou qi ne foit commune laron & pur tie) notoirement tenuz & reputez Sc pur celle caufe come clerc convict ferra defore enavaunt deliverez a afcun erdinair qe icel ordinair luy gardera fauvement & feurement Sc fclonc leffeCf dune conilitution provincial affaire par les fuifditz Ercevefqe Sc autres Evefqes fur la contenue forme & effedlde les lettres de Simon jadis Ercevefqe de Cantirbirs portantz la date de xii Kal. deMarce lan de grace mill trois centz cynquante Sc primer enordinantz Sc mettantz en ycelle conftitution certeins peines par eux a limiter felonc lour difere- Hob-tion. Et qe nul tiel clerc convidt dc tiel trefon ou qil foit commune laron come defuis apres qil ferra liverez^ ®eik convift al ordinair unqes ne ferra purgation contre le purport de la fuifdite conftitution ferra demonftree a noftre dit ^common Seignur le Roy devaunt fon profthein parlement au fyn qe fil femble a fa haute diferetion qe la fuifdite con-Thief, fhall not ftitution ne ferra remede convenable en ce cas qe lors il poet eftre tretez Sc purveuz dautre remede par ma- make his Pur-nere come appartient.	gaiion.

tr	23 H. 8, c, 1.

CAP. IV.

The King will grant no Lands, &c. but to fuch as fhall deferve them.

thofe who fhall make any Demand without Defert.

The Punifhment of

ITEM come devaunt fes heurcs plufours douns Sc grantes aient efte faitz as diverfes perrones fibien des re- EXP.

venues du droit de la corone dEngleterre come des gardes manages terres & tenementz Sc autres diverfes commoditees fanz bone deliberation ent eue ficome les ditz communes ont monftrez a noftre dit Seignur le Roy en parlement mefme noftre Seignur le Roy ent veullant purvoir de remede ad declarrez qe fon entent eft de foy abftenir de faire aucuns tielx douns ou grantes finon a ceux perfones qe le defervont Sc come meultz y femblera a F oy Sc fon confcil. Et depuis qil eft le defire de toutz les eftats du Roialme qe riens foit enfy aemande de mefme noftre Seignur le Roy il voet qe touz ceux qi facent aucuns tielz demandes de luy a con-traire de ceft eftatut foient puniz- par advis de luy Sc de fon confeil Si qe celuy qenfi face tiele demande jam-mais nait la chofe enfi demandes.

CAP.

A. D. 1402.

44& Cap. 5—7.

Anno ouarto Henrici IV.

Enforced by 13 H. 6. c. 10

Repealed 5 Ed, 6. c. 6,

l' 39-

Sc 6

cap. v.

Every Sheriff fliall in Perfon continue in his Bailiwick, and fhall not let it.

|TEM, It is ordained and affented, That every I Sheriff of England /hall abide in proper Perfon within his Bailiwick, for the Time that he fnall be fuch Officer; (2) and that he fliall not I t the f id B.'iiiwick to farm to any Man, for the Time that he occupieth fuchOffice; (?) and that the faid Sheriff be fworn from Time to 'I inre to do the fame in fpe-cial, amongft other Articles comprifed in the Oath of the Sheriff.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lend.

ITEM ordeignez eft or affer.tuz qe chefcun vif-cont dEngleterre foit demurrant en propre per-fone deinz fa baillie pur -le temps qil ferra tiel officer Si qil ne leffe fa dite baiiiie a ferme a nully par le temps qil occupiera eel office. Et qa ce faire foit tiel vifeont jurrez de temps en temps en efpeciale entre les autres articles coniprifes en le ferement de vifeent.

* Rca.l

CAP. VI.

A Seal of Lead fliall be provided to feal Cloths wrought in London and the Suburbs.

TEM come devaunt ces heures pur oufter la deceit pad efte en les draps veriduz -en Londres fouth le noun & colour de les draps faitzen Londres & les fuburbes dicells ordeignez dftcit un feal de plum.be pur en-fealer tielx draps faitz en les ditz Citee or fuburbes tanqore tard qe pur finguler profit des certeins perfo.nes mefme le feal de plumb feitft ouftez a grant damage du poeple & grant efclandre a las' ditz Citee & fuburbes Noftre dit Seignur le Roy de laffent fuifdit pur obvier as tielx fubtilite & deceit ad ordeignez & eftabliz qun homme fufficiant ferra afijgnez par mefme noftre Seignur le Roy pur en ft tier les1 draps queux ferront oVerez texez ft fullez enla dite Citee &i les fuburbes dicelle dun feal de plumb come a.ncienement efcoit ufez'ddrik meifnes les Citee & fuburbes et qe nul tiel drap enfi overez texez & fullez deinz yceiles Citee & fuburbes foit aucunement venduz ou bargaignez ne mys a vent fil ne foit enfealez dun feal de plumb come devaunt eft dit. Et avera mefme noftre Seignour Je Roy la forfaiture des. draps ver.duz a coat.aire de ceft eftatut fi 'nulles y foient. ’	‘

c. 9.

Explained by nil. 6, c. 3.

Attmibj 1 H. 7 c. 1.

4 H. 7. c. 24.

27 //. 3. C. 10.

C A P. VII.

The Difieifee fliall have an Auife againft the Diffeifor taking the Profits.

T E M, Whereas in the Statute made the firft Year of King Richard II. it was ordained, “ That where feverai Perfons did diffeife otucr of their “ Freehold, and make Feoffment to divers People, as “ well to have Maintenance, as alfo to make theDif-“ feifees to be ignorant, againft whom they ought to “ take their Writ; (2) that the Difleifees in fuch Cafe “ might take their Writ againft them which thereof “ fhall take the Profits, fo that the Diffeifees commence “ their Suit v/i hin the Year next after the Diffcifni; “ (3) and the fame Ordinance fnould hold Place in “ every other Afliion or Plea where fuch Feoffments “ be made by .Fraud'or Collufion, to have their Re-“ cov-try againft fuch Feoffors, if they thereof take the cc Profits (4) ‘ Our faid Lord die King thinking ‘ the fud Statute to he very mifehievous and prejudicial ‘ to his People, becaufe of the Shortnefs of tile Time, ‘ by the Affent of the ibid Lords, and at the Requcft ‘ of the Commons r.for fail, hath ordained and ftab-‘ liihcd. That f ch DiFeifees fhail have their'Adtion ‘ againft the firft Diffeifor, during the Life of the ‘ fame Liffeifor, fo that fuch Diheifor thereof take ‘ the Profit; at the Time of the Suit commenced. (5) c And as to other Writs in Plea of Land, the De-‘ man'ant final! commence his Suit within the Year ‘ againft him which is Tenant of the Freehold at the ‘ 1 irr.c of the Addon accrued to him, fo that fuch ‘ Tenant thereof take the Profits at the Time of fuch c Suit commenced, notwitliftanding the faid Statute.’

7' E M come en Ieftatut fait lan primer ie Roy jl Richard fecond ordeignez eftoit qe la ou di-1 verfes gentz diffeifent autres de lour frank tenement I & fount fefferr.ent as diverfes gentz pur mainte-1 nance avoir fibien come pur faire les difleilez avoir mefconifance vers queux eux duiffent lour brief 1 prendre qe les diffeifez en tiel cas puiffent lour brief j prendre vers ceux qi ent preignent les profitz pa--riflintqe les difieifis comer.cent leurs fuites deinz lau profehein apres le diffeifyne & qe mefme lordinance tiegne lieu en chefcun autre addon en plee ou tieux feffementz font faitz par fraude ou t ollufion davoir lour rccoverer vers tieux feffours fi eux ent preignent les profitz noftre dit Seignur le- Roy en-tendant le dit eftatut eftre molt mefthevous Si •damageous a fon poeple a caufe debrief.e de temps de la’iient des ditz Seignurs & a la requeft des com-j munes" fuifditz ad ordeignez & eftabiiz qe tielx ] diffeifiz aient leur action devers le primer diffeifour • durante ia vie mefme la diffeifour parenfi qe tiel : diffeifour ent preigne les profitz au temps de la , fuyte comencee. Et quant as autres briefs en i plee de terre comcnce le demandant fa feute deinz ! lan devers celuy qeft tenant de frank tenement a temps de ladlion a luy accrue parenfi qe tiel tenant ‘ ent preigne les profitz a temps de tiele feute | comence non obftant Ieftatut avauntdit.

CAP.

Anno quarto Henrici IV.



CAP. VIII.

In what Cafes a fpecial Affife is maintainable again!! a Diffieifor with Force.

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond.

ITEM por ce Cje qc dejouren autre les grantz perfones de Roialme font forcibles entrees en autry terres & les poileffours ent ouftent cnclay-mant aucun foitz en lour droit demefne la ou lour entree ncit my congeable & afeun foitz en au ry droit la ou ils nont riens en reverfion en droit nen demefne ne il nad null affinite ne cofmagc entre eux 2c ceux en qi droit ils ount entrez Sc auxi lour biens & chateux preignont en nianere de roberie iffint fovent foitz ils font en ticl manere ouftez et de lour biens 2c chateux defpoilliez qiis nount riens pur lour droit purfuir & iffint par tieux fcreibles entrees & maintenance les terre tenantz & poffief-fours font toutoutrement defheritecz & dcilruitz Noitre dit Seignur le Roy veullant faire ovel droit as touz fes lieges fibien greindres come meindres & qe fes loies foient duement executz a la grevoufe compleinte dcs ditz communes & de ladvis & afi’ent des toutz les Scignurs fuifditz pur punir 2c chaftier tielx riotes & forcibles entrees enu faitz & affairs en temps avenir enc.ontre les loyes dc la terre ad ordeignez & eftabliz qe li afeun horr.me grant ou petit de quell eflat ou condition qil foit face afeun del forcible entree en fon droit demefne ou a fon ocps propre ou en autry droit au autry oeps par vcic de maintenance ou aucuns biens apres tiel forcible entree de les poffiffours de franc tenement pieigne ou emporte qe fi lapnrtie grevee ou autre loial ho,Time veet pfRer en fon noun qc lentree feuft fait en ticl forcible mar.ere qe le Chanceller dEngleterre pur le temps efleant ait poair par fa diferetion de grander efpeciale affife en ce cas a la partie grevee de qcconqe value qe les tenementz foient fanz fuir au Roy. Et fi tie! diffeifour foit atteint del diffeifine fame en del forcible manere qil eit la prifone dun an & rende al partie grevee fes damages a double. Et fil foit convict par mefme laffife qil ait pris ou emporte aucuns biens 011 chateux de tieux diffeifiz qe les Juflices de mefme laffife eient poair doier 2z terminer fibien pur nofire Seignur le Roy come pur la partie des biens & chateux iffint emportez & de agarder al partie grevee fes damages. Et qe en chefcune tiele affife efpeciale foit nomez un des Juflices de lun bank ou d.e lautre ou Ic chief Baron dc iefeheouer fil foit homme de loye. Et qen temps advenir nul brief de fuperfedeas foit grantez a ccntraire de tiele affife efpeciale.

C A

44 TTEM, Becaufe daily the great Peifons of the 44 JL Realm do make forcible Entries into other Mens “ Lands, and put out the Pofl’efTors of the fame, cMm-44 ing femetime in their own Right, where their £n-“ try is not lawful, and forr.etime in another’s Right,.

44 where they have nothing in Reverfion, in Right,

“ nor in Demean, nor is there any Affinity or Cou-44 finage betwixt them and thofe in whofe Right they “ have entered, and alfo take their Goods and Chat-“ ties in Manner of Robbery, fo that oftentimes they 44 be in fucli Manner put out, and of their Goods and 44 Chatties fpoiled, that they have nothing to purfue “ for their Right, and fo by fuch forcible Entries and “ Maintenance, the Land-Tenants and Pofiefrors fce-“ utterly difherited and undone;” (2) 4 our Lord the ‘ King, willing to do equal Right to all his liege Peo-1 pie, as well the fmall as the great, and that his Laws c he duly executed, at the grievous Complaint of the.

‘ faid Commons, and by the Advice and A.flent of ail ‘ the Lords aforefsid, for to pur.ifh and chaflife fuch ‘ Riots and forcible Entries fo made, and hereafter to 4 be made, againft the Laws of the Land, hath cr-4 dained and eftabiiflied, That if any Man, great or ‘ fmall, of what Efhte or Condition that he b., make ‘ any fuch forcible Entry in his own PJght, or to his ‘ own Ufe, or in another’s Right to another’s Ufe by * Way of Maintenance, or take or carry away any ‘ Goods after fuch forcible! ntry from the PolLuor of ‘ the Freehold, that if the Party grieved, or other 4 .lawful Man, will make Affiance in his. Name, that ‘ the Entry was made in fuch forcible Manner, that..

‘ the Chancellor of Ei-gl ,:d for the time being fhail 4 have Power, by his Diferetion, to grant a lpecial ‘ Affife in this Cafe to the Party grieved, of whatfo-‘ ever Value the Tenements be, without fuing to the 4 King. (3) And if fuch Difteifor be attainted of fuch.-‘ Difleifin made in fuch forcible Manner, he fhail.

4 have one Year’s Iir prifonment, and yield to the 4 Party grieved his double Damages; (4) and if he be The Penult; ft; ‘ convidt by the fame Affife, that he hath taken or'-siw'ngaway 4 carried away any Goods or Chatties, of fuch. Dillei-^e Din“fte s 4 fees, the Juiliccs of Affife fhail have Power to hear chatties'

4 and determine, as well for our Lord the King, as for 4 the Party, of the Goods and Chatties fo carried 5*• <Lt. t-4 away, and to award to the Party grieved his L a-c's,;

4 mages; (5) and that in every fuch fpecial Affife bed5	c' 2*

4 named one of the Juflices of the one B nch or of the f’frcct!b s K* 4 other, or the chief Baron of the Exchequ r, if he 4 a Man of the Law. (6) And that hereafter nov^ 31 El'

4 Writ of Sup or fed ~cs be granted to the contrary o£&f farther =.3 u, 4 fuch fpecial Airifes/	s-	'■	‘4-	&	21

Jjc. j. c. 13.

♦	Kvtercly Juflices are enabled to give ReflUut'.on vt certain Cafes*.

P. IX.

A Remedy to difeharge Com miflio iters difbrained to return Commiffions

T E M por ce qe pleufures commiffions font faitz en la Chancellcrte d: recks as diverfes perfones du Roialme aucun foitz pur enquer & certifier afeun foitz denquere oier & terminer & afcuri feitz de feifer terres tenementz biens & chateux les quclles commiffions unqes naviendront

"ff TEM, Becaufe that many Commiffions Be made 1 in the Chancery, directed to divers Pcrfons of the Realm, fometime to inquire and certify, fome-ti'me to inquire, hear, and determine, and fometime to feize Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chatties, which. Commiffions never came to the

Hands

Cap. io,

11.	Anno	quarto	Henrici	IV.	A.	D.	1402.

“ Hands of the faid Commiftioners, whereupon Writs “ iifued out of the Exchequer of our Lord the King “ to diftrain fuch Commiflioners, their Executors, “ Heirs, and Land-Tenants, fometime to yield the t! Eftreats of the Fines, 1 flues, and Amerciaments, “ which pertain to our Lord the King becaufeof “ the faid Commiflions, fometime to certity that which cc is found before them by Inqueft, and fometime to “ account of certain Things contained in the faid “ Commiflions, to the great Damage and Difquiet-cc nefs of many of the King’s liege People ‘ (2) The £ fame our Lord the King, for the Eafe and Quietnefs c of his People, willing in this Cafe to provide Remedy, ‘ by the Aftent aforefaid doth will, and hath ordained ‘ and ftabliihed. That the Chancellor of England for c the time being ihall ufe his Power, as he hath done ‘ before this Time in this Cafe ; (3) and in other c Cafes, the fame Chancellor {hall have Power by Au-c thority of Parliament (calling to him fuch Juftices as ‘ ihall pleafehim, or the chief Baron of the Exchequer, c if Need be) to provide Remedy from time to time by ‘ their Difcretion.’

By 7 H, 4, c, 11. Commiflioners not receiving Commiflions Jhall be discharged by Oath.

Ex Rot, in Tun. Lond. as mains des ditz commiflloners fur quoy briefs iffent del Efcheqer noftre Seignur le Roy pur de-ftreindre les ditz commiflloners lour executors heirs & terres tenantz afeun foitz de rendre les eftretes fines iflues Sc amereimentz qapertient a noftre dit Seignur le Roy par caufe des ditz commiflions afeun foitz de certifier ceo qeft trove devaunt eux par enqueft Sc afeun foitz dacompter de certeins chofes contenuz cs ditz commiflions a graunt damage Sc difeafe des plufeurs liges noftre dit Seignur le Roy Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy pur eafe Sc quiete de fon poeple veullant en ce cas purvoir de remede de laflent avauntdit voet & ad ordeignez & eftabliz qe le Chanceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ufe fon poair come il ad fait devaunt ces heures en ce cas. Et es autres cafes ait mefme le Chanceller poair par audboritee du parlement appellez a luy tielx Juftices come luy plerra ou le chief Baron de Lefcheqer ftl embofoignera de purvoir de remede de temps en temps felonc leur difcretion.

CAP. X.

The third Part of the Silver brought to the Bullion, {hall be coined in Half-pence

and Farthings.

OB.	ITEM pur la grande efcarcetee qy ad au prefent deinz le Roialme dEngleterre des mayles Sc fer-

lynges dargent ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe la tierce partie de tout la monoie dargent qe ferra porte a la boiliion foit faite es mayles & ferlynges N qe de celle tierce partie lune moitee foit faite es mayles Sc None flial! meit lautre moitee es ferlynges Et a ce faire Sc parfornir foit le coignour jurrez en el'peciale Et qe nul orfeure Halfpence or ne autre perfone queiconqe face foundir aucuns tielx mayles ou ferlynges fur peine de paier au Roy la qua-Farthings. treble de ce qenfi ferra foundu encontre la forme de ceft eftatut.

CAP. XI.

Commiflions ihall be awarded to Juftices, &c. to inquire of Wears, Kidels, &c.

25 E<^. 3. ftat. 1 4. c. 4.

45 Ed. 3. c. 2.

1 H. 4. c. 12.

Fat thcr provided f r by 9 H. 6. c. q.ar.d 12.EV/.4. c. 7. which in-flifis Penalty on Offenders. See farther 7 fac. I. c. 19.	6	7

IF. 3, c. 16.

1 Go. 1. flat. 2. c. iS. containing farther Regulation: concerning Wean.

Every Jufi’ce /hall have four Shillings a Day for every Day that he doth travel.

£ ITEM, Becaufe that by Wears, Stakes, and Ki-‘ X dels, being in the Water of Thames, and of other ‘ great Rivers through the Realm, the common Paf-‘ fage of Ships and Boats is difturbed, and much Peo-c pie periftied, and alfo the young Fry of Fifti deftroy-c ed, and againft Reafon wafted and given to Swine ‘ to eat, contrary to the Pleafure of God, and to the c great Damage of the King and his People ‘ (2) the fame our Lord the King intending to provide a due Remedy for the fame Mifchiefs, by the Advice and Aftent of the Lords aforefaid, and at the Requeft of the faid Commons, doth will and grant, That the Statutes thereof made be holdcn and kept, and put in due Execution; (3) joining to the fame. That Commiflions be awarded to certain Juftices and others, in every County of the Realm where Need {hall be, to inquire of all that which is contained in the faid Statutes, (4) and to punifh the Offenders of the fame Statutes by Fine, according to their Difcretion. Saved always and referved to the King our Lord, the Penalties comprifed in efpecial in the faid Statutes ; (5) and that the Eftreats of fuch Fines be delivered by the faid Juftices to the Sheriff7 of every County by Indenture, (6) and that the faid Sheriff pay of the Iffues and Profits rifmg of the faid Eftreats,

ITEM porce qe par les gortz eftakes Sc kidelx efteantz en leawe de Thamyfe Sc es autres grandes rivers parmy le Roialme commune paffage des niefs Sc batelx eft deftourbez Sc pleu-feurs gentz periz Sc auxint le joefne peffon deftruyte Sc encontre refon degaftez Sc dones as pores a mangier encontre la pleifance de Dieu Sc a grant damage du Roy Sc de fon poeple mefme noftre Seignur 1c Roy veullant mettre due remede fur les mefehiefs avauntditz de ladvis Sc aftent des Seignurs fufditz & a la priere des ditz communes voet Sc grante qe les eftatutz ent faitz foient tenuz. Sc gardez Sc mys en due execution adjouftez a ycclles qe commiflions foient faitz as certeins Juftices Sc autres en chefcun countee du Roialme ou bofoigne ferra denquerre de tout ce qeft contenuz en le ditz eftatutz Sc de punir les contrariantz mefmes les eftatutz par fyn felonc leur diferetions. Sauvez Sc refervez au Roy noftre Seignur les peines compri-fez en efpeciale cs ditz eftatutz Sc qe les extretes des tielx fyns foient liverez par les ditz Juftices as vifeontz en chefcun countee par endenture Et n qe les ditz vifeontz paient des iffues Sc profitz fourdantz des ditz extretes a chefcun des ditz

Juftices

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Juftices pur chefcun jour qil travaillera pur ex-ercer la dite commiffion iiiis. Sc qe les ditz vif-countz ent aient due allouance de temps en temps en lefeheqer.

Henrici IV.	Cap. 12, 13.

4 to every of the faid Juftices, for every Day that he 4 fhall travel to execute the fuid Commiffion, four ‘ Shillings, and that the faid Sheriffs have thereof due 4 Allowance from time to time in the Exchequer.’

449

cap.	xi r.

In Appropriations of Benefices Provifion (hall be made for the Poor and the Vicar.

T TEM ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe leftatut de X lanpropriation des efglifes & de lendowement des vicairs en ycelles fait lan quinzil'me le Roy Richard fecond foit fermement tenuz Sc gardez St mys en due execution Et ii afeune efglife foit approprie par licence du dit Roy Richard ou de Roy noftre Se:gnurqoreft puis le dit an xvrce contre le forme du dit eftatut qe ce foit duement refour-mez felone leffeift de mefme leftatut parentre cy Sc la feft de Pafqe profehein advenir. Et ft tide reformation ne ce face deins le temps fuifdit qe les appropriation Sc licence ent faitz foien: voidez St de tout repe’lez Stadnullez pur toutz jours forfpris lefglife de Hadenham en le diocis d£ly la quele pur efehuire plufours damages difeordes St debates qont efte devant ces he_res parent e levefqe dEly et lercedeaken dEly fur lexercife de lour jurif-diftion come y feuft overtement declarez par mefme levefqe en prefence de Roy St de Seign ts en parlement nadgairs p .r licence du R.oy noftre Seignur feuft appropriez a lercedeaken dEly St fes fucceffours pur y faire divines ferviccs hofpi-talite tenir St autres charges fupporter corre aft'ert. Et o”tre cco ordeignez eit Sc eftabliz qe toutes les dearies uniz annexez o r appropriez St les licences ent eues puis lan primer le dit Roy Richard combien qe ceux qont uniz annexez ou appropriez tieux vicaries foient en pofleffion de melines les dearies ou par vertue desdites licences purrent afeunement eftre en poff.ffiorf dicellcs en afeun temps advenir foient auxint detout voidez revokez repclles adnullez St difapprooriez pur. toutz jours et qe defore enavaunt-en chefcune efglife enii ap-propriee ou appropriere une feculere perfone foit or-deigte vikair perpetuel inftitut St induA caronikr-ment en ycelle St covenabkment endowez par la diferetion del ordinair pur faire divine fervice St en-fourmer le poeple St hofpitalitee tenir illoeqes forfpris lefglife de Hadenham fuifdite.. Et qe nul religious afeunement foit fait vicair en afeune efglife enft apprepriee ou appropriere par nulle voie en temps advenir.

4 y TEM, it is ordained. That the Statute of Ap- A •Confirmation 4 X propriation of Churches, and of the Endowment °. j, e„	^

4 of Vicars in the fame, made the fifteenth Year of touching the Ap-‘ Kir.g Richard the Second, be firmly holden and propriation of 4 kept, and put in due Execution ; and if any Churches. Cro.

‘ Church be appropriated by Licence of the faid King	516-	3

C T>	p	T ft 1	rr•	1 • ® IX.0I1 QO. IOO»

Richard, or of our Lord the King that now is,

‘ fithence the faid fifteenth Year, againft the Form of 4 the faid Statute, the fame fhall be duly reformed ac-‘ cording to the Effeft of the fame Statute, betwixt ‘ this and the Feaft of Eajler next coming. (2) And ‘ if fucli Reformation be not made within the Time 4 aforefaid, that the Appropriation and Licence there-‘ of be made void, and utterly repealed and adnulled ‘ for ever; (3) except the Church of Hadenham in The Church of 4 th° Diocefe of Ely, which, for to efehew divers Hadenham, in 4 Damages, Difcords, and iiebates, that have been D ortle °r,

‘ before this Time betwixt the Bifliop of Ely and the yt’njPXrch-C ‘ Archdeacon of Ely, upon the Exercii’e of their Jurif- deacon of Elr.

4 diflion (as it was openly declared by the fameLilhop ‘ in Prefence of the King, and of the Lords in Par-‘ iiament) was of late appropried, by the Licence of 4 the King our Lord, to rhe Archdeacon and his Suc-‘ ceffors, to do divine Service, keep Holpitality, and 4 to fupport other Charges as pertaineth. (4) More-4 over it is ordained and ftabliilied, That ail the V i- au Appropri-‘ carages united, annexed, or appropried, and the ations of Vic»-‘ Licences thereof had after the firft Year of the faid rases made fin<!e. ‘ King Richard, how well foever that they which 'he fillt of

c .	°	’	,	.	,	-	, „,/	R. 2. fnall be

have united, annexed, or appropried fuen Vicarages, piow. f.

4 be in Polfeffion of the fame Vicarages, or by the V ii-495.

‘ tue of fuch Licences may in any wife be in ro ieffion ‘ of the fame in any Time to come, they fnall he alfo 4 utterly void, revoked, repealed, adnulled, and dif-4 appropried for ever; (5) and tnat from henceforth a Vicar endow-4 in every Church fo appropried, or to be appropried, <■<) Hull be a Se-4 a Secular Perfon be ordained Vicar perpetual, ca-^darM-in, ond 4 nonically inftitute and indudt in the fame, and co-4 venably endowed by the Diferetion of the Ordinary, 3 • • • j-4 to do Divine Service, and to inform the People, and 4 to keep Hofpitality there, except the Church of 4 Hadenham aforefaid; (6) and that no Religious be 4 in any wife made Vicar in any Church fo appropried,

4 or to be appropried by any Means in Time to 4 come.’

C A P. XIII.

A Confirmation of the Statutes of 1 Edw. 3. Slat. 2. c. 5. iS Edw. 3. * c. 7. and 25 Edw. 3. •al'—Sm. 2.

Slat. 5. c. S. touching Service in War.

4 ITEM, it is ordained and ftabiifhed, That the 4 A Statute made the firft Year of King Edward,

4 Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is, con-4 taining, That none fhail be conftrained to. go out of 4 their Counties, but only for Caufe of Neceffity of 4 fudden coming of ftrange Enemies into the Realm ;

Voi. I.	Mmm	4	(2)	and

ITEM ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe leftatut fait lan primere le Roy Edward Aid noftre Sci»-nur le Roy qoreft contenant qe r.uls foient dif- 1 treintz daier hors de leur countees finoun pur ' caufe de neceffitee de fodeigne venue deftranges efnemys en Roialme et leftatut fait lan difoetifme du

Can.

i4> 15-

Anno quarto Henrici IV.

A. D. 1402.

All Men that hold of the King

*	(2) and the Statute made the eighteenth Year of the ‘ laid Grandfather, That Men of Arms, Hoblers, and ' Archers chofen to go in the King’s Sendee out of

*	England.\ fhall be.at the King’s Wages from the Day 1 they do depart out of the Counties where they were ‘ chofen; (3) and alfo the Statute made the twenty-‘ fifth Year of the faid Grandfather, That no Man be ‘ compelled to find Men of Arms, Hoblers, nor Arch-‘ ers, other than thofe which do hold by fuch Service, *■ unlefs it be by common Aftcnt and Grant made in ‘ the Parliament, fhall be firmly holden and kept in all ‘ Points ; (4) fo that always by Force or Colour of the

faid Supplication, nor of any other Statute thereto do any Service ‘ upon to be made, the Lords, nor any other that in War, (hall do c have Lands and Pofieffions in the Country of JValeS, tho .ame. t or jn Marches thereof, fhall in no wife be ex-‘ cufcd of their Service and Devoirs due of their faid ‘ Lands and Pofieffions, nor of any other Devoirs or 1 Things whereto they or any of them be bound ro our ‘ Lord the King, though that the fame Lords and ‘ other have other Lands and Pofieffions within the ‘ Realm of England ; (5) nor that the Lords, or ‘ others, of what Eftate or Condition that they be,

‘ which hold by Efcuage or other Service due to the ‘ King, any Lands or Pofieffions within the faid ‘ Realm, be in no wife excufed to do their Services 1 and Devoirs due of their faid Lands or Pofieffions;

‘ (6) nor that the Lords, Knights, Efquires, nor ‘ other Perfons, of what Eftate or Condition they ‘ be, which hold and have of the Grant or Confirm.)-‘ tion of our Lord the King, Lands, Pofieffions, Fees,

‘ Annuities, Penfions, or other y early Profits, be not ‘ excufed to do their Service to our Lord the King in ‘ fuch Manner as they are bounden bccaufe of the Lands, Poll, ffions, Fees, Annuities, Penfions, or Profits aforefaid.’

c. 6. 13	14Car. 2. c. 3. 15 Car. 2. c. 4. 1 Ann Stat. 2. c. 23.

fee, I. ©*33 Geo. 2. c. 22 i£? 24. containing nezv Regulations of the

O B. 12 Car. 2. c. 24.

See 13 Car. 2. Stat, c, 26.	32 Geo, 2. c.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. dit Aiel qe gentz darmes hobelers & archiers efluz pur aler en le fervice du Roy hors dEngleterre lbient as gages le Roy du jour qils departiront hors des countees ou ils feuront efluz et auxint leftatut fait lan vint & quint le dit Aiel qe nul homme foit arte de trover gentz darmes hobelers narchiers autres qe ceux qi tiegnent par tiel fervice fil ne foit par commune afient & grante faite en parlentcnt foient fermement tenuz & gardez en toutz pointz Parainfi toutes voies qe par force ou colour de la dite fupplicatien ne dafc'in eftatut fur ceo affaire les Seignurs nautres qi ount terres & pofieffions en paiis de Gales ou en le marche dicell ne foient en afeun ntanerc excufez de lour fervice & devoirs de lours dites terres & pofieffions dues ne dafeuns autres devoirs ou chofes a les quelles ils ou afeuns de eux font a noftre dit Seignur !e Roy efpecialment obligez combien qe yceux Seignurs & autres aient autres terres Si pofieffions dedeinz le Roialme dEngleterre ne qe les Seignurs ou autres de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qi tiegnent par efcuage ou autre fervice due au P.oy afeuns terres ou pofieffions dedeinz le dit Roialme ne foient afeunement excufez de faire les fervices & devoirs des ditz terres ou pofieffions dues ne qe les Seignurs chivalers efquiers nautres perfones de quel eftat ou condition qils foient qi tiegnent & ont de la grant ou confirmation de noftre dit Seignur le Roy terre pofieffions fees an-nuitees empenfions ou autres profitz annuelx ne foient nafeun de eux foit excufez de lour fervice affaire a noftre dit Seignur le Roy par tiel mar.ere come ils font tenuz par caufe des terres pofieffions fees annuitees empenfions ou profitz fuifditz.

t Geo. I. Stat. 2. c. 14. 7 Geo. 2. c. 23. 30 Geo. 2. c. 25. 31 Geo. 2.

Militia.

CAP. XIV.

A Labourer fhall not be retained to work by the Week

Exp. j El. c. 4. TTEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul laborer foi retiegne pur lowere par femr.igne ne qe nuls laborers car-jL penters cementcrs tegulcrs plaftrers doubers coverours des maifons nautres laborers quielconqes priegnent lowere pur jours de feftes ne pur veile dcs feftes ou ils ne laborent forfqe al heure de none finon pur demy jour fur peine qe tiel laborer carpenter cementer teguler plafterer douber coverour des. maifons ou autre laborer quelconqe qi prendra a contraire de ceft eftatut paie au Roy pur chefcun foitz qil avera enfi fait a con-traire xxs.

CAP. XV.

Merchants fhall beftow their Money received upon other Merchandifes of this Realm.

* TTEM, It is ordained and eftablifhed. That all ‘ J. the Merchants, Strangers, and Denizens, which

bring Merchandifes into this Realm of England, and the fame do fell within the Realm, and receive Eng-lijh Money for the fame, that they fhall beftow the fame Money upon other Merchandifes of England, for to carry the fame out of the Realm of England, without carrying any Gold or Silver in Coin, Plate, or Mafs, out of the faid Realm, upon Pain ofForfei-ture of the fame, faving always their reafonable Cofts.’

Enforced by 5 H. c 4. c.9.	*

2	11. 6. c, 6.

27 H. c. 3.

37 Ed. 4. c. J. ‘

3	H. 7. c. 8. t ‘which lajl mrn-ItoncdStatutel arc c&rtinxcd fer twmty Years, by 7 Ed. 6. C. 6. 10 Ann. c. 26. 6Gto. 1. f. 12. & 2Z Cm. 2. c. 26.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe toutz les mar-chantz aliens eftranges & denzeins qamefnent marchandifes en Engleterre & les vendent deinz le Roialme Si la monoie dEngleterre pur ycelles rc-ceivent qils mettent mefme la monoie fur autres marchandifes dEngleterre pur les amefner hors du Roialme dEngleterre fanz emporter afeun or ou argent en coigne plate ou made hors du dit Roialme fur peine de forfeiture dicell Sauvez toutes foitz leur collages raifonables.

See farther concerning the Exportation of Gold and Silver, 15 Car, 2, c, 7. fee, ii, 9 ©* 10IV. 3. c, 28.

CAP.

3

Cap. 16—18

Anno quarto Henrici IV.

45i

CAP. XVI,

No Ptrfon lhall carry Gold or Silver out of the Realm without the King’s Licence*.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM come cn diverfes ordinances & eftatutz devant ces heures faitz ordeignez foit & eftabliz qe nulE5,p;

homme de quele eftat ou condition qil foit amefne nenvoie ne face amefner nenvoier or nargent en ® t ' >' at'"' monoie nen veflel nen plate hors du Roialme dEngleterre fanz efpeciale congie & licence noftre dit Seig- $r, .. nur le Roy Et por ee qe rnefmes les ordinances & eftatutz font molt profitables & variables pur luy & purc..s. tout fon Roialme ftls feuflent mys en due execution Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy de ladvis & afient des 2 H- f c-&• Seignurs fuifditz & al efpeciale prier des ditz communes ad ordeignez &: eftabliz qe les ditz ordinances & eftatutz foient tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution. Et ft alcune perfone de quel eftat ou condition^"”^^. qil foit amefne ou envoie ou face amefner ou envoier or ou argent en monoie vefiel ou en plate hors du ditKr.

Roialme fanz efpeciale congie du Roy finon pur fes expenfes raifonables come dcfi’uis eft dit ait eeluy qi le purra efpier fur les pleice & loiale certification ent affaire as Barons de lefcheqer noftre Seignur le Roy la tierce partie de tieie chofe enfi efpie pur fon travail a durer tanq a proehein parlement.

* This Chapter is mifplaced in the Print. It follows Cap. XXXIV. upon the Roll.

CAP. XVII.

Infants are not to be received into the Order of Friers without the Confent of their

Parents, Uc.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul frere de les quatre ordres ceftaflavoir freres Menoirs Auguftins Preeh- O B.

ours & Carmelitz deforenavant preigne ne receive aucun enfaunt en leur dit ordre ft] ne foitentrcz en lage de quatorfze anz fanz afient de fon pie re & miere ou autres fes profcheins amys de fane ou autres fes amys ou tutours en qi garde tiel enfant ferra continuelment converfant ou' demorrant. Et qe nul tiel frere de nul des ditz ordres amefne embefil nefloigne ne face amefner embefiller nefloigner par luy ne par autre aucun tiel enfaunt hors del lieu ou il ferra enfi primerement pris ou refeeux tanqa autre lieu par un an entier prof-chein enfuant del prife ou reeeit en le dit ordre. Et ft aleun tiel enfant foit enfi pris receuz ou detenuz encon-tre la voluntee des fes ditz pier & miere ou de fes autres amys ou tutours fuifditz ou qil foit amefnez em-befillez ou efloignez del lieu ou il ferra enfi primerement pris ou reeeux tanq autre lieu & rnefmes les pier ou miere ou autres fes amys ou tutours fuifditz aient fait requeft al miniftre provincial gardein ou priour de tiel ordre ou lieu ou le dit einfant eft ou ferra enfi pris reeeux ou detenuz & 11s ne veullent faire liveree de mefme leinfant a fez ditz piere ou miere ou autres fes amys ou tutours fuifditz fuent rnefmes les pier ou miere ou autre fes ditz amys ou tutours au Chaneeller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant & ait mefme le Chanceller poair par audloritee du parlement denvoier pur les miniftres ou provincialx de les ditz quatre ordres gardein ou priour del lieu ou tiel enfant enfi ferra pris receuz ou detenuz de temps en temps & de les punir fe-ionc la diferetion du dit Chaneeller & felone ee qe le cas requiert eelle partie. Et au fyn qe ceft eftatut & ordinance tiegne lieu pur tout temps advenir frere Johan Zouche miniftre del ordre des freres Menours en Engleterre frere William Pikworth provincial del ordre des freres Preehours en Engleterre frere'William de Welle provincial del ordre des freres Auguftins en Engleterre & frere Eftephen de Patryngton provincial del ordre des freres Carmelites en Engleterre efteantz en leur propres perfones devaunt le Roy & les Scig-nurs efpirituels & temporelx & les communes de Roialme cn plein parlement en mettantz leur mayries dex-tres fur leur pices firent ferement & promiftrent en mefme le parlement de tenir gardcr obfervir & perfournir leftatut & ordinance fuifdites pur eux & leur fucccfiburs a toutz jours.

C A P. XVIII.

The PuniHiment of an Attorney found in Default.

ITEM pur pleufeurs damages & mefehiefs qont advenuz devaunt ces heures as diverfes gentz du Roialme par le grant nombre des attournees nient faehantz naprifes de la loye come ils foloient eftre pardevant ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe toutz les attournees foient examinez paries Juftices & par leur diferetions leur nouns mys en rolle & ceux qi font bons & vertuoufes & de bone fame foient reeeux & jurrez de bien & loialment fervir en leur offices Sr en efpeeial qils ne f-eent nulle fuyte en foreine countee & foient les autres attornees ouftez par la diferetion des ditz Juftices & qe leur meiftres ove queux ils feurent attornees foient garniz de prendre autres en leur lieux parenfi qen le mefne temps

“ tTEM, For fundry Damages and Mifchiefs that wi,»t_Sor;

“ I have enfued before this'l ime to divers'Perfons	JC

“ of the Realm by a great Number of Attornies, igno- 4 i°<t lL-i.

“ rant and not learned in the Law, as they were wont3 h, 6. f. ’q. “ to be before this Time;” (2) ‘ it is ordained and iGeo, 2.c. 1;. ‘ ftablifhed, That all the Attornies ihall be examined ‘ by the Juftices, and by their Diferetions their Names ‘ put in the Roll, and they that be good and vertuous,

‘ and of gsod Fame, fhall be received and fwornwelj ‘ and truly to fervre in their Offices, and efpecially that ‘ they make no Suit in a foreign County; and the ‘ o' her Attornies fhall he put out by the Diferetion of ‘ the faid Juftices; (3) and that their Matters, for ‘ whom they were Attornies, be warned to take e others in their Places fo that in the mean Time no Mmm 2	‘	Damage

so H. 6. f. 37. Bro. Attur. 33.

Cap 19, 20.	Anno	quarto H

‘ Damage nor Prejudice corre to their faid Matters,

‘ (4) And if any of the faid Attornies do die, or do ‘ ceafe, t e Juftices for the time being by their Difcre-‘ tion fhall make another in his Place, which is a ver-‘ tuous Man and learned, and fworn in the famcMari-£ ner as afore is faid ; (t;) and if any fuch Attorney ‘ be hereafter notorioufly found in any Default of Re-‘ cord, or o'.herwifc, he fhall forfwear the Court, and ‘ never after be received to make any Suit in any ‘ Court of the King. (6) And that this Ordinance ‘ be holden in the Exchequer after the Difcretion of ‘ the Treafurer, and of the Bar ns there.’

enrici IV.	A. D. 1402.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond, damage ne prejudice adviegne a leur ditz meiftrez. Et ft aucun des ditz attourneez devie ou cede qe les Juftices pur le temps efteamz par leur difere-tions facent autre en fon lieu qi foit hommc ver-tuous & fachant & jurrez en mefme le manere come deffuis. Et ft afeuntie! attournee foit notoirement trovez en defaut de record ou autrement en temps advenir qil forfuire la courts & qe jammuis il ne foit refeeu a nulle fuite faire en aucune Courte de Roy & qe mefme cefte ordinance foit tenuz en lefeheqer felonc la difcretion del treforcr & des Barons illoeqes.

CAP. XIX.

."No Officer of a Lord of a Franchife fhall be Attorney in the fame.

‘ ITEM, It is ordained. That no Steward, Bailiff, * -*■ nor Minifter of Lords of Franchifes, which have ‘ Return of Writs, be Attorney in any Plea within c the Franchife or Bailiwick whereof he is or fhall be ‘ Officer of Minifter, in any Time to come.’

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul fenefchall bailiff ne miniftre des Seignurs des franchifes ont retourne du brief foit attornee en nul plee einz la franchife ou baillie dont il eft ou ferra tiel officer ou miniftre en aucun temps advenir.

CAP. XX.

Cullomers, Controllers, &V. fhall abide upon their Office, and make no Deputies ; and every Cuftomer fhall be fworn to anfwer the King all Profits.

14 R. s. c. 10. 17 R-2, c. 5.

1 H.4. c. 13.

"Enforced by 13 K.4.C.5.

3H. 6. c.3.

Merchanclife /hail be charged and difeharged in Ports, and net in Creeks.

11 H. 6. c. 15.

T T E M it is ordained and eftablifhed, That the * Statute made in the firft Year of our Lord the King that now is, That Cuftomers and Controllers in every Port of England fhall abide upon their Offices in their proper Perfons, without making any Deputy or Lieutenant in their Names, be firmly holden and kept in all Points; (2) joined.to the fame, That they fhall be fworn to do the fame from Time to Time upon Pain of Imprifonment, and .to pay to the King an Cl. if they do contrary. (3) Alfo it is accorded and affented, that the Lieutenant of the King’s chief Butler, and the Searcher, fhall be refident in the fame Manner, and upon the fame Pain of an Cl. to pay the one half to our Lord the King, and the other half to him that will fue for the fame againft fuch Cuftomers, Controllers, Lieutenant, or Searcher, not refident; (4) and that every Cuftomer from henceforth, upon the yielding of his Account in the Exchequer, be fworn by his Oath to anfwer lawfully to the fame Lord the King, without Fraud or Deceit, of all Manner of Profits and Commodities for the Payment of any Alignment, be it by Tail, or in any other Manner whatfoever. (5) And that all Manner of Merchandifes entering in the Realm of England, or going out of the fame, Thai] be charged and difeharged in the great Ports of the Sea, and not in Creeks and fmall Arrivals, upon Pain to forfeit all the Merchandifes fo charged or difeharged to our Lord the King, except Veifels or Merchandifes arriving in fuch little Creeks and Arrivals by Cohertion of Tempeft of the Sea.’

See 31 II, 6. c.5.

1 El. c. II.

(, 8. wlicb put Cuftomer i9 &c. unde* farther ReftriRlom,

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe leftatut fait lan primer le Roy noftre Seignur goreft de ce qe les cuftumers & controllours en chefcun port dEngleterre demoergent fir leur offices en leur propres perfones fanz aucun deputee ou lieutenant faire en leur nouns foit fermement tenuz & gardez en toutz points adjoaftez a ycel qe a. ce faire i?s foient jurrez de temps en temps fur peine dempri-fonement de paier au Roy C li. fils facent le con-traire. Et auxint accordez eft & affentuz qe le lieutenant du chief botiller du Roy & le fercheour foient refidents en mefme la manere & fur mefme la peine de C li. a paiere lun moitee a noftre Seignur le Roy & lautre moite a celuy qi voet fuir pur mefme noftre Seignur le Roy devers tieux cuftumers controllours • lieutenant ou fercheour nient refidentz. Et qe chefcun cuftumer defore enavaunt fur fon accompt rendre en lefeheqer foit jurrez par fon ferement de refpondre loialment a mefme noftre Seignur le Roy fanz fraude ou male engine des toutz inaners p ofitz & commoditees pur paiement dafeun alfignement foit il par taille ou autrement par lui ou aucun autre refeeuz ou a refeeivers pur achate dafeun taille ou en autre manere queconqe. Et qe toutz maneres des mar-chandifes entrantz en la Roialme dEngleterre ou iffantz dicell foient chargez & d ffehargez en les grantz portz du mier &. nemye en crykes & petitz arrivails fur peine des toutes les marchandifes iffint chargez ou defehargez a noftre Seignur le Roy forfaire forfpris veTeux ou marchandifes appliantz en tieux petitz crykes & arrivails par cohertion de la tempefte du mier.

CAP.

Anno quarto Henrici IV. Cap. 21 — 23.

453

C A P. XXI.

Searchers Ihall not Jet any their Offices to ferm, or occupy them by Deputy. Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

T T E M ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les fercheours ■* en chefcun port dKngleterre foient chargiez & jurrez qils ne lellent a ferme leur office de fercherie ne les occupient par deputee et qils ne preignent defore enavaunt de nulles meftres ties niels de lour office de fercherie faire nul argent ne monoie pur leur bienvenuz & bienalees ne nul autre chofe pur ycell come il ad efte pris &; levez (levant ces heures autrement qe ne Terra ordeignez a eux pur lour office par noftre Seignur le Roy. Et qe nul fercheour foit hoft a nul marchant ne maryner. Et en cas qaftn n fercheour face le contrair de ceft eftatut & ce duernent provee foit mefme le fercheour oufte de fon office pur toutz jours & face fyn & ranceon a la volentee du Roy.

This Chapter follows Cap.

TEM it is ordained and eftablilhed, That the Searchers in every Port of England fhall be charged and fworn, That they {hall not let to (erm their Offices of fearching, nor occupy the fame by a De puty; (2) and that from henceforth they take of no Mafters of Ships for their Office of fearching, any Silver or Money for their Welcome and Farewcl, nor any other Thing for the fame, as it hath been taken and received before this Time, otherwife than (hall be ordained to them for their Office by our Lord the King; (3) and that no Searcher be Hoft to an Merchant or' Mariner. (4) And in cafe that any Searcher do contrary to this Statute, and that duly proved, the fame Searcher fhall be put out of his Office for ever, and make Fine and Random at the King’s Will.’

XVI. on the Roll.

See 13 H. 4 c.

5.	ihe

Rtjidetue if Sem cLit'Sf ^l •

See the 'References to the foregoing Chapter.

CAP. XXII.

The Remedy where by the King’s Prefentation any Incumbent is put forth.

ITEM come ordeigne foit par eftatut fait lan vint & quint le dit Roy Edward Aiel noftre dit Seignur le Roy qe ft le Roy ferra collation ou prefentement a nulle benefice en autri droit qe le title fur qi il fe fondera ferroit bin examine qi] ferroit verrai & a quel heure qe avant juggement rendu le title foit trove par bone enformation nient verroi nc joufc foit la collation ou prefen'cment ent taitz repellez & anientez. Et enoutre foit ordeigne fyeftabli en eftatut fait apres en temps du Roy Richap.d qe ft le Roy prefente a afeun benefice qi foit plein dafeun incumbent qe le prefentee le Roy ne foit refeeu par lordinarie tanqe ie Roy eit recoverez fon prefentement par proces de ley en fa courte demefne & ft afeune prefentee du Roy foit autrement refeeu & ie incumbent oufte fanz due proces come defuis eft dit commence le dit incumbent fa fuyte deinz un an apres la induction de prefentee du Roy Noftre Seignur le Roy confi-derant le grant mefehief du dit incumbent celle partie ad ordeignez & eftabliz de laffent avauntdit qe ft aucun tiel incumbent foit ouftee de fon benefice fanz proceffe en la rnanere fuifdite qe le dit incumbent iffint ouftee fanz proceffe puiffe eftre a large & fuir remedie par le dit eftatut & comeneer fa dite feute en ce cas a quel temps qe luy plerra deinz lan ou apres a fa volentee & ce fibien pur temps paffe come pur temps advenir nient comre-fteant le dit terme enfi limite par le dit eftatut.

“ y TEM, Whereas it is ordained by the Statute *5^6.3 flat. 3. “ i made the twenty fifth Year of King Edward, c- 3-“ Grandfather to our Lord the King, that if the King “ make Collation or Prefentment to any Benefice in “ another’s Right, that the Title whereupon he “ grounaeth him lhould be well examined that it be “ true; (2) and at what i i;ne, before Judgement “ given, the Tide be found by good Information un-cc true and unjuft, the Collation or Prefentment thereof “ made, fhall be repealed and adnulled. (3) And “ moreover, in a Statute made after in the Time of “ King Richard, it was ordained and eftabiilhed,

“ That if the King prefent to any Benefice that is full 13 R. 2. flat. 1. “ cf any Incumbent, that the King’s Prefentee {hallc-'•

“ not be received by the Ordinary, till the King hath 1 wod- 279"

“ recovered his Prefentment by Procefs of the Law in “ his own Court; (4) and if any Prefentee of the “ King be otherwife received, and the Incumbent put “ out without due Procefs, as afore is faid, the fame “ Incumbent fhall commence his Suit within a Year “ after the Induction of the Prefentee:” ‘ (5) Our ‘ Lord the King confidering the great Mifchief of the ‘ Incumbent in this Behalf, hath o dained and fta-‘ bliflied, by the Affent aforefaid, That if any fuch ‘ Incumbent be put out of his Benefice without due ‘ Procefs in the Manner aforefaid, that the faid In-‘ cumbent fo put out without Procefs, may be at large,

‘ and fue for his Remedy by the faid Statute, and be-* gin his Suit in this Cafe at what Time {hall pleafe ‘ him, within the Year, or after, at his Will; and ‘ that as well for the Time paft, as for the Time 10 c come, notwithftanding the Term fo limited by the ‘ faid Statute.’

C A P. XXIII.

Judgements given fhall continue until they (ball be reverfed by Attaint or Error.

ITEM come fibien en plee roial come perfonel apres juggement renduz en les courtes noftre Seignur le Roy les parties font faitz venir fur griefe peine a la. foith devant le Roy mefmes a la

Iq H. 6. f. 39.

TEM, Where as well in Plea real as in Pica per- Dyer 315.321, fonal, after judgement given in the Courts of37®-

JJC- 335.

343-

our Lord the King, the Parties be made to come ^ upon grievous Pain, fometime before the King him- I Bulftr. 4.2,

“ felf, 47, u&\

12 Co. 64. Dr. and Scud, c. 18.

Cap. 24—28.	Anno	quarto

“ felt', fometime before the King's Council, and fome-“ times to the Parliament, to anfwer there of new, to “ the great Impoverifhing of the Parties aforefaid, and “ in the Subverfion of the common Law of the Land ‘ (2) it is ordained and ftablifhed, That after Judge-‘ ment given in the Courts of our Lord the King, the ‘ Parties and their Heirs fhall be thereof in Peace, ‘ until the Judgement be undone by Attaint or by ‘ Error, if there be Error, as hath been ufed by the 1 Laws in the Times of the King’s Progenitors.’

This Chapter follows Ca

Henrici.	A.	D. 1402.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. foith devant le confeil du Roy & a la foith en par lement de ent refpondre de novel a grant anientife-ment des parties fuifditz Si en fubverfion de la commune loie de la terre ordeignez eft & eftabliz qapres juggement rendu en les courtesnoftreSeignur le Roy les parties & leur heirs en foient en pees tanqe le juggement foit anientiz par atteinte ou par errour fi errour y ad come il ad efte ufez par la loie en temps des progenitours noftre dit Seignur le Roy.

. XXI. on the Roll.

C A P. XXIV.

Aulnage or Cloths may be let to Ftrm by Improvement.

?iV> c	T TEM come nadgairs en temps du Roy Richar.d fecond ordeinez eftoit par eftatut qc launage des draPs

Dyer 303'	* parmy le Roialtr.e ne ferroit mys a ferine a grant damage de noftre Seignur le Roy annuelment ordeignez

17R. 2. c. 2. eft Sr aceordez cn dit pariement qe le dit aunage purra tftre commys a ferme ou en emprowement folonc ladvys de Treforer dEngleterre pur le temps efteant & des Barons de Lefcheqer le dit eftatut fait acontraire 31 H. 6. c. 5. n;cnt conteftreant.

C A P. XXV.

The Penalty on

an Hosier offending ngainft the Statute of i 3 R. 2, flat. 1. c. S.

Cro. Jac. 609. 32 H. 8. 41.

So much of this

An Holtler fhall not make Horfe-bread. How mtich he may take for Oats.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe leftatut des vitaillcrs Sc hoftilers Si autres vendours des vitaillez fait lan trefzifme du dit Roy Richard foit tenuz & gardez Sc mys en due execution. Et ft afeun hoftiler face a contrair & ce duement provee encourge mefme loftiler de temps en temps la peine de la treble value del payn fait par luy en fon hoftell ou aillours a contrair du dit eftatut. Et auxi encourge mefme loftiler la quatreble value de ceo qil avera pris outre un mail de chefcun bufell des aveyns outre la commune pris en marchec et ceo fibicn a feute de Roy come de partie.

Statute as concerns the Execution of the Part of the Stat. of 13 R. 2. flat. 1. c. 8. relating to Horfe-bread., is repealed by 21 Jac. j. c. 21. Sc c. 28.

CAP. XXVI.

EngUJhmen fhall not be convidt by Wefomen in Wales.

Rep. 21 jac. 1. 1" TEM ordeignez eft Si eftabliz qe nul Englois liege a noftre Seignur leRoy foit convidt par aucun Galois JL deinz franchife ou dehors en aucun countee hundred ou courte deinz la terre de Gales dequelconqe chofe fmon par Engloifes & del profehein vifnee Si gentz de bone fame Si nient procurez. Ne qe les burgoifes Engloifes qont efpoufez femmes Galoifes aient franchifes ovcfqe les burgeoifes Engloifes.

CAP. XXVII.

There fhall be no Wallers, Vagabonds, &c. in Wales.

Altered 2S II. 3. c. 6. 27 H. S. 2. 26,

Rep. 21 Jac,

J.c, z2.

ITEM pur efehuir plufeurs difeafes & mefehiefs qont advenuz devaunt ces heures en la terre de Gales par plufeurs weftours ryrnours miniftralx Si autres vacabondes ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul weftour rymour miniftrall ne vacabond foit aucunement fuftenuz en la terre de Gales pur faire kymorthas ou coillage fur la commune poeple illocqcs.

CAP. XXVIII.

There fhall be no Congregations in Wales.

ITEM ordeignez eft Si eftabliz qe nuls commauvaes ou congregations foient faitz ou foeffertz eftre faitz par les Galoifes en aucune partie de Gales pur aucuns confeilx ou purpofes faire ou prendre fil ne foit pur evidente caufe & neceftaire Sc par licence de les chiefs officers Si miniftres del Seignorie celle parties ou tiele chofe fe ferra & en prefence de mefme ies officers & miniftres fur peine demprifonement & de faire fyn Si ranccon a la voluntee du Roy.

A. D. 14.02.	Anno	quarto	Henrici	IV. Cap. 29—35.	455

c A P. XXIX.

Weljhmen fhall not be armed.

Ex Rot. hi Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordeignez eft St eftabliz qe deforenavaunt nul homme Galois foit armee ne porte armure defen- Altered 26 H.

Able as villes marchecs efglifes ne congregations nen ycelles nen les hautes chenryns en aft’raie du paix ou 8. c. 6. des liges noftre Seignur le Roy fur peine demprifonement St de faire fyn Sc ranceon a la volunteedu Roy2? H- 2,c'2x forfpris ceux qi font loialx liges a inefme noftre Seignur le Roy.

CAP. XXX.

No Visual or Armour fhall be carried into Wales.

ITEM ordeignez eft Si eftabliz qe nul homme En lois ne Galois de quel eftat ou condition qii ReP- Re. *• foit envoie nainefne par colour de inarchamiife ou autre voie aucun vitail ou armure as quielconqes c'28, parties de Gales fanz efpeciale congie de noftre Seignur le Roy ou de fon confcil fil ne foit pur leftufF St eftore des chaftelx St villes Engloifes fur peine de forfaiture dicelles vitail Sc armure, Et qen chefcune partie de la marche de Gales & villes marchecs foient coneftables eftuz pur enquer fercher Sc arefter toutz tielx vi ailles Sc armures St aient mefmes les coneftables pur leur travail la fifnte partie des tielx forfaitures enfi par eux trovez.

c a p. xxxr.

A Weljhman fhall not have any Houfe of Defence.

ITEM ordeignez eft St eftabliz qe nul Galois ait chaftel forterefle ne maifon defenfive do-fon propre neRCp. 21 rac. i. dautre a garder autrement qe neftoit ufez en temps le Roy Edward Conquerour de Gales fur peine dec, 28.

I forffaiture dicelles leftat Devefqe St autres Seignurs temporelx come pur leur corps propres tantfoulement excc-ptz.

CAP. XXXII.

No Weljhman fhall be an Officer.

ITEM ordeignez eft St eftabliz qe nul homme Galois foit fait juftice chamberleyn chanceller treforer.vif- Rep,, t rac_ t cont fcnefchall coneftablc du chaftell reccivour efehetour coroner ne chief forefter pautre officer quiel-c. 28. conqe ne gardein de recordes ne lieutenant cn nul des ditz offices en nullie partie de Gales ne de confeil daucun Seignur Englois non obftante aucune patentc faite a contraire cum claufula non obftante licet Wal-licus natus forfpris les Evefqes en Gales St de ceux St des autres queux le Roi noftre Seignur ad trovez fes bons St loialx lieges il voet eftre advifez par fon confeil.

CAP. XXXIII.

Caftles and walled Towns in Wales fhall be kept by Englijhmen.

IT B M pur le plus fufficiente garde de la terre de Gales St au fyn qe homme purra avoir la meilloure Rep. *1 Jac. r.

conuflance de les conditions du poeple dicelle ordeignez eft St eftabliz qe les garnifons des chaftelx Stc*28* des villes murrez illoeqes foient purveuz St eftuffez fufficientment des vaillantz perfones Engloifes eftranges a les Seignoriet ou les ditz chaftelx St villes font affiz St nemye de nul mixt homme des ditz parties St Seignories en Gales ou la n.arche dicelle tanqe la dite terre de Gales foit autrement juftifiez St appeifez pur temps advenir.

CAP. XXXIV.

No Englijh Man that marrieth a Weljh Woman fhall be in any Office in Wales.,

TTEM ordeignez eft St eftabliz qe nul homme Englois mariez a aucun Galois del amiftee ou aliance deRep. 21 j1£vla Owen ap Glendourdy traitour a noftre Seignur le Roy ou a autre femme Galoife puis la rebellion du dit c. 28.

Owen ou en temps advenir fni ferra marier a afeune femme Galoife foit mys en aucun office en Gales.ou en. la marche dicelle.

CAP. XXXV.

Shoemakers and Cordwainers may tan Leather, notwithfbnding the Statute of 13 Rich. i.

Stat. 2. c. 12.

ITEM come en leftatut fait lan trefzifme le Roy Richard fecond entre autres chofes ordeignez eftoit EXP.

qe nul fuour ne cordewaner deuft ufer le miftier de tanner et qe celui qi fift a contraire forsferroit toutz Rep. 5 el c. Its quirs iffint tannez St toutes les botes iffint overez St outre ce reint a la volentee du Roy. Et porce qe & 1 J»:. 1. c. . noftre dit Seignur le Roy ad entenduz qe grant damage St defeeit y ad par colour du dit eftatut diverfement22'

comp

456 Gap. r, 2.	Anno	quinto	Henrici	IV.	A. D. 1403.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

come par la petition des communes a-luy baillez en dit parlement y purra apparoir mefme noftre Seignur le Roy de laffent & advys des ditz Seignurs & al prier de mefmes les communes voet Sc ad ordeignez qe les fuours & cordewaners puiffent tanner quirs come ils cnt ufez en temps paffe non cbftant acun eftatut Fait a contraire parifiint qe les quirs qi ferront tannez enapres fitien par les tanners come par les fuours & corde-rvaners fuifditz foient affaiez & fignez ove un figne de ferre a ce afligner par les mair ou bailliFs coneftables 011 chief gardeiri de la ville ou tielx quirs ferront overez ou par aucun leur depute a ce faire par fon ferement devant qe tielx quirs foient venduz ou rr.ys a vent ou mys a aucun overaigne. Et fi aucuns quirs foient vcnduz ou mys a vent ou mys a aucun overaigne encontre la forme fuifdite qiis foient forsfaitz au Roy Et qe cert eftatut fcit mys en affais & tiegne lieu tanqa profchein parlement.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, A

Dom. j

“ H ' O R to remedy and redrefs divers Mifchiefs, “ mH Damages, and Grievances, {hewed to our “ JL Lord the King in his Parliament holden at “ IVcJimirjler the Morrow after St. Hillary, the fifth “ Year of his Reign ; the fame our Lord the King, by “ the Advice and Afient of his Lords Spiritual and “ Temporal, and at the Requeft of his Commons of “ his Realm of England, come to the fame Parliament, “ hath ordained and ftablifhed divers Statutes and Or-“ dinances in the Form as followeth.”

nno 5 H e n. IV. and Anno 4°3-

Ex Ret. in Turr, Lond. m. 14.

'' U P. remedier & recoeverir pleufeurs mef-

F chiefs damages & grevances monftrez a noftre foveraigne Seignur le Roy en fon parlement tenuz a Weltm’ lendemaigne de feint Hiller lan de fon regne quint mefme noftre Seignur le Roi de ladvis & afient des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx Si a la requeft des communes de fon Roialme dEngleterre venuz a dit parlement ad ordeignez & eftabliz diverfes eftatutz & ordinances en la fourme qenfeute.

CAP. I.

Lands affigned to certain Traitors to the Ufe of others Ihall not be forfeited to the King.

EXP.	TjRimerement	qe	nul	des	manoirs	terres	ou	tenementz	des	queux	monfieur Henry Percy ou monfieur

Er.fc.rcedby 7 H. JL Thomas Percy Cont de Wyrceftre ou autres traitours qi feurent al batail de Shrovelbury encontre noftre 4- c- 5’	Seignur le Roy & lour ligeance eftoient feifiz ou aucun de eux eftoit feifi joint ovefqe autres ou foulement

par eux mefmes del feoffement des autres a autri ocps ou pur la grande affiance qe gentz qi eux enfeofferont avoient a eux de faire Sc parfournir lour volente & dont ils ne feurent enfeoffez deftre enheritez mais de parfournir la volente de lour feoffour ne nulle parcelle dicelles manoirs terres ou tenementz combien qe tielx feoffementz foient faitz par fyn ou autrement fanz monftrer fait provant la condition foient ou foit aucuncment forfaitz a noftre dit Seignur lc Roi Et fi aucuns douns ou grantes foient faitz par noftre dit Seignur le Roi des ditz raa oirs terres ou tenementz ou aueune parcelle dicelles a ferme ou autrement qe tielx douns Si grantes foient de tout voides & de nul value a toutz jours. Et qe noftre dit Seignur le Roy ait la forfaiture des terres Sc tenementz des ditz monfieur Henry & monfieur Thomas &de les autres traitures luifditz des queux ils ou aucun de eux feurent ou feuft par eux mefmes ou feveralment enheritables ou enlie-ritable par d Rent ou par droit purchace ou des queux autres feurent enfeoffez joint ovefqe eux ou autres foulement a leur oeps par fyn ou en autre mancre quelconqe.

CAP. II.

The Penalty of him which procureth Pardon for an Approver that committed! Feiony again.

c< T TEM, Eccaufe that diyers common and noto-“ L rious felons be indi&cd of divers Felonies, Mur-“ ders, and Rapes in divers Countries, and upon the <e fame, as well before the King’s Juftices, as before “ the King himfelf, arraigned of the fame Felonies, “ and for Safeguard of their Lives they become “ Provcrs, to fuch Intent, that in the mean Time by “ llrokage, Grants, and Gifts to be made to divers “ Perfons to purfue and have their Charters, and then “ after their Deliverance they b:come more uoto.ious “ Felons than they were before‘ (2) it is ordained ‘ and ftabliflied, That if any Perfon, of v/hat Eftate * or Condition that he be, Man or Woman, pray or

ITEM porce qe plufeurs communes & notoirs larons font enditez des diverfes felonies mur-dres & rapes es diverfes paiis & fur yeelles auxibien devant les Juftices noftre Seignur le Roy come devant le Roy mifmts &C arettez de.s mefmes les felonies & pur falvation de lour vies ils devcignent provours a tiel entent qen le mefne temps par bro-i cage Si grauntz douns faire as diverfes gentz de • purfuir Si avoir lour chartres & puis apres lour deliverance ils devcignent plus fortz notoirs larons qils nc feurent pardevant ordeignez eft & eftabliz j qe fi ucune perlone de quel eftat ou condition qil I foit homme ou femme pric ou purfuie ou face jirier

ou

3

4^

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. oa purfuir defore enavant pur afcun del laron iflint atteint par fon coniffance demefne pur aucune chartre de pardon avoir qe le noun de celuy ou cele qi purfuie tiel chartre foit mys en mefme la chartre faifant mention qe mefme la chartre eft grante a fon inftance et ft celuy a qi tiel chartre eft grante apres fa deliverance devient laron qe celuy qenfi purfua pur fa chartre encourge la peyne de cent liveres a lever al oeps noftre dit Seiguur le Roy.

‘ purfue, or caufe to :be prayed or purfued from -hence-‘ forth, for any fuch Felon fo attainted by his own

*	Confeffion, to have any Charter of Pardon, that the ‘ Name of him or her that purfueth fuch Charter be

*	put in the fame Charter, making mention, that the ‘ fame Charter is granted at his or her Inftance} (3)

*	and if he to whom fuch Charter is granted, after his ‘ Deliverance becometh a Felon again, t-hat the fame

Perfon which did fo purfue for his Charter, fhall. ‘ incur the Pain of an Cl. to be levied to the'King’s « life.*

C A P. III.

Watehes fhall be made upon the Coafts as they were wont to be.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les agaites affaires fur le coft du mier par tout le Roialme foient faitz par nombre des gentz es lieux & en fourme & manere come ils foleient eftr.e faitz en temps paffe & qen ce cas leftatut de Wynceftre foit tenuz & gardez & qen les commiflions de la

5aix defore affaires foit mys ceft article Et qe les uftices de la paix aient poair dent faire inquifition en lour felfion de temps en temps & de punir ceux qi font trovez en defaut folonc le tenure du dit eftatut.

*	T T EM it is ordained and ftablifhed, That the 13 Ed. 1. flat 1.

*	1 Watch to be made upon the Sea Coaft through the.C' 4- AM—. s

* Realm (hall be made by the Number of the People,^- 3- '• 14-‘ in the Places and in Manner and Form, as they t0, • zai‘

‘ were wont to be made in Times paft, and tnat in the

‘ fame Cafe the Statute of fVtnchejhr be obferved and ‘ kept; (2) and that in the Commiflions of the Peace ‘ hereafter to be made this Article he put in, That the ‘ Jufticesof Peace have Povyer thereof to make Inquiry c in their Seflions from Time to Time, and to punifh ‘ them which be found in Default after the Tenor of ‘ the faid Statute,’

C A P. IV.

It fhall be Felony to ufe the Craft of Multiplication of Gold or Silver.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nully deforenavant ufe de multiplier or ou argent ne ufe le art deRrp. by , w. multiplication Et ft null le face & de ceo foit atteint qil encourge la peyne de felonie eh ce cas.	&	M.	ft.	1.	c.30.

C A P. V.

It fhall be Felony to cut out the Tongue, or pull out the Eyes of the King’s liege People.

ITEM porce qe pleufeurs malfaifours de jour en autre batent naufrent emprifoncnt & mahey-fnent plufeurs des liges noftre Seignur le Roy et puis de purpos coupent lour langes ou ouftent lour oils ordeignez eft & eftablez qen tiel cas'les malfaifours qenii couperont les langes ou oufteront-les oils daucuns des liges noftre dit Seignur le Roi & ceo duement trovez & provez qe tiel fait fuift fait de malice purpenfe encdurgent la peine de felonie.

“ TTEM, Becaufe that many Offenders do dailyicciyng 6j.

“ JL beat, wound, imprifon, and maim divers of the “ King’s liege People, and after purpofely cut their “ Tongues, or put out their Eyes‘ (2) it is or-

*	dained and ftablifhed, That in fuch Cafe the Offen-

* ders that fo cut Tongues, or put out ;the Eyes offy &2 3 C.’.r. ‘ any the King’s liege People, and that .duly proved V-V1- ’”al'rout ‘ and found, that fuch Dee 1 was done of Malice pre- f-^rymkUut ‘

‘ penfed, they fhall incur the Pain of Felony.’	Bereft of clergy.

CAP. VI.

The Penalty for making an Aflauk upon any Servant of any Knight in Parliament.

ITEM porce qe Richard Cheddre efquier qi feuft yenuz a ceft prefent parlement ovefqe Thomas Brook chivaler un des chivalers efluz a mefme le parlement pur le.countee de Somerf’ & meynal ov.e le dit Thomas feuft horriblement batuz naufrez emblemiz & maheymiz par Johan Salage autrement appellez Johan Savage ordeignez eft Si eftabliz qe par tant qe le dit horrible fait feuft fait deinz le temps du dit parlement qe proclamation foit fait la ou mefme le horrible fait fe fill qe le dit Johan appierge & foy rende en bank le Roy deinz tin quarter dun an apres la proclamation faite & fil VoL. I.

11 T T E M, BeCaufe that Richard Chcdder Efquire, EferceJiy tr “ 1 which was come to this Parliament with Thomas6> *• “• ‘‘ Broke Knight, one of the Knights chofen to.the fame “ Parliament for the County of Somerf et, and menial ‘‘ Servant .with the faid Thomas, .was horribly beaten,

“ wounded, blemilhed, and maimed by one John Sd--- iage, otherwife called John Savage (2) ‘ it is or-* dained and ftablifhed, That feeing the fame horrible ‘ Deed was done .within, the Time of the faid Parlia-‘ ment, that Proclamation be made where .the fame £ horrible Deed was done, That the faid John appear ‘ and yield him in the King’s Bench within a Quarter Nnn	of

G. 7, 8.	-Anno	quinto	Henrici	IV.	A.	D.	1403.

4 ;6f a Year after the Proclamation made ; (3)"arid if he ‘ do not, the fame 'John fhall be attainted of the faid 4 Deed, and pay to the Party grieved his double Da-4 mages, to be taxed by the Difcretion of the Judges * of the faid Bench for the time being, or by Inquelt, 4 if'Need be,. (4) arid all'o he fliall make Fine and ‘ Ranfom at the King’s Will. (5) Moreover it is ac-4 corded in the- fame Parliament, that likewife it be *• done in time to come in like Cafe.'

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ne Ie face foit mefme celuy Johan atteint de la fait fuifdit & paie au partie endamagee fes damages a double a taxer par difcretion des Juges du ditBank pur le temps efteantz ou par enqueft fil embofoigne & face fyn & ranceon a la volente du Roy. Et outre ce accordez eft en dit parlement qe fembla-blement foit fait en temps avenir en cas fem-blable.

CAP. VII.

Merchant Strangers fhall be ufed in this Realm, as Denizens be in others.

• YTEM, it is ordained: and- eftablifhed, that all the 4 JL Merchants Strangers, of what Eftate or Condi-4 tion that they be, coming, dwelling, or repairing 9 H. j. Sat. 1. < within the Realm of England, fhall be entreated or' C M Sat 1 4 demeaned within the fame Realm in the Manner, e ' 3‘	11,4	Form, and Condition, as the Merchants Denizens'

2	5F.d. 3, Sat. 4.4: be,, or fliall be entreated or demeaned in the Parts' c-	‘	beyond the Sea, (2) upon Pain to forfeit to the King

2 R. 2. Sat. 1. < a]j t|le Goods and Chatties of fuch Merchants i ’iR. 2. c. 7	4	Strangers, (3) and upon Pain of Imprifonment of

Confirmed by 4H.4 the Bodies of fuch Merchants Strangers.’

5. c. 5. But fit 16 R. 2. c. 2. 5 II. 4.. c. 9. 6 II. 4. c. 4. which put Merchant Strangers Adventurers,

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe toutz les marchantz aliens de quell eftat ou condition qils foient venantz demurrantz ou repairantz deinz le Roialme dEngleterre foient traitez & demefnez deinz mefme le Roialme en manere forme & condition come les marchantz deinzeins font ou ferront traitez & demefnez es parties depar delea fur peine de forsfaire au Roi toutz les biens & chateux des ditz marchantz aliens & fur peine demprifonement des corps de mefmes les marchantz aliens.

under feme ReflriEliom. See likewife 12 H. j, c. 6, concerning Merchant

CAP. VIII.

In what Cafc3 the Defendant may he allowed to wage his Law, or plead to an Inqueft.

Dyer, f. 745,

' 1

Rcriw, 82-b.

“ ITEM, To efehew divers Mifchiefs which have “■ 1 been and be from Day to Day, as well within the 44 City of London, as within • other Cities and other 44 Places within the Rerim of England, (2) for that 44 divers feigned Suits of Debt have been taken, as well 44 by the People of the faid Cities as of other Places, 44 again!!: divers People, furmifing to them by their 44 faid Suit, that they had made Accompt before Au-44 ditors afiigned, of divers Receipts, Duties, and Con-44 trails had betwixt them, and that they were found 54 in Arrearages upon the fame Accompt in divers 44 great Sums, (3) fuggefting by the fame Suits lome-44 time their Apprentices, and fometime other of their 44 Servants, to be the Auditors, where there was never 44 Receipt nor Duty betwixt fuch Parties, and where 44 the faid Apprentices nor Servants did any Thing 44 know of fuch Accompt, to the Intent to caufe them, 44 again!! whom fuch Suits were taken, to put them in 44 Inqueft in the fame Suits, and to put them from the 44 waging of their Law in fuch Cafe ; (4) by Reafon 44 whereof, by fuch favourable Inquefts taken there-44 upon of the Neighbours of thofe which have profe-44 cuted fuch Suits, divers have been condemned in 44 great Sums, to the great impoverifliirig and undoing 44 of them 4 (5) It is ordained and ftablifhed, That 4- the Juftices in the King’s Courts, and other Judges,

4 before whom fuch Suits and Actions in all fuch Cafes 4 in Cities and Boroughs fhall be fued and taken, fhall 4 have Power to examine the Attorneys, and others 4 whom pleafe them, and thereupon to receive the De-4 fendants to their Law, of to try the fame by Inqueft,

4 after the Difcretion of the -Juftices and Judges 4 aforefaid,’	s.	■	■

ITEM pur efehuer diverfes mefehiefs queux ount eftez & font de jour en autre fibien deinz la Citee de Londres come deinz autres Citees & aillours deinz le Roialme dEngleterre de ceo qe diverfes feyntes fuytes de dette ount efte prifes fibien par gentz des ditz citees come de aillours devers plufours gentz furmettantz a eux par lour fuite qils duiftent avoir accomptez devaunt auditours affignez de diverfes refeeites duetees & contraclz parentre eux eues & qils feurent trovez en arrerages fur mefme lacoropt en diverfes grandes fommes furmettantz par mefmes les fuites afeun foitz lour apprentices &c aucun foitz autres de lour fervantz-eftre les auditours. la ou il navoit unqes aucun refeeit ne duetee parentre tielx parties & la ou les ditz apprentices ne’ fervantz riens ne favoient de tiel accompt al entent par faire eux devers queux tielx fuites furont prifes de eux mettre en. enquefte cn mefmes les fuytes & de eux ouftier de la gagier de lour ley en tiel cas par ont pleufeurs par tieux favourables enqueftes fur ceo prifes de les veifyns de ceux qi ount prifes tielx fuites ount efte condempnez en plufours graundes fommes en. grauntarreriflement & deftrudtion de eux ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les Juftices en les courtes du Roy & autres Juges devant queux tielx fuites &. adlions ferront en toutz tieux cafes en citees & burghs & prifes & fuiz eient poair dexaminer les attournees. & autres queux lour fembleraet fur ceo de receiver les defendantz a lour loie ou de le trier par enquefte felonc les diferetions des Juftices & Juges av;tunt-ditz,

C A. R.

Anno -quinto H e n r i c i fIV.

C.9—ii. 459

C ,A P. -IX.. — ... ...................................

Merchants Aliens fhalJ imploy their Monies upon the:Cornmodities of this Realm.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

‘s TTEM, For the better keeping of Gold andIn P;lrt TCreal~<1 J. Silver within the Realm of England, and for the^^	4'

“ Increafe of the Commodities, of the faid Realm,1'^,^^^'7'

‘ (2) it is ordained and eftablifhed, .That the Statutes h. 6. c. 3. ; -‘ thereof made at the laft Parliament, (hall be conti- Siuatifed by 4 E. e nu^d and kept, and put in due Execution; (3)4>c-6-‘ joyned to the fame., That the Cuftomers and Con- ‘

ITEM pur meultz garder or & argent deinz le Roialme dEngleterre Sc pur lencrece de les com-moditees du dit Roialme ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les eftatutz ent faitz au darrein parlement foient' tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution ajouftant a ycelles qe les cuftumers Sc countrerollours noftre Seignur le Roi es toutz les portz dEngleterre preig-nent fufficiente feurte pur toutz . maners de mer-chandifes amefnez par les marchantz aliens Sc eftranges venantz Sc repairantz es ditz portz au fyn qe la monoie prife pur les ditz merchandifes ferra emploiez fur les commoditees du Roialme fauvant lour cuftages raifonables come en le dit eftatut eft contenuz plus' au plein'. Et outre ceo ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe les ditz, marchantz aliens & eftraunges vendent lour ditz merchandifes enfy apportez deinz le dit Roialme deinz uri quartere dun an prochein apres leur venue en ycell et auxi qe la monoie qe ferra deliverez par efehaunge en Engletefre foit emploiez fur commoditees de mefme le Roialme deinz icell Roialme fur peyne de forfeiture dicelle monoie. Et qe null marchant alien neftrange vende null manere de merchandifes a autre marchant alien ou eftrange fur peyne de for-faiture de mefme la marchandife. Et auxi ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qen chefcun citee ville Sc port du meer dEngleterre ou les ditz marchantz aliens Sc eftranges font ou ferront repairantz foient affig-nez a mefmes les marchantz fufficiantz hoftes par le maires vifeontz ou baillifs de ditz citees villes Sc portz du meer et qe les ditz marchantz aliens & eftranges ne foient demurrantz en autre lieu finon ovefqe les ditz hoftes enfy a affigners et.qe mefmes les hoftes enli affigners preignent pur lour travaill en manere come feuft accuftumez temps. ■■ '•*

en auncien

Farther ir.forad

trailers of our Lord the King, in all the Ports of^H^ 7. ct 8.

* England,' ftiall' tike- fufficient-Sureties for all Manner•zvhkblaflv.cn-£c&f Merchandifes brought by the Merchants Aliens,;<,M‘/ Statute!

‘ and Strangers, coming and repairing to the faidZa YealTt^oEd ‘ Ports, to the Intent that the Money taken for the,;. y ‘ faid Merchandife fhall be .imployed upon the Com-£ modifies of,the Realm, faving their reafonable Cofts,

‘ as: in the fame Statute more fully is contained. (4) Wuhin what ‘ And moreover it is ordained and eftablifhed, that the A'erf.h^”ts ‘ faid Merchants Aliens and Strangers fhall fell theirtheirMwchan-‘ faid Merchandifes fo brought within the faid Realm,dii'e.

‘ within a Quarter of a Year next after their coming ‘ into the fame ; and alfo that the Money, which fhall ‘ be delivered by Exchange in England, be imployed c .upon, the Commodities of the Realm, within the ‘ fame Realm, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame ‘ Money. (5) And that no Merchant Alien nor°n« Alien null ‘ Stranger fell any Manner of Merchandife to any J1’n0 Merchan-‘ other Merchant Alien or Stranger, upon Pain of^e^ano ,cr £ Forfeiture of the fame Merchandife. (6) And alfo jx h. 6. c. 4. c it is .ordained and eftablifhed. That in every City,Hofts/hall be ‘ Town, and Port of the Sea in England, where the ®PP0I”ted.t0 ‘ faid Merchants Aliens or Strangers be, or fhall be^^"15 ‘ repairing, fufficient Hofts fhall . be affigned to the ‘ fame Merchants, by the Mayor, Sheriffs, or Bailiffs ‘ of the faid Cities,-Towns, and Ports of the Sea;

‘ (7) and that the faid Merchants Aliens and Strangers ‘ mail dwell in no other Place,, but with their .faid c Hofts fo to be affigned ; and that the fame Hofts, fo c to be afligned, fhall take for their Travel in the4H. 5. c. 5.

‘ Manner as was accuftomed in old Time.’	4	4-	c-	6«

C A P. X.

Juftices of Peace flrall imprifon none but in the common Gaol.

T E M pur ceo qe diverfes coneftables des chaftelx deinz le Roialme dEngletere font af-figncz par commiffions noftre Seignur le Roi juftices de la pees & par colour des ditz commiffions preignent gentz as queux ils font malve-ullantz & les emprifonont deinz ks ditz chaftelx

ails eient fait fyn & raunceon ove les ditz cone-es pur lour deliverance avoir ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nully foit emprifonez par afeuns juftices de la pees finon en commune gaole favant as Seig-nu’rs Sc autres qont gaoles lour franchifes en ce cas.

C A

The Fermors of Aliens fhall pay their

ITEM ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe les fermours & occupiours quielconqes des manoirs terres tenementz Sc autres poffeffions des aliens paient Sc foient tenuz de paier toutz maners des difmes ent dues as parfons .Sc vicairs de feinte clglife es

“ TTEM, Becaufe that divers Conftables of Caftles9 Co. it?.

“ X within the Realm of England be affigned to beCro’ *29* “ Juftices of Peace by Commiffion of our Lord the “ King, and by Colour of the faid Commiffions they “ take People, to whom they bear Evil Will, and £c imprifon them within the faid Caftles, till they have “ made Fine and Ranfom with the faid Conftables for “ their Deliverance;” c (2) it is ordained a'nd'eftar 1 blifhed, That none be imprifoned by any Juftice of ‘ the Peace, but only in the common Gaol ; faving to ‘ Lords and other (which have Gaols) their Franchife ‘ in this. Cafe.’

P. XI.

Tithes to the Parfon of the fame Parifhes.

‘ TTE M, It is ordained and eftablifhed, That the ‘ J- Fermors, and all Manner of Occunieis of the ‘ Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Poffeffions of ‘ Aliens, (hall pay and be bound to pay, all Manner ‘ of Difmes thereof due to Parfons and Vicars of holy Nnn 2	.-	«.	...	5	Church',

460 C. 12----14.

Anno quinto H

Regift. 179 b,

Church, in whofe Parities the fame Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Poffeffiofts be fo affefled and due, as the Law of holy Church requircth, notwithftand-ing that the laid Manors, Lands, Tenements, or other Pofleffions be feized into the King’s Hands, or notwithftanding any Prohibition made or to be made to the contrary.’

e n r i c I IV. A. D. 1403.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. quelx parodies mefmes les manoirs terres tene-mentz ou poffeflions font iflint afliz & dues come la loye de feinte efglife demande nient contrefteant qe lesditz manoirs terres £en£mentz: ou autres pof-ieffioris font feiliz es mayns noftre dit Scignur le Roy &' non obftante aucune prohibition faite ou affaire a contraire.

CAP. XII.

Execution may be awarded upon a Statute once fhewed in Court.

|TEM, It is ordained and eftablifhcd, That when any Statute Merchant is certified into the Chancery, and thereupon a Writ awarded to the Sheriff, and returned into the Common Place, and the Statute there once fhewed, that howl’oever the Procefs after the fame (hewing be difcontinued, that at what Time the Party fueth to have the Procefs reeon-tinued, add to have Execution of the Statute Merchant aforefaid; that the Juftices of the Bench, where the Statute was once fhewed, may upon the fame Record make and award full Execution of the Statute Merchant aforefaid, without having the Sight or fhewing thereof another Time after ; (2) and that this Statute hold Place of all Statutes Merchant, not fully executed at this Time.’

ITEM ordeignez ell & eftabliz qe qaunt afcun eftatut marchant foit certifie en la Chauncellarie & fur ceo brief agarde al vifcont & retourne en le commune bank & leftatut illoeqes un foitz monllre qe combien qe le proceffe apres celle demonftrance foit difcontinue qa quele heure qe la partie fue de recontinuer le procelfe Sc davoir execution del efta-tut marchant qe les Juftices <fel bank en quel lefta-tut feuft un foitz monftrez puiffent fur Celle record faire & agarder.plein execution del eftatut marchant avauntdit fanz avoir de ceo autrefoitz vieu ou de-monftrance enapres et qe ceft eftatut tiegne lieu de toutz eftatutz marchantz a cell foitz nient pleine-ment executz.

C AP. XIII.

What Things may be gilded arid laid on with Silver or Gold,, and what not.

<< :

<<

ITEM, Whereas many fraudulent Artificers, imagining to deceive the common People, do daily make Locks, Rings, Beads, Candlefticks, it' Harnefs for Girdles, Hilts, Chalices, and Sword-poinds, Powder-boxes, and Covers for Cups, of Copper and of Latten, an i .the fame overgilt and filver like to Gold or Silver, and the fame Jell and pat in Gage to many Men, not' having full Know-“ ledge thereof, for whole Gold and whole Silver, to “ the great Deceit, Lofs, and Hinderance of the com-“ mon People, andthe Wafting of Gold arid Silver Enforced ty ?, H. ‘ (2) it is ordained and eftablifhed. That no Artificer,

5.	c. 3. with ad-1 nor other Man whatfoever he be, from henceforth dicionalPenally. ‘ fhall gilt nor fijver any fuch Locks, Rings, Beads, ‘ Candlefticks, Harnefs for Girdles, Chalices, Hilts, ‘ nor Poifiels of Swords, PoWder-boxes j nor Covers * for Cups, made of Copper or Latten, upon Pain to * forfeit to the KingCs. at every Time, that he fha}] ‘ be found guilty, and to make Satisfaction to the * Party grieved for his Damages; (3) but that (Chalices * always' excepted) the faid Artificers may work,- or * Caufe to be wrought, Ornaments for -the Church of ‘ Copper and Latten, and the .fame gilt or filver, fo ‘ that always in the Foot, or in fome other Part of 4 every fuch Ornament fo to be made, the Copper and ‘ the Latten fhall be’ plain, to the Intent that a Man * may fee whereof the Thing is made, for to efehew ‘ the Deceit aforefaid.’

ITEM por ce qe pleufeurs defloialx artificers.

ymaginantz a deceiver le commune poeple font de jour en autre firmalx anelx bedes chandelers gipferrynges chalices hikes & pomelx defpeies pou-der-boxes lienes & burfels pur hanapes de cupre & de laton & les fuiforront & fuifargentent femblables a or & argent & les.vendent.& mettent a gage as plufours hommes nient eiantz pleine coniffance de ce pur or entier & argent entier a grant deceit perde & arreriffement de commune poeple & ani-entiffement & deftruction dor & dargent ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul artificer nautre homme qec'onqe defore enavant fuiforre ne fuifargente nulles tielx firmalx anelx bedes chandelers gipferrynges chalices hikes ne pomelx des efpeies pouder-boxes lienes ne burfels pur hanapes faitz de cupre ou de laton fur peine de forfaire au Roy C s. a chefeun foitz qil ferra trovez coupable & de faire gree a partie pur fes damages Mais qe chalices touteditz exceptz les ditz artificers purBont faire & overer ornamentz de Seinte efglife de cupre & de latofi & les fuiforrer Si fuifargenter parainfi toutes-foitz qen la pie ou en autre partie de chefcun ornament enfi affaire foit la cupre ou laton plain a fyn qe homme purra veier dont la chofe eft faite pur efehuir la deceit avauntdke.

CAP. XIV.

Inrolling of Writs in the common Place whereupon Fines be levied.

“ T T EM, Whereas many Feet of Fines of Lands “ A and Tenements within the Realm of England “ remaining in the King’s Trcafury, and the Notes of “ fuch Fines remaining in the common Bench, have

ITEM por ce qe plufeurs pies des fins des terres & tenementz deinz le Roialme dEngleterre de-murrantz en le trefore noftre Seignur le Roi & les notes de tielx fyns demurantz en le commune Bank

aient

A. D, 1403.	Anno	quinto

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. aient efte devant ces heures enbefilez Sc autres pies St notes de' fyns fauxcrnent con(reovez & mys en lour licux par deceit Sc commettement daucuns par ont plcufours des gentz de Roialme ont efte gran-deraent endamages avant ces heures .Sc purront eftre difheritez eh' temp's advenir ordeighez eft Sc eftablez qe toutz les briefs de covenant St toutz autres briefs fur queux fyns ferront levez en temps avenir ovefqe les briefs de dedimus poteftatem fi iueiiiis y foierit oVe tou'tZ les coririfances Sc notes dicelles avant ce qils foient tfeihez hors de commune bank par le cirograffer foient enrollez en un rolle deftre ae recorde pur toutz jours a demurrer fell la faufe garde du chief clerk du commune Bank & de fez iucceflburs foubz launcieri fee de vingt & deux deniers accuftume a paiers au chief clerk pur ]entree daccorde de chefcun fyn fanz plus outre paier au fyn qe ft les notes en la garde de ci-rografter ou les fyris foierit ertibefilez qe lem avera ffecours riu dit rolle pur erit avoir execution corrie il averdif fi les fyries ne fe'uflent point embefiiez et qe toutz les briefs de covenantz St toutz autres briefs fur queux fyns ont efte levez du terhps pafte fbifent auxi de record et en Outre de toutz' les fyns ufeux font ore tarde embefiiez en le treforie' noftre eignur le Roi par gentz difeonuz qe les notes St briefs de covenantz des ditz fyns embefiiez demu-rantz en le garde de cirograffer fi purront eftre trovez qe a la partie monftrant partie des ditz fyns embefiiez tielx notes St briefs de covenant demo-ergent de recorde fi avant come mefmes ceux fyris eufient efte fi nul ernbifilcment diceux neuft efte faite.

CAP. XV.

The King^s Pardon of the Sait of his Peace, Treafons, Rebellious Trefpafies, &c. with fotne

Exceptions.

TEM noftre Seignur le Roi de fa grace efpeciale paraftent de toutz les Seigriurs efpiritnel.x & tcmporclxE X.P,-St a la requeft des communes en cell prefent parlement efteantz ad pardonez a toutz fez lieges.& fubgies defon Roialme dEngleterre St du paiis de Gales & de les marches dEfcoce la feute de.fa pees qe a luy envers-eux & chefcun dc eux appertient St pur toutz maners detrefons infurredtions rebellions meforifions felonies Sc trefpafies faitz ou perpetrez devant le xiiij. jour de Januar’ qe feuft le primer jour de celt prefent parlement forfpris ceux qe font en prifone ou en garde pur caufe de trefon Sc forfpris murdres Sc rapes des femmes controvours de feal du Roy fefours de fauxe monoie & felons qi font corporelement detenuz en prifon ou lcftez a mainprife ou en bailie & auxint les utlagaries fi nulles en eux, ou aucun de eux foient-pronunciez pur celles enchaifons. Et auxi noftre dit Seignur le Roi ad pardonez a toutz fes lieges Sc fub--gies du Roialme paiis Sc marches fuifditz Sc a chefcune de eux qi font de prefent adliercntz a fez ene-mys ou rebelx qi veullent revenir St obeier a leur ligeance deinz quarant jours apres la proclamation de-ceftes grace Sc pardon faitz la feute de fa pees pur toutz maners de trefons infurredlions rebellions felonies, trefpafies Sc mefprifions faitz ou perpetrez par eux ou afeun de eux avant lour remire ou venue einz a. lour ligeance Et auxint les utlagaries fi nulles en eux ou aucun de eux foient pronunciez pur celles enchaifons. Parainfi qe ceux du pads de Gales fe rendent a noftre dit Seignur le Roy ou a le Prince de Gales ou a Duk dEverwyk ou a lour lieutenantz ou deputez et qe ceux de les marches dEfcoce fe rendent a. noftre dit Seignur le Roy ou a Johan fitz du dit Roy Gardeyn del Eftmarche ou a.Count de Weftmerlandj Garde.yn del VVeftmarche vers Efcoce ou a leur lieutenantz ou deputez. Purveuz toutesfoitz qe William-Serle Thomas Warde de Trumpyngton qi fe pretende St feigne deftre Roy Richard St Am ye Donct-naient nenjoient nul avauntage par caufe de ceftes grace Sc.pardon mes qils foient expreffement exceptz hors, de pardon & grace avauntditz,.

Henrici IV.	C. 15.	461

“ been before this Time imbefilled, and other Feet “ and Notes of Fines falfly counterfeit and fet in their “ Places, by Deceit and Falfhood of feme, whereby “ many People of the Realm have been greatly enda-“ maged before this Time, and may be difherited in “ the Time to come ‘ (2) it is ordained arid efta-‘ bliftied, That- all the Writs of Covenant, and all 1 other Writs whereupon Fines {hall be levied in Time ‘ to come, with the Writs of Dedimus potejiatem, it's Co- 39-c any be, with all Kriowledges and Notes of the fame, -‘ before that they be drawin out of the common Bench ‘ by the Cyrographer, fhall be inrolled in a Roll, to ‘ be of Record forever, to remain in the fafe Cuftody c of the chief Clerk of the common Bench, and of his { SuccefTors, for the old Fee of xxii Pence, accuftomed c to be paid to the chief Clerk, for the entering of the ‘ Concord of every Fine, without paying any more ;

‘ (3) to the Intent that if the Notes in the Cuftody ot*

*	the Cyrographer, or the Fines, be imbefilled, a Man ‘ may have Recourfe 'o the faid Roll to have Execu-1 tion thereof, as he fhould have if the Fines were not 1 imbefilled; (4) and that all the Writs of Covenanty

*	and all other Writs, whereupon Fines hare been-.

{ levied in Times paft, fhall be alfo of Record. (5)

*	And moreover, all the Fines that were now late ■* imbefilled in the Treafury of our Lord the King by.-

*• Perfens unknown, if the. Notes and the fame Writs ‘ of Covenant of fuch Fines imbefilled remaining in,

*	the Cuftody of the Cyrographer may be found, that £ then to the Party (hewing Part of the Fines imbe-‘ filled, fuch Notes and Writs of Covenant fhall re-‘ main of Record as far forth as the fame Fines fhou'dl f1 have been, if no imbefilling thereof had been made.”

Statutes

462- C. 1

n

O

Anno fexto Henrici IV.

A. D. 1404.

Statutes made at Coventry, Anno 6 Hen. IV. and Anno Dom. 1404.

* '.CAP. I.

The Penalty of thofe which pay to the Court of Rome more for the Firft-fruits of any

Biffioprick,' &c. than had wont to be paid.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. io.

©3.	/[pi	UR	la grevoufe compleint faite a noftre Seignur le Roy par fa commune en fon parlement tenuz a

c. to.	Coventre le vjme jour dOdtobr’ lan de fon regne fifme del horrible malveife & dampnable cuftume

&—f qeft entroduce de novell en la cour de Rome qe nulle perfone hable nautre avera provifion daucune Ercevefchie ou Evefchie qe fe voidera jufques a tant ce ele ait compofe ovec la chambre lappoftoil de paier graundes & trop exceffives fommes de monoie tant pur les primers fruitz de celle Ercevefchie ou Evefchie come pur autres meindres fervices en la dite courte et qe mefmes les fommes ou la pluis grande partie dicelles foient paiez devaunt lamayn quelles fommes paffent le treble ou le double au meins de ce qe eftoit acuflume dauncien temps deftre paie a la dite chambre Sc autrement a caufe de tielles provifions par ont grande partie de trefore dc Roialme a efte amefnez & emportez a la dite courte Sc ainfi ferra en temps avenir en trefgrande empoverilTcmcnt de les Ercevefchies Sc Evefchies deinz mefme le Roialme & aillours deinz les Seignories de Roi par dehors fi fur ceo de covenable remede ne foit purveu Noftre dit Seignur le Roi a lonur de Dieu fibien pur efchuer le damage de fon Roialme come les perils des almes de ceux qi deuffent eftre avancez as aucuns Ercevefchies Si Evefchies deinz le Roialme dEngleterre & aillours deinz les Seignories mefme noftre Seignur le Roi par dehors mefme le Roialme de ladvis Sc affent des grauntz de fon Roialme en mefme le par-lement ad ordeinez Sc eftabliz qe ceux Sc chefcun de eux qi paient ou paie a la dite chambre ou autrement pur tielx fruitz & fervices greindres fommes de monoie qe nont efte acuftumez deftre paiez dauncien temps paffez ils Sc chefcun de eux encourgent Sc encourge la peine de forfaiture de quant qils purront forfaire envers mefme noftre Seignur le Roy.

CAP. II.

The Statute of 1 H. 4. c. 6. touching Petitions to be made to the King for Lands, Offices,

fcjV. fhn.Il not extend to the Queen or Princes.

EXP. TTEM come en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan primere noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft entre autre chofes ordeigne fuift & eftabliz qe toutz ceux qi deflors enavaunt demanderoient du Roi terres tenementz rentes offices annuitees ou autres profitz queconqes ferroient expreffe mention en lour petitions de la value de la chofe enfi a demander Sc auxi de ceo qils ount ewe de doun du Roi ou des autres fes progenitours ou pre-deceflours pardevaunt. Et en cas qils ne firent tiele mention en lour ditz petitions Sc ceo duement prove ferroient les lettres patentz de Roy ent faitz nient vaillables ne de null force neffecte mays de tout revokez re-pellez Sc adnullez pur toutz jours ove punifiment de ceux qenft averoient fait tiel defeeit au Roy come ceux qi ne ferroient pas dignes denjoier leffedt Sc benefice des lettres patentes a eux grauntes celle partie. Noftre ait Seignur le Roy de ladvis Si affent fuifdit ad ordeignez Si declarrez en mefme ceft parlement qe la Roigne, ne les fitz du Roi ne nulluy de eux foient contenuz en la dit eftatut ne reftreintz par ycell a demander Sc receiver de doun de Roy terres tenementz Sc autres poffeffions quelconqes eins qils Si chefcun de eux eient Sz enjoient Sc ait Sc enjoie tout ce qils ou aucun de eux ont ou ad de doun ou graunt du Roi au prefent Si qils demanderont ou receiveront ou afeun de eux demandera ou receivera de doun ou graunte de Roi en ternps advenir fanz ent eftre moleftez ou grevez par vertue de leftatut avaundit.

C A P. III.

Commiffions fhall be fent to inquire of the Accompt of Sheriffs, Efcheators, &V.

•t left, 117.

££ TTEM, Whereas divers of the Sheriffs, Efchea-“ jL tors, Aulnegers, Cuftomers, Comptrollers, and “ other the King’s Officers, accomptable in many “ Parts o<f the Realm, do defraud and deceive our faid “ Lord the King yearly in their unlawful and untrue “ Accompt, concealing and receiving to their own ££ Ufe tlie greater Part of that which rightfully ought <£ to pertain to the King, to his great Damage and £* Lots ‘ (2) our faid Lord the King, by the Ad-‘ vice and Aflent aforefaid, hath ordained. That pre-‘ fently after every final Accompt given and made by £ the Officers and Cuftomers aforefaid before the Ba-‘ rons of the Exchequer of our Lord the King, the * Tenour of the Accompt of every of the faid Officers

ITEM por ceo qe pleufours des vifeountz efehe-tours alnyours cuftumers countroilers & autras officers noftre Seignur le Roy acomptablez en pleufours parties del Roialme defraudent & def-ceyvent noftre dit Seignur le Roy annuelement fur lour defloialx Si nient verroies accomptz con-celantz Sc retenantz a lours propres oeps la grein-. dre partie de ceo qe droiturelment apertener de-veroit a noftre Seignur le Roy avaundit a fon tref-graunt damage & perde Noftre dit Seignur le Roy de ladvis & aflent fuifditz ad ordeignez qe m"yn-tenaunt apres chefcun final acompt renduz Sc faitz par les officers & cuftumers avaunditz devaunt les Barons de Iefcheqer noftre dit Seignur le Roi

A. D. 1404.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. le tenure de lacompt de chefcun des ditz officers de mote en mote foitenvoie as countees cn les queux les ditz acomptantz eftoient officers en-femblement ove commiffions diredtz a les plus loialx & difcretes perfones pur enquerrer & certifier de les profitz queux les acomptantz avaunt-ditz ount receuz deinz les countees fuifditz en noun 5t al oeps noftre dit Seignur le Roi par eux en manere avaundit fur lour ditz acomptz a lours propres oeps & profet defceivablement eon-celez & retenuz. Et en cas qe les ditz aeeompt-antz foient atteintz de lour Jit fraudes & defeeites qils eneourgent a noftre dit Seignur le Roi la pevne de la treble de ce dont ils ferront convictz & lour perfones a prifone tanqe ils aient fait fyne & raunceon a noftre Seignur le Roi avaundit fo-lonc la difcretion de fez j uges.

4.

‘ from time to time fhall be fent into the Counties ‘ where the fame Accomptants be Officers, together ‘ with Commiffions directed to the moft lawful and c difcreet Perfons, to inquire and certify the Profits ‘ which the faid Accomptants have received. within ‘ the faid Counties, in the Name and to the Ufe of c our faid Lord the King, by them in the Manner c aforefaid upon their faid Accompts deceitfully eon-c cealed and received to their own proper Ule and ‘ Profit. (3) And in cafe that the faid Accomptants 1 be attainted of their faid Frauds and Deceits, they ‘ fhall incur to our Lord the King the Penalty of the ‘ Treble of the fame whereof they fhall be fo convidt, ‘ and their Bodies to Prifon, until they have made Fine 1 and Ranfom to our faid Lord the King, according to 1 the Difcretion of his Judges.’

Anno fexto Henrici IV.

463

CAP. IV.

Aliens fhall not carry forth of the Realm Merchandifes brought in by Aliens.

ITEM come en le darrein parlement tenuz a | Weftm’ entre autres chofes ordeignez eftoit qe , les merchantz aliens & eftranges venderoient lour merchandifez deinz un quartre dun an profchein apres lour venue en ycelle Roialme Noftre Seignur le Roi veiant la dite ordinance molt damage- . oufe 5t mefchevous fibien pur luy meftnes & fon Roialme come pur les ditz merchantz aliens 5c ef- , ftranges de ladvys &c affent fuifdites ad ordeinez , & eftabliz qe la dite ordinance foit de tout voide & adnullez pur toutz jours ct qe meftnes les merchantz aliens & eftranges foient a lour liberale dif-pofition a vendre leur dites merchandifes en manere come ils feurent devaunt la faifance du dite ordinance Sauvez toutesfoitz les franchifes & libertees de la Citee de Londres. Et purveux auxi toutesfoitz qe les ditz marchantz aliens 5t eftranges namefnent ne faccnt amefner aucunement hors du Roir.lme aucunes merchandifes amefnez deinz mefme le Roialme par les merchantz aliens & eftranges avauntditz.

‘ T T EM, Whereas in the Parliament holden at A Repeal of ft 1 ' JVeJlminfter, amongft other Things it was 01- 'nuchoftheSta-1 dained, That the Merchants Aliens and Strangersc“ ^Jas^oth4 ; fhould fell their Merchandifes within a Quarter of aaijlg'n.Merchants ; Year next after the coming thereof into the Realm;.” Aliens to felt (2) our Lord the King feeing the faid Ordinance¥frcl)an" hurtful and prejudicial, as well for himfelf and his ofa* Realm, as for the faid Merchants Aliens and Stran- Yfjr. gers, by tire Advice and Affent aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablifhed, That the faid Ordinance be utterly void and adnulled for ever; (3) and that the fame Merchants Aliens and Strangers be at their free Difpofition, to fell their Merchandifes in the Manner as they did before the making of the faid Ordinance ; (4) faving always the Franchifes and.

Liberties of the City of London. (5) And further provided always. That the faid Merchants Aliens and Strangers fhall not carry or caufe to be carried out of the Realm, any Merchandifes brought within the Realm by the Merchants Aliens and Strangers-aforefaid.’

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 7 Hen. IV. WAnnoDom. 1405,

Ex Rot., in Turr. Lond. ?n. 12.	.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roi a fon parlement I “ ✓~\UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden tenuz a Weftm’le primere jour de Marce I “ s p at Weji?ninjier the Firft Day of March, the lan de fon regne vijmc de ladvis & affent* ‘c	Seventh Year of his Reign, by the Advice

des Seignnrs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la requeft ; “ and Affent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, des communes en mefme le parlement ad ordeignez j “ and at the Requeft of the Commons in the fame 5c eftabliz diverfes ordinances 5c. eftatutz en la [ “ Parliament, hath ordained' and eftablifhed divers ibrme qenfeute..	“	Ordinances	and	Statutes	in	the	Form as followeth.P

C A P. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Cities and Perfons, GV. and of all. ■ Statutes not repealed. Peace fhall be kept, Gr»

PRimerement qe feint efglife eit toutz fez libertees 5t fraunchifes et qe toutz les Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & toutz les citees burghs

FIRST, Thatholy-Cliurch Have all Her Liberties-and Franchifes ; (2) and that all the Lords * Spiritual and. Temporal,. and all the Cities, Boroughs.,,

4-64

1	H. 4, c. ».

2	11. 4< C. I.

C. 2, 3.	Anno	feptimo	H

‘ roughs, and Towns franchifed,'have and enjoy all ‘ their Liberties and Franchifes, which they have of ‘ the Grant of the King’s Progenitors, and of the ‘ Confirpiation and GranVof our Lord the King that ‘ now-is. (3) And that the'Great Charter, and the ‘ Charter pf the Foreft, and’ all the Ordinances and ‘ Statutes made "in the Time of, our Lord the King, ‘ and .in the Time of his. Progenitors, not repealed, be

*	firmly'hoiden and kept, and duly executed in ai! ‘ Points. (4) And that the Peace within the Realm ‘ be hoiden and kept, fo that all the King’s liege Peo-‘ p]e and Subjects may from henceforth fafely anc

*	peaceably so, dome, and abide, according to the ‘ Laws and Ufages of the fame Realm. (5) And that ‘ good Juftice and even Right be done to every Per-6 fon ; laving to the fame our Lord the King his Re-

*	galty and Prerogative,’

NRICl IV.	A.	D.	1405.

Ex Rott. i/i Turr. Lond.

&	villes enfraunchifes aient & enjoient toutz les libertees & fraunchifes cjueux i!s ont du graunte des progenitours noftre dit Seignur le Roy & de la confirmation & du graunte mefme noftre Seignur ie Roy. Et qe la Grande Chartre & la chartre de la Foreft & touz les ordin ances & eftatutz faitz en. temps noftre dit Seignur le Roy & en temps de fes ditz, progenitours nient rcpcllez foient ferme-'nent tenuz gardez & duement executz en toutz pointz. Et qe la paix deinz le Roialme foit tenuz 6c gardez iffint qe toutz fes loialx lieges & fubgitz mefine noftre Seignur le Roy purront1 defore fauve-ment & paifiblement aler venir & demurrer folonc les loy.es h ufages de mefme le Roialme. Et qe bone juftice & ovel droit foit fait a chefcuny fad-vaunt a mefme noftre Seignur le Roy fes regalie & prerogative.

CAP. II.

The Realms of England and France intuited to the King and his four Sons by Name.

ITEM de la requeft &de laflent des ditz Seignurs and communes en dit parlement ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe lenheritement de la corone & de les Roialmes dEngleterre & de Fraunce & de toutz les autres Seig-nuries noftre dit Seignur le Roy pardelea la meer ovefqe toutz les appurtenances foit mys & demoerge en la perfone mefme noftre Seignur le Roy & en les heirs de fon corps iflantz & cn efpecial a la requeft & dc" laflent fuifdi.tz ordeignez eft & eftabliz prononciez defeernez & declarrez qe monfieur le Prince Henry eifiie fitz noftre Seignur le Roy foit heir apparant mefme noftre Seignur le Roy pur luy fucceder en les f if-ditz corone Roialmes & Seignuries pur les avoir ove toutz les appurtenances apres le deares dicell noftre Seignur le Roy a luy h a fes heirs dc fon corps iflantz. Et fll devie fanz heir de fon corps iflant qadonqes toutez les fuiidites corone Roialmes Sc Seignuries ove toutz les appurtenances remaignant a mon Seignur Thomas fecunde fitz noftre dit Seignur le Roy & a les heirs de fon corps iflantz. Et fil devie fanz iflue de fon corps iflant .qadonqes toutz les fuifditz corone Roialmes & Seignuries ove toutz les appurtenances reinaignent a mon Seignur John tierce fitz mefme noftre Seignur le Roy &c a fes heirs de fon corps iflantz. Et fil devie fanz heir de fon corps iflant qadonqes toutz les fuifdit corone Roialmes & Sejgnuries ove toutz les appur'enances .reinaignent a mon fieur Umfrey quart fitz noftre dit Seignur le Roy .& a fes heirs de fon corps iflantz.

CAP. III.

The Rolls of Eftreats fhall be made certain.

TTEM, Whereas divers People of the Realm do1 “ X lofe Iflues, Fines, and Amerciaments in the “ Court of our Lord the King, at the Suit of any “ Party, and alfo Iflues and Amerciaments in Inquefts *.* and Juries, wherein they be impanelled betwixt “ Party and Party in the faid Court; whereupon the “ Bailiffs of Sheriffs and their Receivers, and the “ Bailiffs ,of Franchifes and their Receivers, which “ gather the green Wax, do levy the fame Iflues, “ Fines, and Amerciaments by Eftreats fent to them, “ and delivered out of the Place where they were for-“ foit, by oblcure and ambiguous Words, containing “ the Sum fo loft, not making mention by exprels “ Words of the Caufe .of the Lofs, nor the Day of “ the Term, nor betwixt what Parties, nor the Na-“ ture of the Writ in which the fame Iflues, Fines, “ and Amerciaments were loft, (2) fo that the faid “ Officers do levy the Sum two or three Times, and “ fometime the double Sum contained in their Ef-“ tre. ts, to the great Grief anj Impovcriftiing of all “ the People ‘ (3) it is ordained and cftablifhed, that ‘ the Juflices and judges, before whom fuch Ifliies or ‘ Amerciaments be or fhall be forfeit, in time to come ‘ fhall charge the Clerks of the Eftreats in the Places

ITEM pur cc qe plufours gentz de Roialme per-dont iflues fines & amerciamentz en la court noftre Seignur le Roy a la fuytu dafeune partie et auxi iflues &■ amerciamentz en enqueftes & jures es queux ils font enpanellcs parentre.partie & partie en la court avauntdite Sur qoy les baillifs des vif-countz & lours refeeivours cc baillifs des franchifes Jr lours refeeivours qui coil lent la verte cere levont les iflues fines & amerciamentz avgunditz par eftretes a eux maundes & liverez hors de la place ou ils furent forfaitz par obfcurcs & dotifs parols contenantz la fome iffint .perdue nient fe-fantz mention par exprefle parol de caufe de la perde ne del jour del terme nentre quelx parties ne la nature del brief es queux yOelles iflues fynes & amerciamentz furent perduz iffint qe les mi-niftres avauntditz levont la fome deux foiiz ou trois foitz & aucune foitz la double fomme conte-nue en leurs eftretes a grand grevance & empove-riflement de tout le poeple Ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe les Juftices & Jugges devaunt queux iflues 6c amerciamentz font 6c ferront forfaitz en temps advenirchargentles clcrcs des eftretes en les places .en les queux les iflues. & amerciamentz font ou

ferront

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ferront forfaitz par leur ferementz dc faire & qils facent les rolles des eftretes des ditz ifl'ues Sc amer-ciamentz diftinCtement par exprefle parol del caufe del perdc del terme del an & de la nature del brief Sc parentre queux parties tielx ifl'ues & amer-ciamentz font ou ferront perduz fibien en la fuite du Roy come en la fuite de partie et qe leftatut fait en temps le Roy E. tierce lan de ton regne xlii. de coillet de vert cere foit tenuz & gardes en toutz pointz.

1 where fuch Ifl'ues and Amerciaments be or {hall be ‘ forfeit, by their Oath to be made, that they make ‘ the Rolls of the Eftreats of fuch Ifl'ues and Ainercia-‘ ments diftinftly by exprefs Word, of the Caufe of ‘ the Lofs, of the Term, of the Year, and the Nature c of the Writ, and betwixt what Parties fuch lilues ‘ and Amerciaments be or {hall be loft, as well in the ‘ King’s Suit, as in the. Suit of the Party; (4) and A Confirmation ‘ that the Statute made in the Timeof King Edward"^s,atute of * the Third, the two and fortieth Year of his Reign, Aching gathe’r-‘ forgathering of green Wax, beholden and kept in ir:g 0f green c all Points.’	v/ax.

C A P. IV.

No Protection allowable for a Gaoler which letteth a Prifoner efcape.

ITEM pur ceo qe quant diverfes gentz dettours font condempnes a leurs creditours par due proces du loy Sc commys a pjifone ceftafiavoir as gaoles de Marefchalcie Bank du Roy Flete Sc aillours as autres prifones en diverfes citees villes Sc burghs deins le Roialme les gardeins des gaoles & prifones fuifditz de leur propre auCtorite Ieflent les dettours fuifditz aler a large a leur volunte et la ou par eftatut eft ordeigne qe ft aucune gaoler lefl'eroit tiel prifoner aler a large par mainprife ou en bailie cadonqes la perfone envers qi le dit prifoner eftoit condempne averoit fa aCtione Sc reco-verer envers le dit gaoler mefmes yceux gardeins purchacent a eux mefmes protection du Roy pa-rency qe les creditours fuifditz par ycelles protections font delaiez Sc tariez de leur duete Sc droitu-rele recoeverer fibien envers les ditz gardeins des gaoles come les prifoners fuifditz a trefgrand prejudice & damage del commune pocplc Sc derogation de la commune loy ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul protection foit variable ne allouable na-cunement alloue en tiel cas.

«

et

ITEM, Becaufe that when divers Perfons, being Debtors, be condemned to their Creditors by due Rrocefs of the Law, and committed to Prifon,-that is to fay, to the Gaols of the Marjbalfea, King’s Bench, Fleet, and other Prifons, in divers Cities,

Boroughs, and Towns within the Realm, the War-dens of the Gaols and Prifons aforefaid, of their own Authority, do let the faid Debtors to go at large at their Will; (z) and whereas by a Statute it was 1 R. 1. c. u, ordained, That if any Gaoler do let fuch Prifoner to go by Mainprife, or in Bail, that then the Perfon to whom the Prifoner is condemned,, {hall have his ACtion and Recovery againft the faid Gaoler, (3) the fame Wardens do purchafe to them the King’s Protection, whereby the faid Creditors by the fame Protection be delayed and deferred from their Duty and rightful Recovery, as well againft the Lid Wardens of the faid Gaols, as againft the faid Prifoners, to the great Damage and Prejudice of the common People, and Derogation of the Common Law r”

{4) it is ordained and eftabliftied, That no Protection be available, nor by any Means allowed in fuch Ed i flat 1 Cafe.’	'	'	c.u.

C A P. V.

The King {hall not have the Forfeiture of thofe Lands whereof certain Traitors were feifed to

the Ufe of others.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nulls des chaftelx manoirs terres tenementz fees advowefons ne nule B X P.

parcelle dicelles des queux Henry Percy jadys Cont de Northumbr’ ou Thomas jadys Sire de Bardolf.	,	t

eftoient feifez ou afeun de eux eftoit feili jointement ovelqe autres ou foulement par eux mefmes ou aucuns 5 de eux fouhnent par luy mefmes de feft'ement des autres.a autri oeps ou pur la grand affiance qe gentz qi eux enfeofferent avoient a eux de faire ou perfournir lours voluntees et dont .ils nefurent enfeoft’ez define enheritez a leur propre oeps mes de perfournir la volunte de leurs feoftours ou la volunte des feorfours de Jours feof-fours combien qe tielx fsoft'ementz foient faitz par fyn ou autrement fanz monltrer fait provanc la condition foient oil foit afeunement feifez en les mains noftr.e dit Seignur le Roy ne a luy forfaitz. Et ft afeun. dons ou grauntes foient faites par noftre dit Seignur le Roy des ditz chaftelx manoirs terres tenementz fees ou advowefons ou dafeun parcell dicelles a ferme ou autrement qe tielx dons ou grantes foient de tout voides k de nule value a toutz jours. Purveux toutesfoitz.qe noftre dit Seignur le Roy ait la forfeiture des chaftelx manoirs terres tenementz fees & advowefons des quelxles ditz nadgairs Cont de Northumb’ ou le dit Sire de Bardolf ou afeun de eux furent.oufuit par eux mefmes ou feveralment enheritables ou enheritabk par deicent ou par droit purchace ou des quelx autres furent enfcoflez joint ovefqe eux ou autres foulement a leur oeps par fyn ou en autre manere quelconqe.

O o 0

VOL. I,

C A f.

Anno feptimo Henrici IV. A. D. 1405,

0	B.

1	3 R. 2. c. 2 & 3,

flat,

2 H.a. c.4. See 13 £/, c.

CAP. VI. '

The Penalty of him which purchafeth a Bull to be difcharged of Tithes.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

TTEM ordeignez eft h eftabliz qe nule perfone religioufe ou feculer de quel eftate ou condition qil foit • 2- qi par colour dafcuns bulles contenauntz tiel privilege deftre quite des difmes appurtenantes as efgliles pa-rochieix prebendes hofpitals ou vicaries devaunt lan du regne le Roy Richard fecond puis le conqueft pii-miere ou depuis purchacez nient executz mette en executions aucuns tielx bulles enfi purchafes ou afcuns. ticlx bulles appurchaces en temps advenir. Et qe ft defore nule tiel perfone religioufe ou feculer de quel eftat ou condition qil foit par colour de dels bulles deftourbe afcuns perfons de feint efglife prebenders gardeins des hofpitals ou vicaires parenfi qils ne purront prendre ne enjoicr les difmes a eux duez ou regardantz de lours ditz benefices qe tiel deftourbour encourge autielx proces Sc peine come eft ordeignez par eftatut fait vers ceux de lordre de Cifteux lan fecondc noitre Seignur le Roy qoreft.

2. for tbd Penalty of bringing Bulls} &c, from Rome,

CAP. VII.

Arrow-heads fhall be well boiled, brafed, and hard.

s‘ TTEM, Becaufe the Arrow-fmiths do make many “ faulty Heads for Arrows and Quarels, defective, “ not well, nor lawful, nor defenfible, to the great “ Jeopardy and Deceit of the People, and of the “ whole Realm ‘ (2) it is ordained and eftablifhed, ‘ That all the Heads for Arrows and Quarels after ‘ this Time to be made, fhall be well boiled or brafed, 4 and hardened at the Points with Steel ; (3) and if ‘ any of the faid Smiths do make the contrary, they ‘ fhall forfeit all fuch Heads and Quarels to the King, ‘ (4) and fhall be alfo imprifoned, and make a Fine ‘ at the King’s Will ; (5; and that every Arrow-‘ head and Quarel be marked with the Mark of him ‘ that made the fame. (6) And the Juftices of Peace ‘ in every County of Englafid, and alfo the Mayor Juftices of Peace ‘ and Sheriff’s, and Bailiffs of Cities and Boroughs, and chief offi- ‘ within the fame Cities and Boroughs, fhall have mayirtouire ‘ P°wer t0 enquire of all fuch deceitful Makers of of and punifli c Heads and Quarels, and to punifh them as afore is Offenders, 4 faid.’

ITEM pur ceo qe les arroufmythes font plufours.

teftes de fetes Si quarelx defedtifs nient bien ne loialment ne deffenfablement a grant perill Sc defeeit du poeple & de tout le Roialme Ordeignez. eft & eftabliz qe toutz les teftes de fetes & quarels defore enavaunt affairs foient boilles ou brafes & dures a la point daffer et fi afcuns des ditz arroufmythes les facent a contrarie qils forsfacent toutes-tielx teftes Si quarels au Roy & foient emprifonez Sc ent facent fyn a. la volunte du Roy. Et qe chef-cun tefte des fetes & quarels foit feigne dune figne de celuy qe le fift. Et eient les juftices de la pees en chelcun counte dEngleterre Sc auxi les mairs vifeontes Si baillifs des citecs & burghs deinz mefmes les citees Sc burghs poair denquer des toutz tieux faux fefours de teftes Sc quarels Sc de les punir par manere comc.defTuis eft dit..

CAP. VIIL

No Provifion, Licence, or. Pardon fhall be granted of a Benefice full of an Incumbent;.

25£4..3,J>at. 6.s tTEM, To efehew many- Difienfions, Difcords ‘ JL and Debates, and divers other Mifchiefs very ‘ like to rife and grow becaufe of many Provifions ‘ made, and to be made, by the Pope, and alfo in ‘ refpedt of Licences granted, upon the fame by the ‘ King our Sovereign Lord ; it is ordained and ef-‘ tablilhed, That no Licence or Pardon, fo granted ‘ before this Time, nor to be granted in Time to ‘ come, fhall be available to any Benefice full of any Enfircedhy 3 H. ‘ Incumbent, at the Day of the Date of. fuch Licence 5?. c. 4..	‘	or Pardon granted..’

ITEM- pur efehuir plufours diffenfions difeordez ' Sc debates Sc. diverfes autres mef.hiefs verray.-femBlables a fourdre Sc avenir a caufe des plufours provifions faitz Sc. affairs par lappoftoill Sc auxi a caufe.des . licences fur ce grantez par le Roi noftre foveraigne Seignur Ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul tie! licence ou pardon ainfi graunte devant ces heures ne a grantier en temps advenir ne foit vailable a afeune benefice plein daucun incumbent a jour de la date de tiel licence ou pardone; grante..

CAP. IXi.

All Merchandifes may, be fold in grofs, as well to all others, as to Citizens of London:

TTEM, Whereas at the grievous Complaint made “ X by the Commons in the faid Parliament, it is “ fhewed, how that in old Time it was ufed. and ac-. “ cuftomed, that as well the Cloth^makers and Dra-“ pers of whatfoever Place of the Realm, repairing “ and having Rccourfe to the City of Loudon, as other

ITEM come a la.grevoufe compleiht des ditz communes fait en parlement foit monftrez convent dancien temps ufez eftoit Sc accouftumez. qe fibien les drapers Si vendours des draps de que-conqe lieu de Roiaume repairantz Sc confluantz. al.Citee de. Loundres come autres merchantz ove: 4	diverfes	s

A. D. 1405. Anno feptimo Henrici IV.	C.	10,	11.	467

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond, diverfes merchandifes come de vyns feer oile' ft cere ft autres chofcs appurtenantz as merchandifes ejccerceantz ft repairantz ft confluantz a] dite Citee ont achatuz ft venduz cn gros fibicn ove aliens come deinzeins de les draps & autres merchandifes fuifditz a lour volunte ft pleifer paiantz cn ycelle partie tantfoulement cuftumes ft autres devoirs ent refonablement duez ft unqes par mefme le temps ne furont deftourbez ou en afcunc ma-nere impedez de vendre ou achater en gros ove merchantz aliens ou dcnzeins dc tielx draps ft merchandifes a lour volunte ft pleifer mes fole-ment a retaill Et ja foient fibien les ditz drapers come les autres merchantz fuifditz par les Mair Vifcountz AHermannes drapers ft marchantz de Loundr s deftourbez de jour en autre de vendre ft achater en la rranere fuifdit fibien en gros come a retaill ft grevoufement ft continuelemcnt con-ftreintz de vendre lour draps ft merchandifes fuifditz tantfoulement as merchantz ft autres enhabi-tantz la dite Citee a finguler avauntage & profit deux de Lo ndres ft fibien commune damage ft perde des Seignurs efpirituelx ft temporelx ft les communes du Roiaume come de les ditz drapers ft merchantz enli grevez ft evident enfample ft oc-cafion as tielx drapers ft merchantz enfi grevez de lour retraiher de la dite Citee er.avaunt fi re-mede ne foit purveu le pluiftoft en ceft partie Or-deignez eft ft eftabliz qe fibien les drapers ft ven-dours des draps come autres merchantz ove lour diverfes merchandifes come de vyns ferre feel ft cere ft autres chofes appnrtcnauntz as merchandifes foient franez de vendre en gros lour draps ferre feel ft cere ft autres lour merchandifes fibien as quelxconqes lieges du Roy come a les ci-tezeins de Londres non obftant aucune franchife ou libertees grauntez a contraire.

44 Merchants, with divers Merchandizes, as Wine,

44 Iron, Oil, and Wax, and other Things pertaining 44 to Merchandife, exercifing, repairing, and having “ Recourfe to the faid City, have bought and fold in “ Grofs, as well with Aliens as with Denizens, of 44 the Cloths and other Merchandifes aforefaid, at “ their Will and Pleafure, paying in this Behalf only “ the Cuftoms and other Devoirs thereof reafonably “ due j (2) and never in all the faid Time were dil-44 turbed, or in any Manner hindered to fell or buy 44 in Grofs with Merchants, Aliens, or Denizens, of 44 fuch Cloths and Merchandifes, at their Will and “ Pleafure, but only to retail; (3) and now of late as 44 well the fame Cloth-makers, as other the Mer-44 chants aforefaid, by the Mayor, Sheriffs, Aldermen,

44 Drapers, and Merchants of London, be daily dif-44 turbed and let, to fell and buy in the Manner afore-44 faid, as well in Grofs as in Retail, and grievouffy “ an I continually conftrained to fell their faid Cloths “ and Merchandifes only to the Merchants and Inha-44 bitants of the faid City, to the fingular Profit and 44 Advantage of them of London, and alfo to the S Co. 12S. 44 Damage and Lofs of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-44 poral, and the Commons of this Realm, as of the “ faid Cloth-makers and Merchants fo grieved, and “ a plain Enfample and Occafiori to luch Cloth-“ makers and Merchants fo grieved, to withdraw “ themfelves from the faid City from henceforth, if 44 Remedy be not rather provided in this Behalf ‘ (4) it is ordained and eftablifhed, That as well the 4 Drapers and Clothfellers, as other Merchants, with 4 their fundry Merchandifes, as of Wine, Iron, Oil,

4 and Wax, and other Things pertaining to Merchan-4 difes, Ihall be free to fell in Grofs their Cloths, Iron,

4 Oil, and Wax, and other their Merchandifes, as 4 well to all the King’s liege People, as totheCitiz ns 4 of London, notwithftanding any Franchife or Liberty 4 granted to the contrary.’

CAP. -X.

The Length and Breadth of Cloth of Ray and Coloured.

1 TEM come es diverfes parlementz de Seignur E. nadgairs Roy dEngleterre Aiel noftre Seignur le Roy Repealed Ev 5 1 * qoreft eftoit ordeignez qe le drap de ray ferroit en longure de xxviii. aulnes & en laeure vi. quarters le entier draps de coloure en longure dc xxvi. aulnes mefure par le dorfe & en laeure de vi. quarters & di’^L c‘ ,c-au fyne qe lune drape & lautre entier ewe & tonduc ferroit en longure de xxiiij. aulnes. Et ore les faifours^ h 4. c. 6. des ditz draps font leurs draps fuhtiletnent iffint qapeyne le drape contient xxi. aulnes-ou xxii. aulnes & de n H. 4. c. 7. meindre laeure qe ne ferroit par grant partie en defceit & a grand damage du commune poeple du Xoialme !3	4-	c-	4-

Ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe le drape de colour contiegne en longure xxviii. aulnes & le drape de ray a tant mefurez fanz deffoler les draps fi en laeure come devaunt eft ordeignez par eftatut. Et li les fefours des draps facent defore leurs draps de meindre longure ou laeure qe mefmes les faifours forsfacent les draps qe f rront trovez par laulneour de meindre longure ou laeure et qe laulneour les preigne & les delivere al gar-derobe 2I oeps de mefme noftre Seignur le Roy.

CAP. XI.

Commiflioners not receiving a Com million lhail be difeharged upon Oath.

ITEM come plcufeurs des lieges noftre Seignur le Roy foient affignez par les commiftions pur Lire fi parfournir la contenue dicelles aucuns doier & terminer & aucuns denciuere & certifier ft au-trement par ont mefmes les commiffioners font grevoufement conftreintz par proces hors de lef-cheqer par caufe des ditz commiff.ons Et par cells

ITEM, Whereas many of the King’s liege People be afiigned by his Commiftions to do and 44 perform the Content of the fame, fome to hear and 44 determine,' fome to enquire and certify, and oth. r-44 wife, whereby the fame Commiflioners be grievouffy 44 difttamed by Procefs out of the Exchequer, by 44 reafon of the faid Commiftions, and by that Ocea-O o o 2	fiom

468

4 H. 4' c> 9

C. 12', 13.	Anno	feptimo

“ fion do lofe great Ifiues, where the faid Commiffion-“ ers did never know of fuch Commiffions, nor the “ fame Commiffions ever came to their Hands, to the 44 great Damage and Hinderance of many of the “ King’s Subjects 5” 4 (2) it is ordained and eftab-‘ lifhed, That the Barons of the Exchequer fhall 4 have Power to receive the Oath of fuch Commif-‘ fioners of their Excufe and Difcharge of the Receipt 4 or Occupation of the faid Commiffions ; (3) and 4 alfo that the fame Barons of the Exchequer, and the 4 Juftices of the one Bench and the other, {hall have ‘ Power, by Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem, to receive ‘ fuc 1 Oaths in the Country ; and that the fame ‘ Jufrices fhall thereof certify the faid Barons in the ‘ .Exchequer from time to time, and that upon the 4 fame, the faid Barons fhall difcharge the faid Com-4 miffioners; (4) and in like wife it fhall be done for 4 the Heirs, Executors, or Land-Tenants of the faid * Commiffioners. (5) Provided always, That fuch 4 Oaths be not taken but in Cafe of Commiffions of 4 Oyer and Determiner, and of Enquiry and Certifying 4 only.’

Henri.ci IV. A. D. 1405.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. caufe perdont grandes iffues la ou les ditz commif-miffioners unqes ne furent fachantz de tielx commiffions ne unqes mefmes les commiffions devein-dront 'en lour mairis a grand damage & difeafe des plufours des lieges du Roy ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les Barons delefcheqeraient poair de refceiver les fermehtz de tielx commiffionersde leurs excufation Si difcharge de la refceit ou occupation de tielx I commiffions. Ex auxi qe mefmes les Barons Sc ! les Juftices de lun Banc Si de lautre aient poair | par breve de dedimus poteftatem d.e refceiver tielx ferementz en-paiis Et qe mefmes les Juftices ent certiftent les ditz Barons en. Lefchcqer de temps en temps Et qe fur ce mefmns les Barons difchar-gent les ditz commiffioners et femblablement foit j fait pur les heirs executours ou terretenantz di-[ chiles commiffioners. Purveux toutesfoitz qe tielx ' ferementz ne foient prifes mes en cas de commif-fiqns doier Si terminer & denquer Si certifier t nt-1 foulement.

cap. xir.

Thofe Lands fhall not be forfeited to the King, whereof Traitors were feized to the Ufe

of others.

•	,	.	i

EXP.	ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe null des manoirs terres ou tenementz des queux John	nadgairs Count

c H. 4. c. i. JL de Salefbirs qi fuift decollez a Circeftre ou monfieur Thomas Blount & toutz autres qi	furent prifes a.

7II. 4. c. 5. Circeftre & amefnez a Oxenford ou autres qi furent ajuggiez traitours aillours deinz le Roialme dEngleterre puis le venue noftre dit Seiguur le Roy en la dit Roialme eftoient feifez ou afcun de eux eftoit feift joint ovefqe autres ou foulement par eux mefmes de feoffament des autres a autri oeps ou pur la grand affiance qe gentz qi eux enfeofferent avoient a eux de faire & parfournir leurs volume Si aont ils ne furent cnfeoffez deftre enheritez mes de parfournir la volume de leur feoffour ne null parcell dicelles manoirs terres ou tenementz combien qe tieux feoffementes foient faitz par fyn ou autrement fanz monftrer fait provant la condition foient ou foit aucunement forfaitz a noftre dit Seignur le Roy. Et ft autuns dons ou	gramntes foient

faitz par noftre dit Seignur le Roy des ditz manoirs terres ou tenementz ou aucuns parcelles	dicelles a ferme

ou autrement qe tielx dons Si grantes foient de tout voides & de null value a tout jours. Pourvieux toutef-foitz qe noftre dit Seignur le Roy ait la forfaiture des manoirs terres Si tenementz des queux le dit nadgairs Count de Salefbirs ou le dit monfieur Thomas Si les autres defiuifditz ou aucun de eux furent ou fuift par eux mefmes ou feveralment enheritablez ou enheritable par defeent ou par droit purchace ou des queux autres _furent cnfeoffez joint ovefqe eux ou autres foulement a leur oeps par fyn ou en autre mansre que-conqe.

CAP. XIII.

Impotent Perfons that be outlawed may make Attornies.

Capias a<3 fAk-faciendum.

44 TTEM, Whereas many of the King’s liege Peo-“ -S- pie be outlawed, and many waved, by erroneous 44 Procefs in Law, and be fo impotent in tneir Bodies, 44 by divers Maladies and Infirmities, that they cannot 44 come in their proper Perfons before the King in his 44 Bench, there to make their Suit to reverfe fuch er-44 roneous Procefs 4 (2) it is ordained and eftablifh-4 ed. That every Juftice of the one Bench and of the 4 other, and alfo the chief Baron of the Exchequer, fhall 4 have Power to examine the fame Perfons, having 4 fuch Malady and Difeafes openly known, and there-4 upon may the fame Juftices and Baron, and every of 4 them, by their Difcretion, record their Attorney in 4 th s Cafe. (3) Provided always, That in the Writ 4 of Capias ad fatisfaciendum the common Law fhall 4 hold Place.’

ITEM pur ceo qe plufours des lieges du Roy font utlages Si plufours waiviez par proces er-roine du loye Si font ft impotentz de leurs corps par diverfes maladies Si infirmitees qils ne purront en leurs propres perfones venir devant' le Roy en fon Banc illoeqes affaire leur feute pur tiel proces erroine reverfer Ordeignez eft Si eftabliz qe chef-cun Juftice de lun Banc & de lautre Si auxi le Chief Baron de Lefcheqer ait poair dexaminer ycelles perfones aiants tiels maladies Si infirmitees overtment conuz & fur ce purront mefmes les Juftices Si Baron Si chefcun de eux par lours dif-cretions recorder attourne en ceft cas. Pourveux toutesfoitz qen le breve de capias ad fatisfaciend’ courge la commune ley.

CAP.

A. D. 1405. Anno feptimo Henrici IV.	C.	14,	15.	469

CAP. XIV.

The Statute of i Hen. 4. c. 7. and 1 Rich. 2. c. 7. touching the giving and taking of Liveries confirmed. No Congregation or Company fhall make any Livery of Cloth or Hats.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

TTEM come ils foit ordenne per eftatut fait lan du rcgne nolire Seignur le Roy qoreft pri mere qe nu!leReP' 3 Car- *• Ercevefqe Evefqt Abbe ne Priour ne null autre homme de Seint efglife ne temporell de quele ellate ou c' 4" condition qil foit deinz le dit Roialme doigne aucune livere de drap a nully mes foulment a fes maynalx Si officers Si a ceux qi font de lour confaill fibien efpirituelx come temporelx apprifez de June ou lautre loye fur peyne de faire fyne Si raunceon a la volunte du Roi Ordeignez eft Si eflabliz qe fibien cell eflatut come leftatut de livere des chaperons fait en temps du Roy Richard fecond foient fermement tenuz & gardez Sc mys en due execution adjoufte a ycell qe fi aucune chivaler ou aucune autre perfone de meindere eflate doune aucune tiel livere dc drap ou des chaperons contre la forme des ditz eflatutz qil encourge la peine de C s. pur chefcun tiel livere de drap ou des chaperons appaiers au Roy atant des foitz qil ferra la contrarie de celt ellatut au ordinance. Et qe celuy qi refeeive aucune tiel livere de drap ou des chaperons encourge fem-blablement la peyne de xl s. apaiers au Roy come d: ffu is eft dit et eit celuy qe vorra fuir en cea cas la moite de tielx peins pur fon travaill et 11c foient les ditz peins aucunement pardonez. Et outre ce accordez eft qe nulle congregation ou compaignie fe face de ti 1 livere de drap ou des chiperons as collages propres died! congregation ou compaignie fur peine qe chefcun homme dicelle congregation ou compaignie qi face la contrarie de cefte ordinaunce ou eftatut paie au Roy xls. les gildes & fraternitees & auxi les gentz de meftere des citees & burghs deinz le Roialme qi font fonduz ou ordeignez a bon entent & purpos tantfoulement ex-ceptz. Et aientles Juftices as affifes prendre poair denqjere de temps en temps en leurs feifions de les ma-tiers defuis dites & de ceo certifier en Ic banc du Roy. Pourveux toutesfoitz qen temps dc guerre bien life as Seignurs chivalers Scefquiers qi travailleront en tiel guerre de doner leur livere de vefture ou des chaperons tielx & en tiele guyfe come meultz leur femblera pur temps de tiel guerre fanz aucunement eftre moleftez. ou enquietez celle partie par force ou vertue de ceft eftatut.

CAP. XV.

The Manner of the Election of Knights of Shires for a Parliament.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roy al grevoufe com-pleint de fa communalte del non dewe election des chivalers des countees pur le parlement queux aucuns foitz font faitz de affedtion des vifeountz & aiitrement encountre la forme des briefs as ditz vifeountz diredle a grand efclaundre des countees Si retardation des bufoignes del communalte du dit countee noftre Soverein Seignur le Roy vuillant a •ceo purveier de remedie de laffent des Seignurs efpirituelx Si temporelx & de tout la communalte en ■cell prefent parlement ad ordeignez Si eflabliz qe defore enavaunt les eleflions des tielz chivalers foient faitz en la forme qenfeute ceftaffaver qe al profehein countee a tenir apres la livere du brief <lu parlement proclamation foit fait en plein countee de le jour Si lieu de parlement Si qe toutz ceux qe illoeqes font prefentz fibien futerez due-ment fomonies pur cele caufe come autres attend-ent la eledlion de lours chivalers pur le parlement et adonqes en pleine counte aillent al election li-beralment & indifferentement non obftant aucune prier ou comaundement au contrarie ct apres qils foient efluz foient les perfones efluz prefentz ou abfentz foient lour nouns efcriptz en endenture deffoutz les fealx de toutz ceux qe eux eflifent Si tacchez au dit breve du parlement quele endenture iffint enfealez & tacchez foit tenuz pur retourne du dit brief qant as chivalers des countees. Et qen briefs de parlement affairs en temps advenir foit mys cefte claufe 6 Et ele&ionem tuam in

“ |TEM, Our Lord the King, at the grievous4Iaft. 10,48. “ I- Complaint of his Commons in this prefent Par-“ liament, of the undue Election of the Knights of “ Counties for the Parliament, which be fometime “ made of Affedlion of Sheriffs, and othervvife againft i “ the Form of the Writs directed to the Sheriff, to I “ the great Slander of the Counties, and Hindrance , “ of the Bufinefs of the Commonalty in the faid I “ County‘ (2) our Sovereign Lord the King, wii-‘ ling therein to provide Remedy, by the Allent of ‘ the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Com-‘ mons in this prefent Parliament affembled, hath or-c dained and eftabliihed, That from henceforth the ‘ Eledtions of fuch Knights fhall be made in the ‘ Form as followeth ; (that is to fay) at the next ‘ County to be holden after the Delivery of the Writ ‘ of the Parliament, Proclamation fhall be made in the ‘ full County of the Day and Place of the Parliament,

‘ (3) and that all they that be there prefent, as well ‘ Suitors duly fummoned for the fame Caufe, as other,

‘ fhall attend to the Election of the Knights for the c Parliament, (4) and then in the full County they ‘ fhall proceed to the Election freely and indifferently,

‘ notwithftanding any Requeft or Commandment to

*	the contrary ; (5) and after that they be chofen, the ‘ Names of the Perfons fo chofen (be they prefent or ‘ abfent) fhall be written in an Indenture under the t Seals of all them that did choofe them, and tacked to ‘ the fame Writ of the Parliament; which Indenture,

‘ fo fealed and tacked, fhall be holden for the Sheriff’s ‘ Return of the faid Writ, touching the Knights ‘ of the Shires. (6) And in the Writs of the Parlia-

* ment to be made hereafter, this Claufe fhall be

‘ put;’ “ Et eledtionem tuam in plenocomitatu tuo A Claufe to be

“ faaamioferte‘iintver*

C. 16, 17.

Anno feptimo Henrici IV.

Ex Rot

Writ of the .Parliament. Enforced and amended by II 4. c. 1.

6 H. 6. c. 4, 23 H. 6. c. 1 See fat then 1 12 virw.

H.

44 factam diftinble & aperte fab figillo tuo & figillis 44 eorum qui ele&ioni illi interfuerint nobis in can-44 cellaria noftra ad diem & locum in brevi contentos “ certificesindiiate.”

A. D. 1405.

hi Turr. Lond.

4 .pleno comitatu tuo fa&am diftintfte Si aperte ‘ fub figillo tuo & figillis eorum qui eledtioni illi 4 interfuerint nobis in Cancellaria noftra ad 4 -diem & locum in brevi content’ ccrtifices indi-4 late.’

II. 5- c‘ 1*	8	II.	6.	c. 7.	10	U. 6.

1. e. J. 18 Geo. 2• r. 18.	19	Geo.

* Read r. :I4.

2. .23 //. 6. c. 10.	27	f/.	8. r. 26.	35 //. 8. r. n. 7	8	/F. 3.

, r. 28, and 31 Geo. 2. r. 14. for the due EleElion of Knights of the Shires,

, 4, 7,	25.	IO	Ann, e. 23.

CAP. XVI.

Annuities granted by the King or his Anceftors, of an elder Date, fliall be paid before them

that were granted of a latter Date.

E X P.	TTEM	come	nadgairs fuggeftion fuift fait a noftredit Scignur le Roy en fon parlement tenuz aWeftm’ en les

X oetaves de feint Hillary lan de fon regne quart par les communes adonqes efteantz en le dit parlement qe par la ou plufours perfones avoient en regarde de leur bon fervice fibien du grant noftre Seignur le Roy qo-reft come des grantez du Roy Edward Aiel mefme noftre Seignur le Roy & de Roy Richard fon darrein ■predeceftour certeins annuitees apprendrez pur terme de lour vies des iflues & revenuz de diverfes countees aEngleterre par les mains des vifcountz des ditz countees pur le temps efteantz et qe autres perfones de pluife puifne temps par vertue deslettres patentes a eux grantez paraucuns des ditz Rois des certeins fommes apprendrez des ilfuez des ditz countees a terme devie ou en autre manere en furchargede mefmes les countees par favour ou par doune ont efte paiez entrelelfez les primiers grauntes ou plufours de eux nient paiez a graunt tort & contre droit & reafon h veraifemblable delheritefon de ceux enft de primes grauntez Or-deignez eft & eftabliz qe ceux qont lettres patentes effe&uelx & de force deifne 'date foient primicrement paiez folonc left’eft dicelles & de les garantz fufficeantz fur ce faitz Sauvant a noftre Seignur le Roy les profres faitz ou affairs en fon Efcheqcr etfauvant ce qeft grante a noftre Dame laRoigne & les fitz du Roy. Et ft aucune vifeount cuftumer ou aucune autre paie a afeuny eiant lettres patentes de puifne date iz lefte afeun autre eiant lettres patentes de eifne date -nient paiez exceptz ceux qi devaunt font exceptz qe celuy \qi enfi face ne foit excufez ne difehargiez envers ceux qi ont lour lettres patentes deifne date par afeuns tielx paiementz eiifi faitz a ceux eiantz lour lettres patentes de puifne date ne difehargez hors de lefeheqer tanqe.il ait fait gree a partie folonc ley & refon & damage folonc le difcrction des Barons de lefeheqer.

CAP. XVII.

No Man fhall put his Son or his Daughter to be an Apprentice, unlefs he have Twenty Shillings in Land or Rent j but eveiy Perfon may put his Son or Daughter to School.

Repealed by 8 H 6. c. 11. j 1 H. 7. c. 1.

See 5 El. c. 4.

f. 27. which pro n/id> s that no Mcr ■ chants9 Sec. may take A J prent ces but Juch •zvboJiPa

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les bons eftatutz faitz en temps le noble Roy Edward Aiel- noftre Seignur qoreft lan de fon regne xxv. & les eftatutz faitz a Cantebrigge en temps du Richard nadgairs Roy dEngleterre lan du fon regne xijme touchantz laborers artificers & autres fervantz de hufbandrie foient tenuz & gardez en toutz points & mys en due execution. Et come en le dit eftatut fait a Cantebrigg entre autres articules foit contenuz qe celuy ou cele qi ufi de laborer a la charue ou charette ou autre labour ou fervice de hufbandrie tanqe il foit dage de xij. ans qe de cele temps enavaunt il demoerge a cele labour fanz eftre mys ■bobt-a-a tneftiere ou artifice et ft aucune covenaunt ou licence foit fait deflors enavaunt a contrarie foit tenuz pur rim may dUfml nul Nient obftant quele article h les bons eftatutz avaunt faitz par toutz les partiez du Roialme les enfantz Forty Shillings neez dedeinz les villes & Seignuries de Upland des queux lour pi rs & miers nont de terre ou de rente ■cf Freehold. nautre viver ft noun lour fervice ou meftere par lour ditz piers il mieres & autres lour amys font- mys de fervir & licz apprentices as diverfes artifices dedeins les citees iz burghs du Roialme a la foitz al age de xij. ans & a la foitz dedeinz de dit age & ce pur lorgoil de vefture & autres males cuftumes qe fervantz ufent en ycell parifiint qil y ad ft grant chierte de laborers & autres fervantz de hufbandrie qe les gentils et autres, gentz du Roiaume font gralidement empoverez par la caufe fuifdite. Noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant le, mefehief fuifdit & Vuillant fur ceo purvoir de remede de ladvis & aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx & tempo-relx & a la requeft des ditz Communes ad ordeignez ti eftabliz qe null homrae ou femme de quele eftate' ou condition qil foit mette fon fitz ou file de quele agt qil foit de fervir come apprentice a null meftere nautre laboure dedeinz citee ou burgh dedeinz le Roialme finon qil eit terre ou rent a la value de xx s. par an a meins mes qil 'oit mys de fervir a autiel labour foit il deinz cit: ou burgh ou dehors come fes ditz picre ou'miere ufent ou autres labours come leur eftates r- quiergent fur pevn denprifonement dun an & de faire fvn & raunceon a la volume du Roy. Et ft aucun covenaunt foit fait dafeun tiel enfaunt de quele eftat qil foit a contraire foit tenuz pur nul. Furveux toutesfoitz qe chefcun homme ou femme de quele eftate ou, condition qil foit foit fraunc de mettre fon fitz ou file dapprendre lettereure a qelconqe efcole qe leur. pleft deinz le Roialme. Et qe defore enavaunt chefcun qi voct faire fon fitz ou file apprentice a afeune meftre deinz citee ou hurgh qil porte au mair ou bailif de tiel citee ou burgh une bille enlealle deftbutz les ft alx de deux juftices du pees del countee en quele tiel enfant eft nee tefmoignant la value de terre ou de rent He fez ditz pier ou mier come defluis eft dit. Et qe null homme ou femme refceyve afeun apprentice a contraire de cell ordinaunce fur painc de paier au Roy Cs. fibien al Lyte de Roy come de chefcun qi voet

pieindre

C. 18.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

pleindre fibien devaunt les juftices de pecs come en autre court du Roy Sc eit celuy qi votra fuir celle partie lune moitee pur fon labour & le Roy lautre moyte. Et qe en chefcun letc foit il en mayn du Roy ou dautre quiconqc liege du Roy foient un foitz par an toutz les laborers Sc artificers demurantz dedcinz le dit lete fermentez de fervir & prendre pur lour fervice folonc la forme des ditz eftatutz Sc fils refufent dc ce faire foient ils mys en ceppes deinz la ville ou ils font pris par trois jours faunz bailie ou mainprife tanqe ils le vuillent faire de gree Sc dilloeqes foient mys a profehein gaole. Et qe chefcun ville ou Seignurie qe faille do leur ceppes parency qils ne foient faitz devaunt le feft de Pafqe profehein advenir encourge devers le Roy la peine de C s. deftre lcvez & paiez en cide de la xv.me a grantor en temps advenir.

4?*

C. A P.. XVIII.

None fhall be punilhed for reprelTing of the late Riots.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul des Seignurs efpirituelx ou temporelx chivalers ou efquiers du E X P.

Roialme ne null autre perfone de queconqe eftate ou conditione qil foit ne foit aucunement grevezmo-leftez enquietez ou endamagez pur aucune chofe faite par eux ou par aucune deux ou pur lour chivache ou purfuite fait ovefqe le Roy ou a fon comandement pur chaftefir Sc punir les riotes Sc infurreftions qont efte faitz diverfement Sc as diverfes foitz deiz le Roialme d.puis le venue noftre dit Seignur le Roy en ycel Roialme mes qils Sc chefcun deux ent foient Sc foit outrement quitz relefTez pardonez Sc difdamagez a touz jours..

Statutes made at Gloucefter, Anno 9 Hen. IV. and Anno

Donii 1407.

Rex vicecomiti Kane’ fa'lutem.. Quedam ftatuta &. ordinationes in ultimo parliamento noftro edita tibi.

mittimus in forma patenti fub eo qui fequitur tenore.

Ex Rot., in Turr. Lond. m. n.

POUR ceo qe diverfes compleintes ount efte faitz a noftre Seignur le Roy par les communes de fon roiaume en le parlement tenuz a Glouceftre le xxme jour dOdlobr’ lan du-regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy noefifme Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy voillant remedier les ditz compleintes de ladvis Sc aftent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx Sc a les inftance Sc requeft des ditz communes ad' fait ordeiner Sc eftablier diverfes or-deinances & eftatutz en la forme qenfuy t.

“ TT~J Ecaule that divers Complaints have been made “	to our Lord the King by the Commons of

“ JLJ? this Realm, in the Parliament holden at Glou-“ cefter the twentieth Day of OUober, in the Ninth; “ Year o." the Reign of our faid Lord KingHEN’RY “ the Fourth after the Conqueft; the fame our Lord “ the King, willing to remedy the faid Complaints, “ by the Advice and Aftent.of the Lords Spiritual and “ Temporal, and at the Inftance and Requeft of the “ faid Commons, hath caufed to be ordained and fta-“ blifhed divers Statutes and.Ordinances, in Form as ; “ followeth.”

c a p. r.

A Confirmation of all Liberties, except thofe granted to the Scholars of Oxford.

PRimierement. qe feinte efglife ait toutes fes li-bertees h franchifes“et qe toutes les Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & les autres lieges du Roy aientz libertees & franchifes Sc toutz les citees & burghs du roiaume aient & enjoient toutz lour libertees & franchifes queux ils ount des grauntz de les progenitours noftre dit Seignur le Roy & de fon graunt demefne ou conferment Forfpris lafranchife ore de novell grauntee a les efcolers del univerfitee dOxenford et qe la Graunde Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte & toutz autres bons eftatutz avaunt ces heures faitz & nient rcpellcz eftoient en lour force..

FIRST, That holy. Church have all her- Liberties and Franchifes; (2.) and. that all the;

‘ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and other the King’s •

‘ liege People, having-. Liberties and Franchifes, and ‘ all Cities and Boroughs of the Realm, have and en-‘ joy their Liberties, and Franchifes, which they have ‘ of the Grants of the Progenitors of our Lord the ‘ King, and of his own Grant or Confirmation, except ‘ the Franchife now late granted to the Scholars of the . ‘‘ Univerfity- of Ox. nford; (3) and that the. Great c‘ Charter, and the Charter of the Foreft, and all other.

‘ good Statutes made before this Time, and not rc—

‘ pealed,.ftand in their Force.5.

C-'A.PL

472 C. 2—5.

Anno nono Henrici IV

A. D. 1407

CAP. II.

Kendal Cloth lhall not be fealed, nor Aulnage paid for it.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

j H. 4. c. 19. TTEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe null drap appellez Kendale dount la dufzeine ne pafle vis. viij d. de ifo/b1” Prr3Cvllied -*■ null feal du Roy de aulnage petit ne graunt foit aucunement enfeale ne aulnage ent paie Et.qe les poffef-c7i6.7 ^3C' *’ lours des tielx draps purront mefmes les draps nient enfealez franchement vendre faunz riens ent forsfaire au 39 El. e. 20. Roy non obftant aucun eftatut ou ordinance fait a contrair.

But jet 11	12	IV, 3. c. 20. •which takes away Aulnage Dut 'us.

CAP. III.

Felons in South Wales lhall be taken, or the Country lhall fatisfy for their Offences.

21 J3C> !• T T E M touchant les felonies & robberies faitz deinz aucune Seignurie de South-Gales ordeignez eft & X eftabliz qe les gentz du paiis ou les felons font neez recettez ou demurrantz prendront les ditz felons & les amefneront al gaole de mefme la paiis ou ils ferront prifes ou autrement foient ils chargez & facent fatif-fadlion de les felonies & robberies fuifditz a les parties & ce par lordinaunce & agard del Seignur de mefrrie le Seignurie.

CAP. IV.

Difclaimer in Felony in Wales lhall be utterly excluded and put out.

See 27 H. S.

26. concerning

IT EM, it is ordained and eftablilhed. That no Thief nor Felon in Wales, openly known, be luffered to difclaim out of the Seigniory where the Felony was done, and that fuch Manner of difclaim-ing be utterly put out; (2) and that as well the faid Thieves openly known, as other Thieves, be put to anfwer, as privy to the Indictments or Accufements in the fame Seigniories where the Thieves be taken, without being delivered by difclaiming, or by Letters of Mark in any Manner.’

be Laves to le ujed in Wales.

CAP.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe nul laron ne felon en Gales overtement conuz ne foit fuffert pur defclaimer hors del Seignurie ou la felonie fuift fait & qe tiel manere de defelayme foit de tout ouftiez Sc qe fibien les ditz larons overtement conuz come autres larons foyent mys a refpoundre come privez as enditementz ou accufementz en mefmes les Seignuries ou les larons font prifes fanz eftre deliverez par difelaymer ou par lettres de marche en aucune manere.

V.

Lords of .ancient Demefn, or Mayors, &c. named Diffeifors in Aflife, to take away their

Franchife.

Add—^Before the yujlices ojjign • rd in Plea of Land•

“ T TEM, Whereas divers People do oftentimes fue “ X Aftifes of Novel dejfeifin, or other Writs of Plea “ of Land * at the Common Law, of Lands, Tene-“ ments, and Rents being within franchifed Towns, “ and ancient Demefn, againft certain Perfons, and “ caufe to be named alfo in th ir faid Aflifts and “ Writs the Mayor and Bailiffs, and Commonalty of “ the Franchifes, and the Lords and Bailiffs within “ ancient Demefn aforefaid, whereas of Truth they <c be not Diffeifi'ors, nor Tenants of the faid Lands, “ Tenements, or Rents fo being in Plea, but named by Collufion and Fraud, to bar and exclude the faid “ Mayors, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and the faid <c Lords and Bailiffs of ancient Demefne, .of their “ Franchifes and .Liberties, Cognifance, and Jurif-“ didtion of their Court before them ‘ (2) it is or-‘ dained and eftablilhed. That in fuch Aflifes or ‘ Writs purchafed or fued from henceforth, or at this ‘ prefent depending betwixt any Parties before any ‘ fuch Juftices at tlie Common Law, in which fuch ‘ Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or Lords or c Bailiffs of ancient Demefne be named, that the fame * Juftices fhall firft inquire by the faid Aflife in the ‘ Country, whether the faid Mayor, Bailiffs, and ‘ Commonalty, or Lords or Bailiffs of ancient Dc-‘ mefne (if they require it before fuch Juftices) be 2

J TEM come diverfez gentz fuont fovent foitz i- aflifes de Novell diffeifme Si autres briefs de plee de terre devant Juftices aflignez en le plee de terre a le commune ley des terres tenementz & rentes efteantz deins villes franchifes & auncien demefne envers certains perfones & fount nomer auxint en lour ditz aflifez & briefs les mair baillifs Si comminalte des fraunchifes & les Seignurs Si baillifs dauncien demefme fuifditz ou ils ne font en verite difl’eilburs ne tenantz des ditz terres tenementz ou rentz iflint en plee efteauntz par collufion & fraude de voidre & excluder les ditz mair baillifs & comminalte & les ditz Seignurs & baillifs dauncien demefne de lour fraunchifes li-bertees conifances & jurifdi&ions avoir de lour court devant eux Ordeignez eft & eftabliz qen tielx aflifes ou briefs purchafezou fuez defore ena-vaunt ou a prefent pendantz parentre queconqes perfones devant aucunes tiels Juftices a le comune ley es queux tielx mair baillifs comminaltee Seignurs ou baillifs dauncien demefne foient nomez qe les ditz juftices primes enquergent par la dite affile en paiis ft les ditz mair baillifs comnnmaltee Seignurs ou baillifs dauncien demefne ce domaundent

^	devant

A. D. 1407.	Anno	nono	Kenrici IV,	C.	6,	7.	473

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. devant tielx Juftices fils foient diffeifours ou tenantz en tiel cas ou foient nomes par collufion Si fraude come defuis eft dit. Et fi trove foit qils roe font mye diffeifours ne tenantz des ditz terres tenementz ou rentz eins acquitez devant mefmes les Juftices Si trovez qils font nomes par collufion & frauds en la forme fuifdite qen tiel cas ks ditz Juftices facent abater & cafifer les ditz briefs ou brief daffifes & autres briefs purchafes en la forme fuifdit et qe les ditz pleintifs ou pleintif foient & foit en. la greve mercy le Roy noun obftaunt qe autres diiTeiiours ou tenantz foient nomez & trovez en tielx aflifes ou briefs.

CAP. VI.

A Repeal of the Statute of 7 Hen. 4. cap. 10. touching the Length and Breadth of Cloth

of Ray.

TTEM come en leftatut fait au parlement tenuz a-Weftm’ lan feptifme noftredit Seignur leRoy ordeignez OB.

-**- eftoit & effrabliz qe les draps' de ray conterieroient en longure xxviii. aulnes mefurez par le lift et en laieure nH' c- 6 fi. quarters et ft les feifours des ditz draps feroient deflors dour draps de meindre longure ou laieure qe mef- 1 I' mes les feifours forfacent les drans queux ferront trovez par launeoure de meindre longure ou laieure come en ei. c’. if Ie dit eftatut pluis pleinement eft contenuz Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confideraunt le <tit eftatut en partie trop 4 Jac. 1. c. 2. grevous Si damageous de ladvis & aflent des Seignurs & a lefpecial requeft des ditz communes ad ordeignez Si eftablizqe lesfefours des ditz draps de ray & les vendours dicelles foient auxi frankes en les fefour & vent dicelles come ils feurent devant le dit parlement tenuz a Weftm’ & qe le dit eftatut fait en le dit parlement touchant cell matier foit de tout caffez Sc adnullez Sc de null force ne value a touz jours. Et outre ce noftre dit Seignur le Roy de fa grace efpecialc ad pardonez a les ditz fefours des draps de ray Sc les vendours dicelles la forfaiture Si tout ce qe a luy appertient ou en aucune manere purra appertiner par cell enchefon.

£. Diffcifors or Tenants in that Cafe, or be named by c Collufion and Fraud, as afore is Laid. (3) And if it Enforced by 8 H, c be found that they be notDifleiffbrs, nor Tenants ofa. c. 26. c the faid Lands, Tenements, or Rents, but acquit c before the fame Juftices, and found that they be c name 1 by Collufion and Fraud in the Form afore-c faid, That in fuch Cafe the Juftices (ball caufe the c faid Writs of Afiifes, or other Writs purchafed in e the Form aforefaid, to be abated and adnulled ; (4) e and that the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be in ‘ grievous Mercy of the King, notwithftanding that ‘ other Tenants or Diffeifors be named or found in c fuch Aflifes or Writs.’

C. A P. . VII.

Goods fhall be chargeable for the Payment of the Qainzime, where they were at the Time

when the fame was granted.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe toutz maners des foreins eiantz terres tenementz beftes biens ou chateuz deins aucuns villes al jour del graunt iafeune difme ou quinzii’me ou dautre taxe que-conqe combien qils amefnent lour beftes ou em-portent lours biens & chateux hors dicell ville apres le jourde graunt fuifdit qe mefmes les foreins Sc chefcun de eux foient & foit contributours & contributor ovefqe ceux demurrantz en tielx villes a chefcun tiel difme xvmc ou taxe queconqe. Et qe les coillours de mefme la difme quinzifme ou taxe pur le temps efteantz deinz tielx villes eient poair par audtorite de lour office de taxer & affefler tielx foreins folonc lour quantite de lour biens chateux & pollcffions efteantz es ditz villes a les jours des grauntz dicelles difme quinzifme ou taxe & pur les fommes as queux ils ferront affeflez ou taxez diftreindre en queconqe lieu deins le counte fibien devaunt qe noftre Seignur le Roy foit refpon-duz de les entiers fommes qateignent as tielx villes come apres. Purveux toutz foitz qe nul home ne femme foit chargez deux foitz pur null tielx beftes he chateux aucunement par ceile enchefon.

11 TTEM, It is ordained and' eftabliftied, That all 1 Ed. 3. c JL Manner of Foreigners having Lands, Tenements, c-6-c * Goods, and Chatties, within any Towns at the#,^ Suf.s, c Day of Grant of any Difme or Shiinzhne. or of any e other Tax whatlocver, although they lead away c their Beafts, or carry away their Goods and Chatties c out of the fame Town after the Day of the faid ‘ Grant, that the fame Foreigners, and every of them,

‘ fhall be contribs tory with the Inhabitants of fuch 6 Towns to fuch Difme, Fifteen, or Tax whatfoevef.

‘ (2) And that the Collectors of the fame Difme, fhiiil-c znne or Tax for the Time being, within fuch Towns,

‘ fhall have Power by Authority of their Office to ‘ tax and afl'efs fuch Foreigners according to the Quan-c tity of their Goods, Chatties, and Poifeffions, being ‘ in the faid Tov/ns at the Days of the Grant of the ‘ faid Difme, Sfinzime or Tax, (3) and for the Sums ‘ whereto they he affelTed or taxed, to diftrain in every ‘ Place within the County, as well before that our faid ‘ Lord the King be anfwered of the whole Sums that 5 attain to fuch Towns, as after. (4) Provided always, None EnsB be e That no Man nor Woman be two Times charged charged c for any fuch Beafts, Goods, nor Chatties, in any:o‘ h,s (-'ood*’ * wife by occafion thereof.

Ppp

Vol. L

C A P.

A. D. 1407.

474 C. 8—10.	Anno	nono	Henrici IV.

CAP. VIII.

The carrying of Money out of" the Realm to the Court of Rom prohibited ; and all Statutes againft Provifors, and Tranflation of Archbifhopricks, &Y. confirmed.

,	Ex	Rot. in Turr. Loud.

x '	T	T EM noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant coment en diverfes manors la monoye de fon Roiaume dEn-

X gleterre eft traihez hors dicell a la court de Rome en efchaunge par provifours pur provifions purchaifcr de lappciftoill & tranflations de Erchevefchies & Evefchies a trefgraunt empoveriffement de fon dit Roiaume ad ordeignez & eftabliz par kffent fuifdir qe toutz les eftatutz & ordinances faitz encountre provifours tranflations des Erchevefchies & Evefchies lour executours procuratours notoirs fautours maintenours & recep-tours fibien en le temps Seignur E. nadegairs Roy dEngleterre & en temps du R. darrain Roy dEngleterre come en temps de noftre dit Seignur le Roy qoreft ove toutz les peins & additions a yceux foient deforena-Set 9 II.fiat, vant firmement tenuz & gardez en toutz pointz la moderation des eftatutz avauntditz a noftre dit Seignur - c 9< le Roy avaunt ces heures fait non obftant.

CAP. IX.

.ejections to fpiritual Promotions fhall be free, and not interrupted by the Pope or the King.

AlteieS *5 H, <	*	ND	that	from	henceforth all the Elections of all

‘	Archbifhopricks,	Bifho	pricks,	Abbies,	Prio-

Add Fkaiuc. £ ries, Deanries, and other Dignities *, or any other •f Not m Gng. <■ Elefiions.-f, be free,, without being in any wife inter-‘ rupted by the (aid Pope, or by Commandment of our ‘ faid Sovereign Lord the King. Provided always, That ‘ our faid Sovereign Lord the King have as freely his ‘ Liberties and Prerogatives, as any of his noble Pro-‘ genitors hath had before this Time, and as he him-‘ feIf had at the Time of the making of this Statute.’

ET qe toutz les eledlions des toutz Erchevefchies Evefchies Abbeies Priories Deanes ou autres dignites electives qiconques foient deforena-vaunt frankes fanz eftre en nulle manere deftour-biez par lappoftoill avauntdit ou par maundement de noftre dit Seignur le Roy. Purveux toutz foitz qe noftre dit Seignur le Roi eit auxi franchement. fez libertee & prerogatiff come aucune de fes nobles progenitours ad eue devant ces heures 011 come luy mefmes ad a cell temps de fefance de cell eftatut.

C A P. X.

A Pardon granted by the King to all that have purchased Provifions, or Tranflations to

Archbifhopricks, Bilhopricks, &c.

ZX Pi. XT' T outre ceo mefme noftre Seignur le Roy ad pardonez & pardon a toutz yceux qount purchafez pro-XL/ vilions ou tranflations des Erchevefchies ou Evefchies purchafes & executz ou nient executz devant ycefl primier jour de Decembr’ & toutz lour procuratours notoirs fautours & executours toutz maneres des-trefpaffes contemptes forfaitures & mefprifions par eux ou aucuns deux faitz entour la dit purchafe ency qils purront en apres lour grace mettre en lexecution iibien par eux mefmes come par lour procuratours no— toirs & executours avauntditz.

E' T ideo tibi precipimus quod ftatim vifis prefeniibus flatuta & ordinationes predidla in fingulis locis infra j ballivam tuam ubi magis expediens fucrit & nccefTe publice ex parte noftra proclamari & notiftcari ac quantum in te efl nrmiter & inviolabiliter teneri & obfervari’ facias juxta tenorem eorundem Et hoc nulia-tenus ornittas. T. R. apud Weflm’ primo die Februarii anno nono.

Statutes made at: Weftminfter, Ai

Dom.

“ T 'h Y the Advice and AfTent of the Lords Spiri-“	tual	and	Temporal,	and at the Requefl, In-

“ -E—>’ fiance, and Suit of the Commons, being in “ the Parliament holden at lVeftnnnJlery in the Eif-“ teenth of St. IliI ary, the Eleventh Year, of the “ Reign of King Henry the Fourth ; the fame our “ Lord the King hath ordained divers Statutes and Or-dinanccs in the Form as followeth.f

no x.1 Hen. IV'. and. Anno-409.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 10.

E ladvys & allent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a les graundcs inflance & prier des. communes eflcantz en le parlor ment tenuz a Weflm’ en la quinfzeine de Seint Hiller lan del regne noflre Seignur le Roy unf-zifme mefme noflre Seignur le Roy ad ordeignez-& eftabliz diverfes ordeignances & eftatutz en la forme qcnfuyte,.

• C A’ R.

A. D. 1409,

Anno undecmio Henrici IV.

C. 1—3.	4	75

CAP. I.

The Penalty on a Sheriff for making an untrue Return of the Eleiflion of the Knights of

Parliament.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

PRimerement come en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan da regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy feptifme ordennez fuit & eftabliez par eftatut en confervation de les franchifes Sc libertees del election des chivalers de countees ufez parmy le Roialme certeine forme & manere de la eledlion de tielx chivalers come en le dit eftatut pluis pleine-ment eft contenuz & partant qen melme leftatut nul peine fuit ordeigne ne mys en efpeciale fur les vifcontz des countees fils ferroient afcuns re-tournes a contrair de mefme leftatut ordeigne eft Sc eftablie qe les Juftices as aflifes prendre aient poair denquer en lour feflions des aflifes de tielx retournes faitz et fi par enqueft & due examination trovee foit devaunt mefmes les Juftices qe afcun tiel vifcont ait fait ou face en apres afcun retourne encontre la tenure du dit eftatut qe mefme le vifcont encourge la peyne de C li. a paiers a noftre dit Seignur le Roy. Et outre ceo qe les chivalers des countees enfi nient duement retournez perdent lour gages du parlement dancien temps acuftumez.

H. 6. c, 2.	23 //. 6. c. 10.

Geo, 2. c. 2S. and 31 Geo. 2.

27 If. S. e. 26.	^5	H,	8.	c.	11.	7

c. 14. for the due £Ieflion of Knights of

FIRST, Whereas in the Parliament holden at? fI-4- c' I5' TVeJinmiJier, the Seventh Year of the Reign ofR ' c' 7> our faid Lord the King, there was ordained and eftablifhed by a Statute for the Prefervation of Me Liberties and Franchifes of the Eledtion of the Knights of the Shire ufed through the Realm, a certain Form and Manner of the Eledtion of fuch Knights, as in the faid Statute more fully is contained ; (2) and forafmuch as in the fame Statute no Penalty was ordained or limited in fpecial upon the Sheriffs of the Counties, if they make any Returns to the contrary o ’ the fame Statute 4 (3) it is ordained and ftabliihed, That the Juftices af-figned to take Aflifes, fhall have Power to inquire in their Seflions of Aflifes of fuch Returns made; (4) and if it be found by Inqueft, and due Examination before the fane Juftices, that any fuch Sheriff hath made,"or hereafter make, any R.eturn contrary to the Tenor of the faid Statute, that then the fame Sheriff fhall incur the Penalty of One hundred Pounds to be 1 H. 5. c. * paid to our Lord the King ; (5) and moreover, that6 H c the Knights of the Counties fo unduly returned, fhall lofe their Wages of the Parliament, of ol!

Time accuftomed.’	oe: .

ts%yy. 3. c. 4, 7, 6? 25. laAnti. c. 23. Ann. flat. I. c. 5,	18

the Shires. _	* Read 14 ■»

CAP. II.

No common Hoftler fhall be a Cuftomer, Comptroller, or Searcher.

TTEM ordeinez eft &'eftabliez qe null homme qi tient commune hofterye en afcune citee ou burgh dEngleterre foit cuftumer controullour tro-nour ou fercheour noftre dit Seignur le Roy & ceo pur efchuer les damages Sc perde qent purront avenir par le favour qe tielx communes hofciliers purront ou voillent faire as marchauntz & autres lour holies en lour offices deffuifditz.

4 ITEM, It is ordained and ftabliihed, That no 4 -*L Man which holdeth a common Hoftry in any 4 Cicy or Borough of England, fhall be a Cuftomer,

4 Comptroller, Finder % nor Searcher of the faid Lord1 Tromur.

4 the King; (2) and that to efehew the Damage and 4 Lofs, which thereof may happen, by the Favour 4 that fuch common Hoftlers may or will do to Mer-4 chants and other their Guefts in their faid Offices.’ Enforced h '-o

Hi 6. c. 5.

C A P. III.

Records fhall not be amended or impaired after Judgement inrolled.

ITEM ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qe Juftices des aflifes par commiflion noftre Seignur le Roy en fes countees de Roialme aprendre aflignez Sc aflig-ners deforenavant facent deliverer pleinement en trcforie noftre dit Seignur le Roy toutz les recordes de les aflifes de novel! difleifine de mordaunceftre & des certifications ove toutz les appurtenances Sc appendances devaunt eux determinez chefcune fe-cunde an apres qe le pice ent foit determine & juggement rendu fanz pluis delaie. Et qe les recordes Sc les proceffes des plees realx Sc perfonelx i Sc daflifes de novell difleifine dc mortdaunceftre & certifications Sc dautres dont juggement foit renduz Sc enrollez ou chofe touchant tielx plees ne foient cn afcune manere amendez ne empeirez par novel entre des clerks ou par record ou chofe certifier ou tefmoigner ou commandement dafeun Juftice qiconqe en null terme apres qe tiel juggement en tielx pises foit donez Sc enrollez.

4 T EE M, It is ordained and ftabliihed. That the Juftices of Affile 4 X Juftices afligned, and to be afligned, to take Af- "lali de!;-.er into 4 files by Commiflion of our Lord "the King in the,-hE 4 Counties^ of the Realm, from henceforth fhall caufe/jfeJ^Veveiv

4 to be delivered fully in the King’s Treafury, all thefficoni Year.'

4 Records of Aflifes of Novel diffeijin, of Mortdmicejler, 9 Ed. 3- r-4 and of Certifications, wiih all the Appurtenancesc' 5‘

4 and Appendances before them determined, every fe-4 cotid Year, that the Plea thereof be determined, and 4 Judgement given without more Delay. (2) And •

4 that the Records and Procefs of Pleas real and. per- •

4 fonal, and of Aflifes of Novel diffeijin, or Moriduv-4 cefter, and Certifications, and of" others, whereof 4 Judgement is given and inrolled, or Things'tone 4 ing fuch Plea, fhall in no wife be amended nor im— •

4 paired by new entering of the Clerks, or by the 4 Record or Thing certified in Witnefs or Gom-4 mandment of any Juftice, in no Term after that 4 fuch Judgement in fuch Pleas is given and inrolled.-’

Ppp 2	CAP,

C. 4—6

Anno undecimo Henrici IV.

A. D. 1409,

47<

CAP. IV.

He that playeth at unlawful Games prohibited by the Statute of 12 Rich. 2. c. 6. fhall be

fix Days imprifoned.

Rep. J3 H. S.

c. 9.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud.

T TEM come en leftatut fart a Cantebr’ lan du regne le Roy Richard feconde dufzifme entre autres chofes 1 accorde eftoit &c ailentuz qc les fervantz & laborers de hufbandrye & laborers Si fervantz des artificers & des vitelers aient arkes Si fetes Si les ufent les Dymenges & jours de feftes & leflent toutoutrement les jeues as pelotes fibien a main come a pee & les autres jeues appellez coites dices gettre de peer kayles & autres tielx jeues importunes et qe les vifcontz mairs baillifs & coneftables aient poair darefter toutz les contre-venantz come en le dit eftatut eft contenuz plus au plein Noftre Seignur le Roy voet qe le dit eftatut foit fermement tenuz & gardez Adjouftez a ycel! qe chefcun tiel laborer ou fervantqe face a contraire de mefme leftatut ait emprifonement de vi. jours. Et aient les mairs & vifcontz ou les mairs & baillifs des citees & burghs Si les coneftables en autres villes poair de mettre celt eftatut en execution de temps en temps Et fils ne facent ent execution paient au Roy les mairs & vifcontz ou les mairs & baillifs defuil'ditz pur chefcun lour dcfaute xxs. Et les coneftables ou coneftablede chelcune ville qi ne facent ou face autiele execution de cell: eftatut paient & paie au Roy a chefcun lour dcfaute vis. viiid. Et aient les Juftices des aflifes poair den-quere en ceo cas en lour feifions de temps en temps de les contrariantz de cell eftatut & dent certifier en la Chanceries

CAP. V.

Gaily Half-pence fhall not be current in Payment in this Realm.

OB.	TTEIVT	pur	ceo	qe	les	Galyhalpenys	courgent	communement en le Roialme pur paiement en derogation

de le corone noftre Seignur le Roy h en grande deceit de la commune poeple ordeinez eft & eftabliz qe les ditz Galihalpenyes jammes ne courgent en paiement ne en autre manere deinz le Roiaulme dEngle-terre fur peyne de forfaiture dycelles Si enouter qe les Galihalpenyes en quy maines qils foient trovez deinz le dit Roialme foient forfaitz a noftre dit Seignur le Roy 2pres les deux moys profcheins enfuantz la proclamation de cell eftatut. Et outre ceo voet mefme noftre Seignur le Roy qe toutz les eftatutz & ordinances faitz devant ces heures par luy ou par ces nobles progenitours nient repellez fibien de la moneye dEfcoce come de la moneye des aultres Roialmes h parties de pardeia le meer foient tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution.

CAP. VI.

Cloths fhall not be tacked and plaited together before the Aulneger hath fet his Seal to them.

7	H. 4. io* T T E M come par leftatut fait lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy feptifme ordeinez eftoit qe chefcun What to be un- _i court drap fait deinz le Roialme tiendroit par affife. la longure de xxviij. verges par le crefte & chefcun derftood by the ju{]'ejnc c[e drap. la longure de xiiij. verges par le creft & les rayes contiegnerent en longure par le lifte thi°rAa*te	rnefurez mefme la longure ceftaffavoir le drap entier xxviij. verges & le dulieine xiiij. verges et certeir.es

ii H. 6. c. 9. perfones daulneurs a cco affignez parmy le Roialme preignantx lour charge en lefeheker de bien & loial-ment fanz fraude fercher & furveier tielx maneres. draps & dufteins qe chefcun de eux en fa nature tiendroit fa longure & laeure come leftatut fuifdit requiert eiantz yceux aulneours poair & audlorite depar noftre dit Seignur le Roy de faire duement lour dit office Si de enfealer ove le feal al office fuifdit affigne toutz les draps & dufteins fuifditz teignantz lour longure Si laeure daffife fuifdite parenfi qe le poeple fanz doute purroit eftre feure qe par le garrant dicell enleallure les draps & dufteins fuifditz teignerent lour longure Si laeure folonc la forme del eftatut fuifdit noun obftant quell eftatut certeines gentz & principal-men t en les parties de Weft faifantz tielx maneres draps queux neteignent 1 affife de lour mefure fuifdit atixibien en rayes come en plain drap Si en efpeciale ou le court drap duift tenir la longure de xxviij.. verges il ne tient qe xxiij. verges Si lou le duflein de drap duift tenir xiiij. verges il ne tient qe xj. verges Si pur ccncder yceft deceit de mefure les fuifditz gentz enfi faifantz tielx draps & dufteins les facent pliter & takker enfemtle maintenant apres qils foient faitz et qant les aulneours veient ceux draps enfi takkez enfemble ils les enfealent fanz faire pluis de ferche ou furveu de mefure dycell a grande difeeit & arrerifle-ment fibien as Seignurs come as communes del Roialme Noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant les mefehiefs fuifditz & veulant fur ceo purvoier de remede del advys Si afient des Seignurs fuifditz St a la requefte des ditz communes ad ordeignez & eftabliez qe un novell feal eiar.t figne & merche differentz de laun-r ien feal de dit office de launeour foit fait & delivere a les aulneours fuifditz & qe apres qe mefme le feal enfy de novell affaire foit delivere a9 ditz aulneours proclamation foit fait overtement en les ditz parties de Weft St aillours parmy le Roialme qe null perfone faifant tielx maneres draps & dufteins en mefme les parties de Weft naillours deinz le Roialme dEngleterre foit ft hardy de takker & pliter emfemble tielx ma-j) R. 2. flat. 1. neres draps devant qe laulneour eit fait fon ferche Sc furveu duement de yceux draps qils tiegnent lour; *• **■	longure & laeure ordeignes par le dit eftatut fur peine de forfaiture dycell et qe le dit aulneour apres ceo*

metter

A. D. 1409.	Anno	undecimo	Henrici	IV.	C. 7—9.	477

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond.

mette le dit novel feal de fon office as tielx mancres draps & duffeins favant toutfoitz qe les draps St duff ieins de colour & de ray queux font enfealez ovec launcien feal fuifdit avant la proclamation faite puifl'ent avoir lour cours delire venduz fanz afeun impediment empefehement ou diftreinte fur eux affaire par ies ditz aulneours ou afeun autre officer parenter le jour du dite proclamation et le fefte de feient Pere ad vincula profehein avenir. Et en cas qe afeun aulneour en faifant fon dit office face le contrair de cell eflatutThe Penalty on Sc de ceo foit duement atteint qal primier foitz qil ferra iffint atteint il perde x li. St al feconde foitz xx li.an Aulnegerfor a levers St paiers a nolire dit Seignur le Roy de toutz fes terres St tenementz biens St chateux en qi mains qils foient St al terce foitz fon corps areftuz St toutz fes biens & chateux a la volunte du Roy. Et outer y‘ ceo voet mefme noftre Seignur le Roy qe celuy qi vorra fuir pur le Roy ou pur luy mefmes eit la fuite dat-teindre tiel aulneour enfi faifant a contrair de cell ellatut et ait mefme le purfuant pur fon travail la quart -partie de la peine de x li. ou xx li. defuifditz folonc ceo qe le cas aviendra favant as Seignurs St autres lour ,, h. 6. c. o. franchifes ft afeuns y aient en ceo cas.	obf. By uSfn

IV. 3. c. 20. whUb tabs awaj Auhage Duties

CAP. VII.

Merchant Strangers Hull pay the Cuftoms, &c. granted to the King by the Commons for Cloth cut in Pieces, or Garments, proportionably after the Rate of a whole Piece.

ITEM par la ou noftre dit Seignur le Roy cn ad la cuftume St fubfide en la forme contenue en la graunteE jj y, de fes communes Si entre' autres de chefcun drap de fcarlet St autre drap dentier grayn unc certeine cuftume ore eft il enfi qe ccrteins marchantz aliens en la Citee de Loundres et en autres villes demurrantz ount pris St teignont graundes hoftielx St meaifons en les queles ils font foie inheritantz St achatent afeun foitz come en un an mill ou ii. mill draps de blanket fyne ou pluis St les font teintrere de lour grayn demesne en fcarlet ou fangwyne St en autres colours dentier grayn ou de demy grayn St puis font trencher tielx draps a petites peces de v. ou vj. verges ou de plpis ou de meins St ent fount diverfes garnementes St les empackent en lour ditz hoftielx St en mefmes les packes fotilment empackent layn fyn or St argent en plate St afeun foitz ils mettent tielx layn or St argent en barelx & autres veffelx Sc les amefnent hors du Roialme fanz afeun cuftume ou fubfide paier pur ycell defoutz le colour de tielx garnementz iffint faitz par caufe qe tielx garnementz ne font pas cuftumables et iffint noflre dit Seignur le Roy par tielx marchantz aliens enfi en lour hoftielx folement demurrantz eft de jour en autre grandement de fes cuftume St fubfide defraude St defeeua grande damage St prejudice de luyen cell partie Ordeignez eft St eltabliz qe toutz marchantz aliens deforenavant paient les fubfide St cuftume fibien pur tielx garnementz folonc lafferant ceftaffavoir fi iiij..

011 v. ou vi. tielx garnementz ccnteignent un drap dejitier grayn qadonqes ils paient la cuftume & fubfide come pur un drap de fcarlet entier fi meyns meyns St fi pluis pluis come auxi des draps graynez St toutz autres draps de layn. Et outre ceo accordez eft St affentuz en le dit parlement qe commiffions foient faitz as certeines perfones denquer fi les dilz aliens aient riens fait ou attemptez a contrair de les eftatutz devant ces heures faitz en ceo cas St dent certefier en la Chauncerie noftre Seignor le Roy.

CAP. VIII.

The Lord Chancellor fhall fend the Eftreats of Exchanges taken of Merchants into the

Exchequer every fifteen Days.

ITEM come en leftatut fait a Weftm’ lan xiiij. le Roy Richard feconde ordeignez foit St eftabliz qeoF.

pur chefeune efehaunge qe delors ferroit fait par merenantz a la court de Rome ou aillours qe les ditz 14 R. 2. c- av merchandes foient firmement St furement liez en la chancellarie dachatter deinz trois moifes .apres la dite efehange fait merchandifes de leftaple come layns quirs pealx lanutz plumbe ou eftain bureformage draps ou. autres commoditees de la terr.e a la value dc la fomme iffint efehaunge fur forfaiture dycell ordeignez eft St eftabliez qe le dit eftatut foit fermement tenuz St gardez St mys en due execution Adjouftant a ycell qe le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant de quinfzeine' en quinfzeine envoie les extretes des briefs defehange en lefeheker noftre Seignur le Roy et qe les Treforer St Barons du dit Efcheker aient poair par auftorite de paiTment dexaminer les cuftumers en ceo cas St de punir ceux qi ferront trovez coupables tn-contre la forme du dit eftatut folonc la contenue dycell.

CAP. IX.

Jurors in Indictments fhall be returned by the Sheriff, or Bailiffs, without the Denomination,,,^.

of any.	»• ?s-

J	■2S.EJ. I. c. 9.!

c: T TEM, Becaufe that now of late Inquefts were^. Ed. 3!	4^’

“ A taken at JPit/hmrtfter, of Perfons named to tlip42 Ed. 3. e. m„ “ Juftices, without due Return of the Sheriff, of11 n-7- c-24. “ which Perfons fome were outlawed before the faid„ 'j1*'

<£ Juftices of Record, and feme fled to Sanctuary forcj0 qJ'

Treafon,3 lnft, 32, 33V

Il ft M pur ceo qe ore tarefe enqueites feurent prifez a Weftm’ des perfones as Juflices deno-mez faunz due rctourne de vifeont des queux perfones afeuns furent utlagez devant les ditz Juftices de record St afeuns fuez al feintewarie pur trefon St

47§ C. i,

Anno decimo tertio Henrici IV.

A. D. 1411,

“ Trcafon, and fome for Felony, thereto have Re-“ fuge, by whom as well many Offenders were indidt-“ ed, as other lawful liege People of our Lord the M King, not guilty, by Confpiracy, Abettment, and cc falfe Imagination of other Perfons, for their fpecial e< Advantage and fingular Lucre, again!! the Courfe of “ the Common Law ufed and accuftomed before this “ Time;” ‘ (2) our faid the Lord the King, for the

5	greater Eafe and Quietnefs of his People, will and

6	graliteth, That the fame Indictment fo made, with ‘ all the Dependence thereof, be revoked, adnulled, 5 void, and holden for none for ever; (3) and that c from henceforth no Indictment be made by any fuch ‘ Perfons, but by Inquefts of the King's lawful liege ‘ People, in the Manner as was ufed in the Time of ‘ his noble Progenitors, returned by the Sheriffs or ‘ Bailiffs of Franchifes, without any Denomination to

Jones 198. c the Sheriffs or Bailiffs of Franchifes before made by ‘ any Perfon of the Names which by him fliould be ‘ empanelled, except it be by the Officer of the faid ‘ Sheriffs or Bailiffs of Franchifes, fworn and known, ‘ to make the fame, and other Officers to whom it ‘ pertaineth to make the fame, according to the Law Sec farther for tie ‘ of England. (4) And if any Indictment be made Qualification and ‘ hereafter in any Point to the contrary, that the fame df.c-iTiTtf C Indictment be alfo void, revoked, and for ever holden y.'f.zi. \li.S. ‘ for none.’

c- 3- SH.8.C.5. 23#. 8. c. 13. 35 H. 8. c. 6. zjEl.c.6. 2 if 3 Ed. 6. f. 32. 4 & 7*	^	Gjc.	z.	c.	37.	24	Geo*	2.	s. 18. fee. z. and 29 Geo, 2, c. 19- fee, 1,

Ex Rot. in Turf. Lond. afeuns pur felonie pur illoeqes avoir refuyte -par queux iibien plufours miffaifours eftoient enditez come autres loialx lieges noftre Seignur le Roy nient coupables par confpiracie abbettement & faux yma-gination dautres perfones pur lour efpeciale avan-tage & lucres propres encontre la cours de la commune ley avant ces heures ufez Sc accuftumez noftre dit Seignur le Roy pur greindre eafe & quiete de fon poeple voet Si graunte qe mefme lenditement iffint fait ovefqe touiz les dependences dicell foit jrevokez adnullez voide et tenuz pur null pur toutz ■jours & qe deforenavant null .enditemer.t foit fait par afeuns tielx perfones einz par enqueftes des loialx lieges noftre dit Seignur le Roi en inanere . come fuit ufe en temps de fes nobles progenitours ’ par les vifeounts ou uaillifs des franchifes duement 'retournez fanz afeune manere denomination as dicz vifeontz ou baillifs de franchifes devant fait par af-j cune perfone des nouns queux ferront par luy em-panellez fil ne foit par les miniftres des ditz vif-j contz ou baillifs de franenifes a ceo faire jurrez & , commys Sc les autres miniftres as queux ll apper-tient de ceo faire folonc la ley dEngleterre. Et fi ! afeun enditement foit fait en temps avenir en afeune manere a contraire foit mefme lenditement auxint ' voide adnullez revokez Sc tenuz pur null a toutz (jours.

5 IK Cjf M. c. 24. 7 £f 8 JV* 3. c. 32. 3 Geo. z. c. 26. 4. Geo. 2. c•

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 13 Hen. IV. and Anno

Derm. 1411.

*c f gp\HE Tuefdtiy being on the Morrow of Ail Souls, the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of “ A our Lord King Henry the Fourth, the fame ‘ ‘ our Lord the King, by the Advice and Affent of the c‘ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the Requeft “ of the Commons being in the faid Parliament holden “ at IVeJlminJhr, hath caufed to be ordained and fta-tc blifhed divers Statutes and Ordinances in Form as “ followeth.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Load. m. 9.

MArefdy lendemayn des alines Ian du regne noftre Seignur le Roy trefzifme mehne noftre Seignur le Roy de ladvis Si affent des Seignursefpirituelx & temporelx & a la'req'ueft des Communes efteantz en fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ fift ordeigner Sc eftablir diverfes ordinances & eftatutz en la fourme qenfeute.

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of all Liberties, faving a Franchife granted to the Scholars of Oxford.

* and that 4 all the Lords c Spiritual and c ‘Temporal^ and ( other Liege Men of the King) hav* * ing Liberties and 6 Franchifes, c

9 H. 4. c. i. ‘

FIrft, That holy Church have all her Liberties] and Franchifes*, (2) and all the Cities and Boroughs of the Realm have and enjoy all their] Liberties and Franchifes, which they have of the. Grant of our Lord the King’s Progenitors, or of his1 own Grant or Confirmation, except the Franchife now late granted to the Scholars of the Univerfity! of Oxenford; (3) and that the Great Charter, and! the Charter of the Foreft, and all other good Statutes' made before this Time, and not repealed, Hand in their Force.’	|

PRimierement qe feint efglife eit toutz fes liber-tees & franchifes Si qe toutz les Seignurs efpi-rituelx Sc temporelx Sc les autres liges du Rov eiantz libertees & franchifes & toutz les citees & burghs du Roialme eient & enjpient toutz leur libertees Si franchifes queux ils ount de graunte de les progenitours noftre dit Seignur le Roy & de fon graunte demefne ou conferment forfpris la franchife ore larde graunte a ,lefs efcolers de univerfite dOxen-ford ct qe la Ground Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte Sc toutz autres bones eftatutz avaunt ces hoeurcs fiiitz Sc nient repellcz eftoifent cn lour force.

C A P.

Anno cfccimo tertio Henrici IV,

C. 2 —4.	479

C A P. II.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 8 Rich. 2. cap. 2. touching Juftices of Affile and Gaol-delivery, for fo long as it lhal! pleafe the King.

Ex Rot. in E'urr. Lond.

IT E M ordeignez eft & eftabiis qc leftatut fait lan viij' le Roy Richard fecond en le quell fount con- exp.

tenuz les parols qenfeuent: ‘ ITEM concordatum eft Sc ftatutum quod nullus homo de lege fit dej3 H. S. 14,• ‘ cetero Juftiti rius affifarum vel communis dcliberationis gaolarum in propria patria fua et quod Capitalis ‘ Juffiiiarius de communi Banco affignetur inter alios ad hujufmodi aftifas capiend’ & gaolas deliberand’ fet * quoad Capitalem Jufticiarium de Banco Regis fiat ficut pro nvajori parte centum annorum proximo prete-‘ ntorum fieri confuevit’ foit tenuz & gardez nonobftant afcun eftatut ou ordinance fait a contraire. Et qe nul Chief Juftice de Banc le Roy foit afcunement en apres fait juftice as affifes prendre en afcun countc deinz le Roialme dEnglcterre forfpris en le counts de Lancaftre. Et qe cell: eftatut teigne force tancome y plerra au Roy pur la! vat ion dc fa prerogatif.

cap. in..

A Confirmation of feveral Statutes of 1 Hen. 4. cap. 7. 7 Hen. 4. cap. 12. C? 1 Rich. 2.

'	•	cap. 7„ touching giving and taking of Liveries.

ITEM come en leftatut fait-Ian primer noftre Seignur- le Roy qore eft ordeignez eftoifqe nu-1 ErcevefqeRepi 3.car. t.

Evefqe Abbe ne Priour ne nul autre homme de.feinte efglife ne temporel de quel eftat ou condition qilc. 4. ferroit dorroit aucune liveree de drap a nully mais foulement a fez meynalx Sc officers & a ceux qi font de lour confeil fibien efpirituelx come tcmporelx aprifez de lune ou autre loye fur peyn de faire fyn & rahnceon a la volente de Roy. Et puis apres en leftatut fait lan feptifme mcfme noftre Seignur le Roy ordeignez eftoit Sc eftabiiz qe fibien cel eftatut come leftatut de liverc des chaperons fait en temps du Roy Richard fecond foient fermement tenuz & gardez & mys en. due execution Adjoufte a icell qe ft afcun chivaier on aucun autre perfone de meyndre eftat doune aucune tiel liveree de drap ou des chaperons contre la fourme des ditz eftatutz qil encourge la peine de C s. pur chefcun tiele livere de drap ou des chaperons a paiers au Roy a tant des foita qil ferra la contraire de celle eftatut ou ordinance.. Et qe celuy qe refeeive aucune tiel livere de drap ou des chaperons encourge lemblablement la peyne de xls. a paiers au Roy come deffuis eft dit Sc ait celuy qi vorra fuir en ceo eas la moyte de tielx peines pur fon travaill et ne foient tielx peines aucunement pardonez. Et outre ceo qe nul congregation ne compaignie fe face de tiel liveree dc drap ou des chaperons as collages propres dicell congregation ou compaignie fur peine qe chefcun homme dicell congregation ou compaignie qi face ia contraire des ditz ordinances ou eftatut paie au Roy xl s. les glides Sc fraternitees Sc auxi les gens de miftier des citees Sc. burghs deinz le Roialme qi font fonduz ou ordeignez a bon entent & purpos tantfoulcmcnc exceptz. Et aient les Juftices as affifes prendre poair denquerer de temps en temps en lour feffions de les matiers iiiifditz &. de ceo certifier cn le Bank du Roy. Pourveuz toutesfoitz qen temps de guerre bien life as Scignurs chivalers Sc efquiers qi.travaiileronten tiel guerre de doner lour liveree de vefture ou des chaperons tielx c: en tiel guyfe come mielx leur femblera pur temps de tiel guerre fanz afeunemenr eftre moleftez ou enqiu’etez celle partie par force ou vertue du dit eftatut Noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant le dit eftatut molt profitable pur eafe & quiete de luy Sc de tout fon Roialme de lndvys & aflent des ditz Sei-gnurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx & a lefpeciale requeft des ditz Communes Voet & graunte qe les ditz eftatatz-toient tenuz Sc gardez fcamys en due execution folonc.les fourme & effect diceiles..	>

CAP. IV.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 7 Hen. 4. cap. 10. and ri Hen; 4. cap. 6. &c. touching the Length and Breadth of Cloths of ray, and coloured Cloths. '

IT E M come en diverfes eftatuitz faitz devaunt cez- hoeures fibien en temps de Roy Edward Aid noftreRcpv Seignur le Roy qore eft come en temps de Richard nadgairs Roy dEngleterre ordeigne eftoit & eftabiiz6- c. qe les draps de-rav Sc de colour tiendroient certeine longure & laeure come il eft contenuz en, les ditz efta-43 E1 tuitz plus au plein. Et en le pariement noftre Seignur le Roy qore eft lan de fon regne feptifme prdeig.nez 'r foit & eftabiiz qe le drap de colour contiegne en longure xxviij. aulnes & le drap de ray a tant mefurez fanz9 defoler les draps ct qe le drap dc ray tiegne en laeure vi. quarters & le drap de colour tiegne cn laeure vi; quarters & di’ au fin qelundrap Sc lautre eawe Sc tondu foit en longure de xxiiij. aulnes fur p _yne qe les faifours des tielx draps forfacent Jes ditz draps qi ftrront trovez par lalneour de ineindre longure ou laeure Sc qe lalneour les preigne & "les delivere al gnrderobe al oeps de mefmc noftre Seignur leRoy.. Et auxi per un ai.tre eftatut fait lan unfzifme noftre dit Seignur le Roy qore eft pur oufter les gr -undes fraudes Sc;deceits1 deles-aulneours parmyle Roialme diverfes ordinances eftabliflementz & punidementz foient faitz & ordeignez1 cn ceo cas come en les eftatutz faitz les ditz ans feptifme Sc unfzifme noflre dit Seignur le,Roy qore eft pluis1 pleinemcnt eft c ntenuz Mefine noftre Seignur le Roy dc ladvys & aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx Sc tempo— relx & a la requeft des ditz Communes ad ordeignez.&• eftabiiz qe les ditz,eftatqtz faitz'.les ditzmns feptifme'

Sc unfzifme foient fermement tenuz Sc gardes Sc mys en due execution..

‘	C	A	Ps.

; & 6 Ed,'.

6.

. c. 10.

. I. C. •

4. c. 6,

f . )

e. 5 -7.

Anno decimo tertio Henrici IV.

A. D. 1411

CAP. V.

Al! Cuftomers, Comptrollers-, lie. fhall be refident upon their Offices.

4 ITEM it is ordained and ftablilhed, That the 4 JL Statutes made of Cullomers, Comptrollers, Lieu-4 tenants of the chief Butler, and of Searchers, the ‘ fiifl and fourth Years of our faid Lord the King that ‘ now is, be kept and holden ; (2) and moreover it is ‘ ordained and eftablifhed, That all Manner of Cu-4 ftomers, and Comptrollers, Gaugers of Wine, and 4 Searchers through the Realm, fhall be continually ‘ refident and abiding upon their Offices, and in fpecial 4 at the Time of the Charge and Difcharge of Ships and * VefTels, entering in the Forts of England, and palling 4 out of the fame, (3) fo that no fuch Officer, after the 14 K. i. 10. ' Time above named, be abfent from his faid Office by 17 R. 2. c. 5. 4 three Weeks at the moll, upon Pain to lofe his laid 1 H. 4. c. 13. ‘ Office, unlefs he be commanded and charged in fpe-? H' Jj g "s*, ‘ cial °f Record to be in the King’s Courts, or other--7//, 6. c C, J' ‘ w'fe *!1 the King’s. Service of Record, as afore is

&• 1 El.'c. 11! 4 faid.’

f. 8. which put Cuftomers, 6£V. wukr farther RftriQionc,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les eftatutz faitz de les cuftumers'cohtrerollours lieufenantz de chief botellere Sc de les fercheours lan primer & lan quart le Roy qore eft foient tenuz Sc gardez. Et outre ceo ordeignez eft Si eftabli qe toutz ma-lieres des cuftumers contrerollours gaugeours de vins Sc fercheours parmy le Roialme foient conti-nuelment refeantz et demorantz fur leur offices & en elpecial al temps de les charge & defeharge de les niefs Si veftelx entrantz les portz dEngleterre Sc paffantz hors dicelles iffint qe nul tiel officer apres le temps defliiis nome foit abfente de fon dit office par trois femaignes a plus fur peine de perdre fon dit office fil ne foit comandez &chargies en efpecial de record deftre en les courtes du Roy ou autre-ment en fervice noftre dit Seignur le Roy de record come defluis eft-dit. ' ~	"	"

CAP. VI.

No Gaily Half-pence or foreign Money ffiall bp current within this Realm.

I TEM come en leftatut fait lan unfzifme noftre Seignur le Roy qore eft ordeignez eftoit & eftabliz qe 0 E-	les	Galyhalpenies deflors ne courgerent en paiement ne en autre manere deinz le Roialme dEngleterre

fur la peine de forfaiture dicell. Et enoutre que les Galyhalpenyes en qi mains oils ferroient trovez deinz ie dit Rcialme ferroient forfaitz. au noftre dit Seignur le Roy et auxi qe toutz les eftatutz Si ordinance* faitz par noftre dit Seignur le Roy ou par fez nobles progenitours fibien de la monoye dEfcoce come de la monoye des zutres Roialmes & parties de pardela la miere ferroient tenuz Si gardez & mys en due exeefi-tion Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant la graunde deceit fibien de les ditz Galyhalpenies come de Ja 2 H. 4. r. 6. monoye des autres. Roialmes Si parties de pardela la mier voet qe mefmes les eftatutz foient fermement 11 H. 4. c. 5 tenuz. & gardez & mys en due execution en toutz pointz.

CAP. VII.

The Juftices of Peace and the Sheriffs fhall arreft thofe which commit any Riot, lie. inquire of

them, and record their Offences.

Bro. Riots, 5, 7 Ed. 4. f. 18. Raym. 386,

5 R. 2. flat. 1. c. 7.

15 R. 2. c. 2.

Inquiry of the Offenders.

‘ T T E M it is ordained and eftabliftied. That if any c 1- Riot, Aftembly, or Rout of People againft the 4 Law, be made in Parties of the Realm, that the Ju-4 ftices of Peace, three, or two of them at the leaft, 4 and the Sheriff or Under;-Sheriffof the County where 4 fuch Riot, Affembly, or Rout fhall be made here-4 after, fhall come with the Power of the County (if 4 Need be to arreft them, and fhall arreft them; (2) 4 and'the fame Juftices and Sheriff-', or Under-Sheriff, 4 fhall have Power to record that which they fhall find 4 fo done in their Prefence againft the Law; (3) and 4 that by the Record of the fame Juftices and Sheriff, 4 or Under-Sheriff, fuch Trefpail’ers and Offenders 4 fhall be convift in the fame Manner and Form as is 4 contained in the Statute of Forcible Entries. (4J 4 And if it happen that fuch Trefpalfers and Offen-4 ders be departed before the coming of the faid Ju-4 ftices and Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, that the fame 4 Juftices, three, or two of them, fhall diligently in-4 quire within a Month after fuch Riot, Affembly, 4 or Rout of People fo made, and-thereof flrall hear and ‘ determine according to the Law of the Land.

ITEM ordeignez eft Si eftabliz qe ft aucun riot affemblee ou rout des gentz encontre la loie fe face en aucune partie de Roialme qe les Juftices de paix trois qu deux de eux a meyns Si le vifeont ou fouth vifeont du counte ou tiel riote afiembk ou rout fe ferra enapres veignent ove le poair de counte fi bofoigne ferra pur eux arefter Si eux areftent Si aient mefmes les juftices & vifeont ou fouth vifeont poair de recorder ceo qils troevent enfi fait en leur prefence encontre la ley et qe par le record de mefmes les Juftices & vifeont ou fouth-vifeonr foient tielx trefpaffours & meffaifours convitftz en-manere & fourme come il eft contenuz en leftatut de forcibles entrees. Et fil adviegne qe tielx tref-paffour; & meffaifours foient departiz devaunt la-venue des ditz Juftices Sc vifeont ou fouth-vifeont qe jnefmes les Juftices trois ou deux de eux en-quergent diligealment deinz un moys apres tiel riote affemble ou route de gentz enfy faitz Si ent oient Si terminent folonc la loye de la terre.

2

Et

A. D. 1411.

Anno decimo tertio Henrici IV.

C.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Et fi la veritee ne poet dire trove en maner come deffuis eft dit adonqes deinz unmoys lors profehein enfuiant certifient les ditz Jultices trois ou deux de eux & le vifeont ou fouth-vifeont fuifditz devaunt le Roy & fon counfeil tout le fait & les circuin-ftances dicell quell certificat foit dautiel force come le prefentment de xij. fur quel certificat foient les ditz trefpaflburs & meffaifours mys a refponce & ceux qi ferront trovez coupables foient puniz fo-lonc la diferetion du Roy & de fon dit confail.

Et ft tielx trefpaflburs & meffaifours traverfent la matire enfy certifie foient celles certificat & tra-vers mandez en banc le Roy pur.y eftre triez & terminez come la ley demande et ft mefires les trefpaflburs iz meffaifours ne viegnent my devaunt le Roy & fen counfail ou en Bank le Roy a primer mandement adonqes foit fait autre mandement di-redl a vifeount de countee de prendre les ditz tref-paffours & meffaifours fils purront eftre trovez & eux amefner a certein jour devaunt le Roy & fon dit counfail ou cn bank le Roy. Et fils lie purront eftre trovez qc le vifeont ou fouth-vifeont face proclamation en pleine countee profehein eniuiant la liveree du feconde mandement qils viegnent devaunt le Roy & fon dit counfail ou en bank le Roy ou en la chauncellarie en temps de vacation deinz trois femaignes lors profeheins enfuiantz. Et en cas qe mefrnes les trefpaflburs & meffaifours ne viegnent mye come devaunt eft dit & la proclamation faite & retourne foient ils convi&z & atteintz de les riote affemble ou route defiuifditz non ob-ftant aucun eftatut ou ordinance fait a contraire.

Et en outre qe les jufticcs de la paix demurrantz les pluis profeheins en chefcun ccuntc ou tiel riote affemble ou route des gentz le ferra en apres en-femblement ove le vifeont ou fouth-vifeont de mefme le counte & auxi les Juftices uaffifes pur le temps qils ferront illoeqes en lour feflions en cas qe aucun tiel riote affemble ou route fe ferra en lour prefence facent execution de cell; eftatut chefcun fur peine de C li. a paiers au Roy a tant des foitz qils ferront trovez en defauc del execution de meftne leftatut.

4BJ

4 IE And if the Truth cannot be found in the.Certificate of a 4 Manner as is afore faid, then within a Month thenRiob ai'd the 4 next following, the Juftices, three, or two of them, ^“"4rr‘ent of 4 and the Sheriff or Under-oheriff, lhall certify before ,Kn er3’

4 the King and his .Council all the Deed and Circuni-4 ftances thereof, (2) which Certificate lhall be of like 4 Force as the Prefentment of Twelve; upon which 4 Certificate the faid i refpaflers and Offenders fhali be ‘ put to anfvver, and they which lhall be found guilty, .

4 lhall be punilhed according to the Diferetion of the 4 King and his Council.

4 III. And if fitch Trefpaflers and Offenders do A Traverfe of 4 traverfe the Matter fo certified, the fame Certificate? Riot triable 4 and l'raverfe lhall be fent into the King’s Bench, If tha K-lns’s 4 there to be tried and determined as the Law re- Jnc ‘

4 quireth. (2) And if the fame Trefpaflers * do*AM mAOf-4 not appear before the King and his Council, or/«*«•

4 in the King’s Bench, at the firft Precept, then lhall 4 be another Precept directed to the Sheriff of the 4 County, to take the faid Trefpaflers and Offenders,

4 if they may be found, and to bring them at a certain 4 Day before the King and his Council, or into the 4 King’s Bench. (3) And if they cannot be found,Conviftionof 4 That the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff {hall make Pro- Offenders tor 4 clamation in his full County next enfuing the Deli-	?"

4 very of the fecond Precept, that they lhall appear1 4 before the King and his faid Council, or in the 4 King’s Bench, or in the Chancery in the Time of 4 Vacation, within three Weeks then next follow-4 ing. (4.) And in cafe the fame f Offenders f Add Tnf-4 come not as afore is faid, and the Proclama-J<#'-ia/W 4 tion made and returned, they lhall be convidl and 4 attainted of the Riot, Affembly, or Rout aforefaid,

4 notwithftanding any Article or Ordinance made to 4 the contrary.

4 IV. And moreover. That the Juftices of Peace The Penalty of 4 dwelling nigheft in every County where fuch Priot, the.“xt Flft.,ces 4 Affembly, or Rout of People lhall be made hereafter,

4 together with the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff of the 4 fame County, and alfo the Juftices of Afilfes for the 4 Time that they {hall be there in their Sefllon, in _

4 cafe that any fuch Riot, Affembly, or Rout be made ,2^ ri 3"c g.

4 in their Prefence, (hall do Execution of this Statute, See/artlxr 2. H.

4 every one upon Pain of an Hundred Pounds, to be 5. fiat. j. c. S. 4 paid to the King as often as they lhall be found in 11	7-	Ci	7*

4 Default of the Execution of the fame Statute.’

. 5. I Mar. jrtj. 2. c. 12.

19 H. 7,

21//. s.

I El. c. 16. and 1 Geo, I, fiat, 1, c. 5. by wblcb lafi AH certain Kinds of Riots arc made Felony without Benefit of Clergy

20.

Thus end the Statutes of King HENRY the Fourth.

Anno primo Henrici V.

A. D. 1413

482 C. 1, 2.

Anna primo HENRICI V.

Statutes made at Weftminfter in the Firfi Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and in the Year of our Lord 1413.

44 /^\UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden 44 H 1 at JVeHminJler in the Third Week of Eaflcr, “	the	Firft Year of his Reign, by the Advice

“ and Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 44 and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the “ Commons of this Realm, hath ordained and cfta-“ blifhed divers Statutes and Ordinances in the Form “ following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 8.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ a les trois femaignes de Pafche lan de fon regne primere de ladvis 8c aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a les efpecialx inftaunce 8c requeft des Communes de fon Roialme ad ordeignez & eftabliz diverfes ordinaunces &c eftatuts en la fourme qenfeute.

CAP. I.

What Sort of People fhall be chofen, and who (hall be the Choofers of the Knights and

Burgefies of the Parliament.

Raft. 446.	4	TTPIR S I, That the Statutes of the Election of

1	J? the Knights of the Shires to come to the Parlia-4 ment, be holden and kept in all Points; (2) adjoin-4 ing to the fame. That the Knights of the Shires 4 which from henceforth fhall be chofen in every Shire, 4 be not chofen unlefs they be refident within the Shire 4 where they fhall be chofen the Day of the Date of 4 the Writ of the Summons of the Parliament; (3) 4 and that the Knights and Efquires, and others which 4 fhall be Choofers of thofe Knights of the Shires, be alfo refident within the fame Shires, in Manner and Form as is aforefaid. (4) And moreover it is ordained and eftablifhed, That the Citizens and Bur-gefies of the Cities and Boroughs be chofen Men, Citizens and Burgefies refiant, dwelling and free in the fame Cities and Boroughs, and no other in any wife.’

7 & 8 jy. 3. c. 4, 7, & 25. 10 Ar.n. c. 23. 12 Am.

7	H. 4. c. 15. <

Seefarther 11 H. t 4- e. I.

6 H. 6. f. 4.	‘

8	H. 6, c. 7.	<

20 H. 6. c. 2. 5 13 H. 6. c. 10.

23 H. 6. c. 15 *. 4 27 H. 8. c. 26. 35 i/. 8 24. fer the dueSUSt'-.m of Knigbti oj'tle.Sbiret, Bec

* Read 14.

PRimerement qe les eftatutz faitz de la eleftiorr, des chivalers des countees pur venir au parlement foient tenuz 8c gardez en toutz pointz adjou-ftant a ycelles qe les chivalers des countees qe de-fores ferrount efluz en chefcun countee ne foient efluz fils ne foient refeauntz deinz les countees ou ils ferrount iflint efluz le jour de la date du brief de fomons de parlement et qe les chivalers 8c efquiers & autres qi ferrount eflifours des tielx chivalers des countees foient auxi refeauntz deins mefmes les countees en maniere & fourme come deflus eft dit. Et outre ceo ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe les citeins & burgeifes des citees & burghs foient efluz hom-mes citeins & burgeifes refeauntz demurrauntz 8c enfraunchifes en mefmes le cites & burghs 8c nul-les autres en nulle manere.,

fat. I, c. 5, 18 Geo. 2. c. 18. 29 Geo. 2. c. 28.. and 3: Geo. 2 .r.

CAP. II.

A Confirmation of former Statutes touching. Wears, Mills, Kidels, &c.

25 Ed..3- ftat.4. c. 4.

45 Ed. 3. C.2, lH. 4. c. 12.

4 H, 4. 4. 1J

7 TEM, Becaufe that great Complaint hath been X made to our faid Lord the King in this prefent

farther frevidtd 4 Jer by 9 //. 6. c. < 9. 12 F.d. 4. e. < 7. 3 'jae. I. r.

22, 7 fa- !■*'

Parliament, for that the Statutes made in the Time cf his noble Progenitors Kings of England, of the levying and limiting of Wears, Mdls, Stanks, Stakes, and Kidels, be not kept according to the Form and Effedt of the fame Statutes, to the great Damage of the People of the Realm of England (2) our faid Lord the King that now is, by the Advice and Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the Rcqueft of the faid Commons, will and grant. That the faid Statutes and Ordinances be furely holden and kept, and put in due Execution,’ 19. 6&7 V/, 3, t, 16, and 1 Geo. I. fat, 2, f. lS>

ITEM pur ce qe graunde compleinte ad efte faite a noftre dit Seignur le Roy en le dit parlement de ce qe les eftatutz faitz en temps de fes nobles progenitours de les enhanceur & eftreiture des gors des moleyns eftankes eftakes & kideux ne font pas tenuz ne gardes folonc les fourme & effeft de mefmes les eftatuts a graunt damage du. poeple & du R.oialme mefme noftre Seignur le Roy de ladvis 8c affent fuifditz 8c a la requell des dites. communes voet & graunte qe les ditz eftatuts foient ferment tenuz 8c gardes 8c mys cn due execution..

£ A P,

A. D. 1413

C. 3—5.	483

Anno primo Henrici V.

CAP. III.

The Penalty for forging or publifhing a falfe Deed.

Ex Rot. in Turr. LoncL

ITEM par la ou pleufeurs des lieges noftre Seignur le Roy queux ount manoirs terres ou tenementz parRep. s ei.

purchace ou par difcent de heritage ou en autre manere entendaunt a eux pour eftre en pees & tran-c. 14. quillite en lour ditz tenures come ils foloient diverfes malveis perfones aucuns de lour teftes demefne & au-Kei,w- I10’ cuns par faux confpiracie Sc covyne fubtilement ymaginent & forgent de novell diverfes faux faitz Sc muni-mentz Sc les fount pronuncier pupplier Sc lifre pour enveogler Sc chaungier les coers des bons gentz du^^^V , paiis Sc pur anynter Sc trobler les poffeffions et title des ditz lieges par la quele ymagination & fauxitee plui-cir^v tyzGct, fours des ditz lieges de lour poffeffions font troublez Sc vexez Sc toutditz en awere demurrauntz de loan. e. 15, poffeffions Sc eftat Noftre Seignur le Roy veullant purvoir de remedie de ladvis Sc affent fuifditz & a la re-queft des ditz Communes ad ordcignez & eftabliz qe la partie enfi grevez ait fa feute en ce cas & recoevere fes damages Sc face la partie convict fyn & raunceon a la volunte du Roy.

CAP. IV.

Sheriffs Bailiffs fhall not be in the fame Office in three Years after. Sheriffs Officers (hall no£

be Attorn ies.

ITEM pur ceo qe les lieges noftre Seignur le Roy nofent my purfuir lie compleindre des ex-torfions & oppreffions a eux faitz par les miniftres des vifcountes ceftaffavoir par fouthvifcountz clerks des vifcountes refceyvours Sc bailifs des vifcountes a caufe qe les ditz fouthvifcountes clerks refceivours & baillifs des vifcountes fount fy continuelment de an en an demurrauntz ovefqe les vifcountes enter-chaungeablement en un office ou en autre Noftre Seignur lc Roy de ladvis Sc affent fuifdit & a la re-queft des ditz Communes ad ordeignez Sc eftabliz qe ceux qi fount baillifs de. vifcountz par un an ne foient en nul tiel office par les trois ans profchein enfuantz forfpris les bailliffs des vifcountes queux font enheritcez en lour vifcountees et qe null fouth-vifcount ne clerk de vifcount refceivour ne baillif de vifcount foit attourne en aucun court de Roy pur le temps qil eft en office au aucun tiel vifcount.

“ YTEM, For-as much as the King’s liege People “ J. dare not purfue or complain of the Extortions “ and of the Oppreffions to them done by th Officers “ of Sheriffs, that is to fay, by Under-Sheriffs, Clerks “ of Sheriffs, Receivers and Bailiffs of Sheriffs, be-“ caufe that the faid Under-Sheriffs, Clerks, Rcceiv-“ ers, and Bailiffs be continually, from Year to Year, “ abiding with the Sheriffs interchangeably out of one “ Office into another;” c (2) our Lord the King, by ‘ the Advice and Affent aforefaid, and at the Requell ‘ of the faid Commons, hath ordained and eftablimed, ’ That they which be Bailiffs of Sheriffs by one Year, fhall be in no fuch Office by three Years next fol-‘ lowing, except Bailiffs of Sheriffs which be inheritable in their Sheriffwicks. (3) And that no Under-‘ Sheriff, Sheriff’s Clerk, Receiver, nor Sheriff’s Bai-‘ liff, be Attorney in the King’s Courts during the ‘ Time that he is in Office with any fuch Sheriff'.’

CAP. V.

In which Original Writs Additions of the Defendants Names Hull be put.

ITEM ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz qen chefcun brief original des a&ions perfonelx Sc appelles & enditementz en queux exigend’ ferra agardez qa les nouns des defendauntz en tieux briefs originalx appelles Sc enditementz foient faitz additions de lour eftat ou degree ou de miftere & les villes ou hamelles ou lieux Sc les countess des queux ils furent ou fount ou en queux ils font ou ferront converfauntz. Et fi par proceffe furies ditz briefs originalx appelles ou enditementes en queux les ditz additions foient entreleffez aucunes utlagariez foient pronunciez qils foient voidez irritez & tenuz pur null Sc qe avaunt les utlagaries pronunciez les ditz briefs Sc enditementes foient abatuz par exception du partie par la ou en icelles les ditz additions foient enterleftez. Purveux toutfoitz qe mefq les dites briefs dactions perfonelx ne foient accordauntz as recordss ou faits par la fuperplufage des additions fuifditz qe pour celle caufe ils ne foient abatuz Et qe les clerks de la Chauncellarie fouth qi noms tiels briefs ifferount efcriptz ne enterleffent ne facent

4 Ed. 4. {. jo, 6 Co. 67.

ITEM it is ordained and eftablifned, That jac/ljo, every original Writ of A&ions Perfonals, Ap-Dyn-46.' peals, and Indictments, and in which the ExigentBro. Addit. 4, {liall be awarded, in the Names of the Defendants in 7, 8, 9. fuch Writs Original, Appeals and Indictments, Ad-ditions fnall be made of their Eftate dr Degree, or Myftery, and of the Towns, or Hamlets, or Places, 51’6:,’67'72,’ and Counties, of the which they were, or be, or in7j> 109-which they be or were converfant; (2) and if by124’’ 125’ H9’ Procefs upon the faid Original Writs, Appeals, or* 9’ Indictments, in the which the faid Addition be» Leon. 283, ’ omitted, any Utlagaries be pronounced, that they beoco. void, fruftrate, and holden for none; (3) and that3,^\6‘ 3°- b> before the Utlagaries pronounced, the faid Writs and9 ^1^’. Indictments fhall be abated by rhe Exception of the 3 Mod.”139. Party, where in the fame the faid Additions be 1 Shower%6. omitted. (4) Provided always, That though the Hob. 129. faid Writs of Additions Perfonals be not according toSorJ>.:“faE* of the Records and Deeds, by the Surplufage of the Ad<jltll?n’ Additions aforefaid, that for that Caufe they be not abated; (5) and that the Clerks of the Chancery, uw 52, under whofe Names fuch Writs ftnall go forth written,

Q<iq z

fhall

Anno primo Henrici V.	A.	D.	1413.

c fhall not leave out, or make Omiftion of the faid Ad-‘ ditions as ;s afore faid, upon Pain to be punifhed, ‘ and to make a Fine to the King, by the Difcretion ‘ of the Chancellor. (6) And this Ordinance fhall S/e S h. G.c, 12. ‘ begin to hold Place at the Suit of the Party, from the 5 El. c. -22..	‘	Feaft	of	St. Michael next enfuing forward.1

'Lcbet c tVur.t of AJdit'ivns i: uc! amer.dtble.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. omiffton des ditz additions come deffuis eft dit fur peyne deftre puniz affaire fyn a Roy par difcretion de Chanceller. Et comencera cefte ordinance a tenir lieu a feute de partie de la feft de Seint Michel profchein enavaunt.

C A P. VI.

No JVelJhman fhall take Revenge againft thofe EngUJhmen which did purfue their Friends in

the late Rebellion.

T T EM come en temps dicefte rebellion dc Gales plufours des loialx lieges noftre Seignur le Roy fibien JL Englois come Galois ount cfte en diverfes parties de Gales fur le chaftifement des rebelles illoeques par comaundcmcnt mefme noltre Seignur le Roy & fon counfail a quele temps aucuns des ditz rebelles fibien a chivall come a pcc trovez armez en feere de guerre encountre lour foy & ligeaunce feurent tuez & aucuns mahaymez batuz naufrez prifez & emprifonez lour bietis h chateux emportez par les ditz lieges a caufe fuifdit come bien lift folonc ce qe par noftre dit Seignur le Roy & fon counfail alors eftoit ordeigne en ceile partie. Et ce nonobftant plufours des ditz rebelles efteauntz unqore en vie & autres de fank profchein a ccux rebellez enfy mortz ou lour amys ore de jour en autre fount quarelles & graunde purfuyte envers les ditz foialx lieges demurrauntz ou refeauntz en icelles parties & en les countes pluis profeheins a Gales efte-auntz furmettauntz en eux qils tiel chofe come deffuis eft dit a eux mefmes ou a lour cofyns ou amys fauxe-ment ount fritz pur la quel ils demaundont de les ditz foialx lieges haut amendes manailauntz qils autre-rnent vorrount eftre fur ce avengcz paront les ditz foialx lieges font grevoufement vexez en plufours parties & Seignories de Gales aucuns deux par enditementz acufementz ou empechemcntz & aucuns par manafles diftreftes prifez & aucuns par lour corps prifez & emprifonez tanqe af temps qils ount fait gree a eux en ceile partie ou qils vorrount eux excufer de la mort de tielx rebelx enfy tuez par un affach folonc la cuftume de Gales cell: a dire par le ferement de C C C. hommes & de toutz tielx autres trefpuffes avant efpecifiez eux acquiter a trefgraunde damage & anientifement de les ditz foialx lieges & malveys enfample en temps avenir ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe tiel quercle action ou denraunde ne foit fait defore enavaunt par art ne par en-gyne a aucu.n de les foialx lieges par null de ceux quelles ount efteez rebelles ne per lour adherantz foit il cofyn allye ou artsy ne par nul autre qeconqe fur peine de paier a partie greve fes damages a treble & deftre emprifonez par deux ans apres ce qil foit conviih & outre ce de faire fyn & ranceon ceile partie devaunt qil foit deliverez hors du prifonc.

* Read

CAP.' VII.

A Confirmation of the Statute of i 3 * Rich. 2. c. 3. retraining Aliens to accept any

Benefices in England.

ITEM come en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ en temps de Roy Richard fecond lan de fon reigne trezifme ordeignez eftoit qe nul alien Eraunceys naveroit nenjoieroit null benefice deins cefte Roialme pour certeins caufes qe aviegnent & puiffent avenir mes qils ferroient deliverez & voidez tout nettement hors du P-oialme devaunt ceitein teir ps en le dit ordinaunce limitez come en icell eft pleinement contenuz & a quele heure qe aucuns priories aliens conventuelx ou aucun autre benefice ou office duez par title du Roy voident par le ces ou deces des ditz priours & autres occupiours qadonqes eftoient durauntz les guerres honeftes perfones En-glcis y foient inyfes en lieu de eux pur accompler le divine fervice &: null des enemys deffuifdkz & nient-conirefteaunt la dite ordinaunce les ditz aliens Eraunceys par male ymagination & brocage de contenuer les malveys mefehiefs du dit ordinaunce purchacent lettres patentes de Roy deftre denzeins & lieges du Roy et jurent de ce continuer al ement doccupier i-i enjoier les ditz benefices &t iffmt unquore occupiount plufours benefices encountre la dite ordinaunce parount les aliens Eraunceys fount encrefcez en arerifment des lieges du Roy & graund trefc.ur de Roy A de fon Roialme emportent hors de Roialme & le counfeii du Roy dif-co'veront as enemys de Eraunce a graunde damage du Roy & de Roialme. Noftre Seignur le Roy confide-raunt les mefehiefs fuifditz voet qe les ditz ordinaunces foient ferment tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution forfpris ies priours aliens conventuelx & auxi toutz autres priours qount inftitution & induction parainfi qils foient cathoiiks & qils facent feurtee qils ne difeovererount ne ferrount difeoverer le counfail & lez fe-cretz du Rxiialme.

CAP. VIII.

All IriJJj Men and Irijh Clerks Beggars, fhall depart this Realm before the firft Day of November, -except Graduates, Serjeants, &c.

"I TEM pur quiete oc tranquillite deins le Roialme dEngleterre & pur lencres & eftuffement de la terre ^■xRa'"e y1 'X dlrland ordeignez eft en ccft prefent parlement qe toutz Irrois & clercs Irrois mendinauntz appellez 2 U. b. c, 2. chaumberdeakyns foient voidez hors du Roialme parentre le feft dc Seint Michel profchein avenir & le feft

dc

3

A. D. 1413.	Anno primo Henricf-V.	C. 9—10.	485

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ,

de toutz Seintz profcfiein, enfuantz fur peine .def perdre lour hiens, it deftre emprifonez al volunte du Roy forfpris ceux’qe fount graduates en les efcoles & fergeauntz it apprentices de ley it ceux qi fount eifheritez en Engleterrc & religioufes profelfez Et forfpris auxi les iriert-hauntz neez en Irland de bon fame Si lour apprentices a prefent demurrauntz en Engleterre & ceux ove queux le Roy voet defpenlcr. Et qe toutz ceux Irrois qount beneficesxw offices eh la terre dlrland demurgent fur lour benefices & offices fur peine de perdre & forsfaire les profitz de lour benefices it offices pur la defenfe de'la terre dlrland avauntditer

C A P. IX.- -The Revenues of Calais Ihall be employed to the Maintenance of;it. ,

T TEM pur ce qen le temps de noble Roy Edward le tierce & de R.oy Rici-iard le fecond toutz leso 3, i revenuz profites it commoditees des terres tenementz pefcheries cuftumes it autres profitz qeconqes ales ditz Roys regardauntz en les ville it marches de Caleys eftoient ordeignez deftre levtz pa¥ le treforer de Caleys pur le temps efteaunt en fupportation des charges de mefmes les ville it marches ct depuis graunde partie diceux ad efte reftreint par vertue des diverfes lettres patentes as diverfes capitaines it autres plufours perfones fibien par le dit Roy Richard come par noftre trefredoute Seignur le Roy Henry quart pier noftre Seignur le R.oy qore eft a eux ent faitz dount aucuns par colour de ferine nient refonable & les autres faunz riens ent rendre a graunde damage du Roialme dEngleterre it arrerifment dcs paiementz fur la fuftentation des di'tz ville & marches affaires. .Et auxi pur ce qe plufours offices des coillours'des deniers-provenauntz des ditz revenuz cuftumes profitz & commodites les queux le dit treforer de Caleys en les temps fuifditz ordeigna it alfigna as perfones fufficiauntz pur queux ilsvoudra refpondre adurerez it a dire remoe-vez folom qe meult luy fembla al profit du Roy ount efte depuis encountre les aunciens ordinances it leftn-tut en parlement ent fait par diverfes lettres patentes as diverfes perfones fibien par le dit Roy Richard come par noftre Seignur le Roy Henry fuifdit a eux ent faitz as termes de lour vies it autrement occupies it par colour de lour ditz lettres patentes aucuns diceux a ce qeft dit le pluis negiigentment ferviz faunz eftre juftifiez par le treforer fuifdit a graunde damage & arrerifment des paiementz fuifdicz en temps paflh Noftre Seignur le Roy veullant efehuier tielx damages en temps advenir de ladvys it affent fuifditz 2c. a la requeft des ditz Communes voet & ad ordeigne & eftabliz qe toutz les lettres patentes faitz as capitains £s. autres perfones oeconqes fibien des toutz manors des rentz terres tenementz. cuftumes pefcheries it autres revenuz profitz & commodites queconqes en les ditz ville & marches come des offices des coillours de. toutz rentz cuftumes revenuz profitz & commodites a eux ent faitz avaunt ces heures encontre les ordinaunces fuifditz foient de tout revokes it adnullez et qe les ditz revenues profitz it commodites lbient rei'umez es mains noftre dit Seignur le Roy & myfez fur la fuftentation des payeme.ntes. & chargies a les ditz ville is marchc regardauntz. Sauvant toutfoitz qe monfieur Thomas Due de Clarence frere a..noftre Seignur le Roy ne foit reftreint par cefte ordinaunce & eftatut de nulls de fes poffeffions es. ditz marche et qe null capitains des chaftelx illoeqcs foient ouftez de mefme lour chaftelx nede la garde.dicelles par force de cefte ordinaunce*.

&	eftatut.	'

C A P. X.

By what Meafure Purveyors (hall take-and buy Corn.

JTEM come en temps des nobles progenitours noftre Seignur ie Roy ordeigne foitqe une mefure des bices, OB;

ferroit par tout le Roialme dEngleterre ceftaffavoir viij. buffelx pur la quarter it qe chefcun buft’ell con-,	c.	as.

tiendra oept ga’ons par force de queux ordinaunces tiel mefure ad efte ufe ove un bufiel du die quarter cumlc it nient cb.ftauntz les ditz bones ordinaunces it ufages les purveours des blees fibien pur loftel le pier noftrq Seignur le Roy come pur loftiel noftre Seignur le Roy qore eft ount pris devaunt ces heures pur les ditz ho-ftieix continuelment neof bufielx de furment& dautres blees pur le quarter 2c ce plufours foitz par mefure nient enfeale & auxi nient rafe encountre la Volunte ces vendurs dicelles & faunz due pris mys furycelle fo-lonqe a ley de laterre & auxint fount les vendours de carier les ditz blees a quel lieu lour pieft faunz rienf paier pur la cariage Et auxi les ir.archauntz &.citezeins de Loundres ufent de prendre de chefcun vendour pur la quarter de furrhent noef buffels par un mefure ufe deins la dite Citce appelle le Faat ove un buffell mys fur la dit faat & unqore fount les vendurs paier un maill pur la mefurage de chefcun quarter & preignant pur un quarter des aveyns dys bufielx parouri: les achntours des blees en le paiis ne le voillent mye achdter neLtrMr. Msaiuri prendre pur le quarter des blees fi noun en mefme ia manere Come les purveours fufoitz it ccux'dc la ditecaUcd the Test, Citee ufent de prencire en graund arrerifment it perpetuel deftruftion de les cornlnaltes fuifditz.

Ordeignez eft it eftabliz qe toutz les ditz bones ordinaunces foient fermement tenuz it gard-rz folonc lef— fe£t dicelles et qe nul purveour noftre Seignur le Roy nautre ne ufent enapres dachatre ne prendre aucuns blees par autre mefure ft non oept buffelx ralez pur le quarter et qe nul foit tenuz autrement a deliverer purfta	.. ,

quartier ft noun oept buffelx rafez come avaunt eft dit it auxint qe paiement foit- fait 'preftemCnt pur la cariage ' et qe ft aucun purveour noftre Seignur le Roy ou autre perfone achate ou preigne aucuns bles autrement ou par autre mefoure fi noun oept bufielx rafez pur la quartre come en les ditz ordinaunces eft contenuz & de ce foit atteirit eit lenprifonement dun an & qil paie au Roy cent fould et a .'la“partie qe- fe'/ejitq gmve-. autre 4 Ed. 3. c. 3. cent fould et ce ataunt de foitz qe aucun deux de ce foit atteint et qe la partie qe voilleTuer eit adtioiiffqury^	3’	atj

duz fur la cas Et qe les Juftices de la pees eient poair denquerrer & pie tenir de toutz les chofes avaiinhiifzVg £^,’3.	c. t.

it fur ceo faire punifiement come avaunt eft uit fibien al fuite de Ploy come de partie Et qe defore'riens’foitii H. 6. c. 8. pris pur la mefurage des tielx blees en aucune manere.	■	-•-•	.	•	-	*•	■	*•'■>	•	*	'	n	H.	7.	c.4«

•	‘	*	Statutes

Stat. i

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

A. D. 1414.

Statutes made at Leicefter, Anno 2 Hen. V. Stat. 1. and Anno

Dom. 1414.

44 /^\UR Lord the King, at his Parliament hold-44 W B en at Leicejler the laft Day of April, the 44	Second Year of his Reign, by the Advice

44 and Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 44 and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Com-44 mons of his Realm in the fame Parliament aflem-44 bled, hath ordained and eftablifhed divers Ordi-44 nances. Declarations, and Statutes, made in the 44 Form as followeth.”

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. m. 7.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roy a-fon parlement tenuz a Leyceftr’ le darrein jour de Aprill lan de fon regne feconde de ladvys Sc alfent des Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx & a les efpe-ciales inftance Sc requeft des Communes de fon Roialme en mefme le parlement efteantz ad or-deigne Sc eftable diverfes ordinances declarations & eftatutz en la fourme qenfuyt.

CAP. I.

Ordinaries fhall inquire of, and reform the Eftates of Hofpitals.

44 T7IP.ST, Forafmuch as many Hofpitals within the 44 J? Realm of England, founded as well by the 44 noble Kings of .his Realm, and Lords and Ladies 44 both Spiritual and Temporal, as by divers other Ef-44 tates, to the Honour of God and of his glorious 44 Mother, in Aid and Merit of the Souls of the faid 44 Founders, to the which Hofpitals the fame Founders 44 have given a great Part of their moveable Goods for 44 the Buildings of the fame, and a great Part of their 44 Lands and Tenements, therewith to fuftain impotent 44 Men and Women, Lazers, Men out of their Wits, 44 and poor Women with Child, and to nourifh, re-44 lieve, and refreih other poor People in the fame, be 44 now for the moil Part decayed, and the Goods and 44 Profits of the fame, by divers Perfons, as well Spi-44 ritual as Temporal, withdrawn and fpent in other 44 Ufe, whereby many Men and Women have died 44 in great Miiery for Default of Aid, Living, and 44 Succour, to the Difpleafure of God, and Peril of the 44 Souls of fuch Manner of Spenders 4 (2) The 4 King our Sovereign Lord, confidering the merito-4 rious and devout Intents of the Founders aforefaid,

4 and the unaccuftomed Government in the fame,

4 bath by the Advice and Aflent aforefaid, ordained 4 and eftablilhed, That as to the Hofpitals which be 4 of the Patronage and Foundation of the King, the 4 Ordinaries, by virtue of the King’s Commifiions to 4 them directed, fhall inquire of the Manner and 4 Foundation of the faid Hofpitals, and of the Gover-4 nance and Eftate of the fame, and of all other Mat-4 ters neceftary and requifite in this Behalf, and the 4 Inquifitions thereof taken fhall certify in the King’s 4 Chancery. (3) And as to other Hofpitals which be 4 of another Foundation and Patronage than of the * King, the Ordinaries fhall inquire of the Manner of 4 the Foundation, Eftate, and Governance of the 4 fame, and of all other Matters and Things neceftary 4 in this Behalf, and upon that make thereof Correc-4 tion and Reformation according to the Laws of holy >4* 4 Church, as to them belongeth.

EN primes pur taunt qe plufeurs hofpitalx de-denz le Roialme dEngleterre founduz fibien par les nobles Rois de mefme le Roialme & Seignurs & dames efpirituelx & temporelx come par autres de diverfes eftates al honour de Dieu & de fa glorioufe meere en eide Sc merit des almes de les ditz foundours as queux hofpitalx mefmes les foundours ont donez grandement de lour biens moebles pur ledifications dicelles & grandement de lour terres Si tenementz pur ent fuftener viegles hommes & femmes lazars hommes Sc femmes hors de lour fennes & memories povres femmes enfein-tez & autres povres Sc la nurrir relever Sc refrefler en ycelles font ore pur la greindre partie encheiz Sc les biens Sc profttz dicelles par diverfes perfones efpirituelx Sc temporelx retraitz Sc defpenduz en autri oeps paront plufeurs hommes & femmes ont moruz en graund mefchief pur defaute de eide vi-vre & focour al difplefance de Dieu & perill des almes de tieux malveis defpendours le Roy noftre Seignur treftoverain confiderant les meritories Sc devoutes ententes de les foundours avauntditz Sc auxi les malveis & infolent governance en ycelles euz del advis Sc aflent fuifdit ad ordeigne Sc eftabiie qe quant as hofpitalx queux font del patronage Sc fundation le Roy les ordinairs par vertue des commifiions le Roy a eux adreftez enquergent del ma-ner de la fundation des ditz hofpitalx & de la governance & eftat dicelles Sc de toutes autres matiers en cefte partie necefiairs & bofoignables & linquifi-tions ent pris certifient en la Chauncelhrie le Roy. Et quant as autres hofpitalx qi fontdautri fundation & patronage qe de Roy les ordinairs enquergent del manere de la fundation eftat & governance dicelles Sc de toutz autres maters & chofes bofoignables celle partie Sc fur re facent ent corre&ion Sc reformation felonc les loies de feinte efglife come a eux appertient.

CAP. II.

A Corpus cum caufa, or Certiorari, to remove him who is in Execution at another Man’s Suit.

44 TTEM, Forafmuch as many Men have been con-44 JL demned in the Courts of our Lord the King, and 44 in the Courts of his Progenitours, as well within the

-a-

ITEM pur ceo qe pleufeurs gentz ont eftez con-dempnez en les courtz noftre dit Seignur le Roy Sc en les courtz de fez nobles progenitours fibien

Stat. i

487

A. D. 1414	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	V.

Ex Hot. in Turr. Lond. bien deinz la Citee de Loundres come en autres citees & burghs deinz le Roialme dEngleterre & par vertue de tielx condemnations ont cftez corn-mis a la prifone noftre Seignur le Roy pur y de-morer tanque ils ont fait gree as pleintifs vers queux ils furent comdempnez & apres par lour fuggeftions faitz en la Chauncellarie noftre Seignur le Roy ont euz diverfes briefs appellez certiorari corpus cum caufa hors de la Chauncellarie noftre Seignur le Roy diredtz as vifcountz ou gar-deins dez prifones ou tielx gentz condempnez font detenuz pur avoir lour corps ovs la caufe denprifonment de les condempnez fuifditz en la Chancellarie as jours contenuz en les ditz briefs apres queux briefs enfemblement ovefqe le corps & la caufe de condempnation retournez en la Chauncellarie fuifdite les ditz gentz iflint condempnez ont eftez deliverez en la Chauncellarie avauntdit par bailie ou par mair.prife ou a large fanz bailie ou mainprife encontre laflent & volume des ditz pleintifs & fanz afeun gree faire as ditz pleintifs de les fommes en queux ils font condempnez encontre la leie de la terre & iftint demurgent les ditz pleintifs fanz remedie en anientifement de leftat de tielx pleintifs & en defefaunce des jug-

fementz rend.z en les courtz avauntditz noftre it Seignur le Roy voillant ent faire remedie del advys & aftent avauntditz & a la requefte des Communes fuifdites ad ordcigne & eftablie qe ft afeun tiel brief de certiorari corpus cum caufa foit graunte ou ferra graunte en temps avenir & fur le dit brief foit retourne qe le prifoner qeft hunt detenu en prifone foit condempne par juggement qe maintenant foit remande ou demurge conti-nuelment en prifone folonc la ley de la terre fanz eftre lefiez aler par bailie ou par mainprife encontre la volunte des pleintifs fuifditz tanqe lour foit fait gree de les fommes iffint adjuggez.

44 Cjty of London, as in other Cities and Boroughs 44 within the Realm of England, and by the virtue of “ fuch Condemnations have been committed to the 44 Prifon of our Lord the King, there to remain until “ they have made Agreement to the Plaintiffs to whom 44 they were condemned; (2) after by their Suggef-44 tion made in the Chancery of ourLord theKing, they “ have had di vers Writs called Certiorari, and Corpus ami 44 Caufa, out of the Chancery ofourfaid Lord the King,

44 directed to the Sheriff', or Keepers of thePrifons where .

“ fuch Perfons condemned be holden, to have their 44 Bodies, with the Caufe of Imprifonment of the con-44 demned aforefaid, in the Chancery, at the Days con-44 tained in the faid Writs; (3) after which Writs, to-44 gether with the Body, and the Caufe of the Condem-44 nation, returned in the Chancery aforefaid, the faid 44 Perfons fo condemned have been delivered in the 44 Chancery aforefaid by Bail or by Mainprife, or en-44 larged without Bail or Mainprife, againft the Allent 44 and Will of the faid Plaintiff's, and without any 44 Agreement made to the faid Plaintiff's of the Sums in 44 the which they be condemned, aminft the Law of 44 the Land; and fo remain the faid Plaintiffs without 44 Remedy, in Hinderance of the State of fuch Plain-44 tiffs, and in defeating of the Judgements given in 44 the Courts aforefaid 4 (4) Our Lord the King,4-H. 6. f. 8.

4 willing herein to provide Remedy, by the Advice£-3*

4 and Alfent aforefaid, and at the Requeft of the fore-| Ed 1 ’ ffgIZ‘

4 faid Commons, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That 24 Ed. 3. f.z7* 4 if any fuch Writ of Certiorari, or Corpus cum caufa,

4 be granted, or fhall be granted at any Time hereafter,

4 and upon the faid Writ if it be returned, that the 4 Prifoner which is fo holden in Prifon is condemned 4 by Judgement-given againft him, that prefently he 4 fnall be remanded, where he fhall remain continually 4 in Prifon according to the Law and Cuftom of the 4 Land, without being let to go by Bail or by Main-4 prife againft the Will of the faid Plaintiffs, until 4 Agreement be made to them of the Sums fo adjudged.’	Rtz.tr.	B.	242.

CAP. III.

A Copy of the Libel in the Spiritual Court fhall be delivered.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes lieges noftre Seignur le Roy font citez de jour en autre dapparoir en courte Chriftiene devaunt juges efpiritueix a y refpondre as diverfes perfones ffbien des chofes qe touchent frank tenement dette trefpaffez covenantz & autres des queux la conifance appertient al courte noftre Seignur le Roy come de matrimonie h teftament & qant tielx perfones iffint citeez ap-piergent & demandent un libell de ceo qe lour eft furmys pur eftre enformez a doner lour refpons illoeqes ou autrement a purchacer brief noftre Seignur le Roy de prohibition felonc lour cas quell libell lour eft denie par les ditz juges efpiritueix al entent qe tielx perfones ne ferront mye par nul tiel brief aidez encontre ley & as graundes damages de tielx perfones iffint empledez Noftre dit Seignur le Roy del advis & alfent fuifditz & a la prier des ditz Communes ad ordcigne & eftablie qe a quelle heure la copie de la libell eft grauntable par la ley qil foit graunte h livere a la partie fanz difficulte*

44 "FTEM, Forafmuch as divers of the King’s liegeT2 Co’ 6l-44 J. People be daily cited to appear in the Spiritual’3 Co’4.1’-44 Court before Spiritual Judges, there to anfwer to di-44 vers Perfons, as well of Things which touch Free-44 hold, Debt, Trefpafles. Covenants, and other Things 44 whereof the Cognilance pertainetn to the Court of 44 our Lord the King, as of Matrimony and Tefta-44 ment; (2) and when fuch Perfons fo cited appear 44 and demand a Libel of that which againft them is.

44 furmifed, to be informed to give their Anfwer there-44 unto, or otherwife to purchafe a Writ of our Lord 44 the King, of Prohibition, according to their Cafe,1 Lotw-W--44 which Libel to them is denied by the faid Spiritualjl.^'A f■ 37»-44 Judges, to the Intent that fuch Perfons fhould not3 BLlftr. II“

44 be aided by any fuch Writ, againft the Law, and to mo.

44 the great Damage of fuch Perfons fo impleaded 4 (3) Our faid Lord the King, by the Advice and Af-4 lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the 4 Requeft and Inftance of the faid Commons, hath or-4 dained and eftablifhed, That at what Time the Libel 4 is erantable by the Law, that it may be granted and 4 delivered to the Party without any Difficulty.’ Ra<1,4-*”■

C A. P,.

4-38

Stat. i.

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

A. D. 1414.

.,C A P. IV.

What Juftices of Peace mu(l be Refident in the fame Shire; and at what Times they mu ft

hold their Quarter-Seffions.

1 Cambridge,

nR.2. c. 3.

&c.

Juftices of the Peace may fend their Writs for fugitive Servants or Labourers to every Sheriff of England.

Rep, 5 El, c. 4.

What Juftices of Peace and Quorum mu ft b< reliant in the fame Shire, what not.

At What Times 4 Juftices of the c Peace fhall hold * thftr Quarter < Seflioni.

36 Ed.- 3. c. 12. 12 R. 2. c. jo. c Twice in the <■ Y'ir Sufficient < in Mtddlejex by 14 H. C. c. 4.

IT E M, Forafmuch as the Servants and Labourers of the Shires of the Realm do flee from County to County, becaufe they would not be jufti-fied by the Ordinances and Statutes by the Law for them made, to the great Damage of Gentlemen and others, to whom they fhould ferve, becaufe that the faid Ordinances and Statutes for them ordained be not executed in every Shire;” ‘ (2) our Lord the King, willing in this Cafe to provide a Reme.’y, by the Advice and A {Tent aforefaid, and at the Requeft of the faid Commons, hath ordained and ftablilhed, That the Statute of Labourers made at Canterbury,* and all other good Statutes of Labourers made, and not repealed, be lirmly bolden and kept, and put in due Execution. (3) And moreover, That the Jil-ftices of Peace have Power to fend their Writs for luch fugitive Labourers, to every Sheriff of the Realm of England, and to make fucb Procefs as the Statute requireth, to bring them before them to anfwer to our Sovereign Lord the King, and to the Patties, of the Contempts and Trefpaffes made or done againft the Ordinances and Statutes aforefaid, in like Manner as the Juftices have Power to fend to every Sheriff for the Felons before them indicled. (4) And rdfo that all the Statutes and Ordinances of Labourers, Servants, and Artificers, before this Time made, and not repealed, be exemplified under the Great Seal, and fent to every Sheriff of the Realm of England, thereof to make Proclamation in full County, and after this Proclamation fo made, that every Sheriff thall caufc the faid Exemplification to him directed, to be delivered to the Juftices of the Peace in his County named of the Quorum, or to one of them, to remain with fuch juftices which be, or fnall be, for the better putting of the foref.tid Statutes and Ordinances in due Execution. (5) And in Shires where divers Commiiiions of the Peace be made, 'there fhail bt fo many Exemplifications of the Statutes and.Ordinances aforefaid made, as be Commiflions of the Peace in the fame Shires, and fent to the Sheriff’to make Proclamation, and to deliver the fame, as is afore faid.

‘ 1L And that the Juftices of the Peace in every Shire named of the Quorum, be Reliant within the fame Shire, except Lords named in the Commilfion of the Peace; and alfo except Juftices of the one Pencil, and of the other, the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, Serjeants at the Law, and the King’s Attorney, for the Time that the fame Juftices, Chief Baron, Serjeants at the Law, and the King’s Attorney, be intending and occupied in the King’s Courts, or otherwife in fome other Place occupied in the King’s Service; (2) and make their Seflions four Times by the Year, that is to lay, In the firit Week after the r caff of Saint Michael, and in the firft Week after the Epiphany, and in the firft AVeek after the Claufc -of Eajler, and in the firft Week after the Tranflation of Saint Thomas the Martyr, and more often, if Need be. (3) And that the fame Juftices j hold their Seluons throughout the .Realm of England]

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lor.d.

ITEM pur tant qe les fervantz St laborers des countees du Rcialme fenfuent des countees « countees a caufe qils ne voudrent eftre juftifiez par les ordeignanccs par. ley fur eux faitz a graunt damage des gentils St des autres as queux ils i’erve-rent a caufe qe les ditz erdeignances & eftatutz fur eux faitz ne font mye executz en toutz countees noftre Seignur le Roy voillant purvoir de re-medie cell partie del aflent & advys avantditz St a la requeft des ditz communes ad ordeigne St efta-blie qe leftatut de laborers fait a Cantebrigg & toutes autres bones eftatutz des laborers faitz & nient repellez foient fermement tenuz Sc gardez St mys en due execution. Et outre ceo qe les Juftices du pees eient poair de mander lour briefs pur tielx laborers fugitifs a chefcun vifeount dEng-leterre & de faire autieix proceffes come leftatut des laborers requiert pur eux amefner devaunt eux a refpondre a noftre Siegnur le Roy St a les parties des contemptz St trefpaflez faitz encountre les ordeignances St eftatutz Lifditz en maner come les ditz juftices out poair de mander a chefcun vifeount pur larons devaunt eux enditez. Et auxi qe toutz les eftatutz Sc ordeignances des laborers fervantz St artificers devaunt ces heures faitz St nient repellez foient exemplifiez defoutz le grauntz feal & mandez a chefcun vifeont dEngleterre dent faire proclamation en pleine countee Sc puis celle proclamation faite qe chefcun vifeont face deliverer la dite exemplification a luy diredt as juftices -de la pees en fon countec nomez en la Quorum ou a un de eux a demurrer envers tielx juftices qi font ou ferront purlemielx mettre les ditz eftatutz & ordeignances en due execution. Et es countees ou diverfes commiflions de la pees font faitz foient atantz des exemplifications des eftatutz Sc ordeignances avaunt- -ditz faitz come font commiflions de la pees en mefme le countee Sc mandez a vifeont a faire proclamation & les liverer come deffuis eft dit.

Et qe les juftices de la pees en chefcun countee nomez en ia Quorum refeantz deinz mefme le counte exceptz Seignurs nomez en la commiflion de pees & auxi exceptz les Juftices de lun Banc

&.dc lautre chief Baron de lefeheqer fergeantz de la leie cc attournes du Roy pur le temps qe mel’mes les Juftices chief Baron fergeantz St attournez font entendantz St occupiez en les courtz du Roy ou aiilours occupiez en fervice le Roy facent lour fef-ftons quatre foitz par an ceftaffavoir en la primer femaigne apres le fell de Seint Michel St la primer femaigne apres le fell de Tiphaine St en la primer femaigne apres le claufe de Pafk Sc en la primer femaigne apres la tranflation de Seint Thomas le martir St pluis fovent ft meftier foit. Et qe mefines les Juftices tiegnent lour feflions parmy tout Engkterre en mefmes les- femaignes chefcun

an

A. D. 14x4.

Ex Rot, in Tun-. Lond. an defore en avaunt & auxi qe les juftices de la pees deformes eient poair dexaminer fibien toutz maners laborers fervantz & lour meftres come artificers par lour ferementz de toutz maters & chofes par eux faitz a contrarie des eftatutz & ordinances avauntditz & fur ceo de les punir fur lour coni-fance felonc leffedt de les eftatutz & ordeignances avauntditz ficome ils feurent convidtz par enqueft. Et qe le vifcount de chefcun countee en Engleterre face bien & duement fon office cclles parties fur peyn de perdre au Roy xx livers.

S. 1 & 2 P. & At. c. 13. a 3 P. £? /It. c, 10. 7 fete. 1. c. 3. Geo. 2. c. 24. 16 Geo. 2. c. 18. iS Geo, 2. c, 20. 23 Geo. z. c. 20. avd-xoGeo. 2. c. 24.

C A

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

Stat.

489

‘ in the fame Weeks every Year from henceforth. (4) Juftices of.Pe3ce ‘ And alfo that the Juftices of Peace from henceforth L^^crT'ser-e have Power to examine as well all Manner of La- VJnts anj ot].er ‘ bourers, Servants, and their Mafters, as Artificers, Matters, and Ar-‘ by their Oaths, of all Things by them done contrary tificers, by their ‘ to their faid Ordinances and Statutes, and upon that°‘‘thSl ‘ to puniih them upon their Confeffion, after the Ef-‘ fedt of the Statutes and Ordinances aforefaid, as See farther nn-‘ though they were convidt bv Inqueft. (5) And that£'”T££\'o",y ‘ the Sheriff in every Shire of the Realm of England ^	,	Ed.

‘ fliall do well and duly his Office in this Behalf, upon 4. c. 2. 1 R. 3. c Pain to lofe and to forfeit to our Lord the King 3' 3 H-1- c-‘ twenty Pounds.’	V

21 Jar. 1. c. 12.	6 Geo. I. c. 21, fee. xo. q Geo. i. c. 7.	5 Geo. 2. c. iS CSf 19. 1 $

26. fee. 11, 24 Geo. 2. c. 44,	55, 26 Geo. 2. c. 14, & 27.	27	Geo. z. c. i6> &

p. v.

Procefs againft Felons dwelling in Tyndal or Exhamjhire in Northumberland.

IT EM pur ceo qe depar les communes del countee de Northumbr’ ont efte faitz trefgre-voufes compleints a noftre tres foveraigne Seignur le Roy en ceft prefent parlement de ceo qe pleu-feurs murdres trefons homicides roberies & autres malfaitz a plufeurs fez loialx lieges de mefme le counte par gentz demurrantz en icell countee dedeins les franchifes de Tyndale & Exhamfhire ou le brief le Roi ne court mys ja tarde ont efte per-petrez autrement qe nont efte faitz ou conuz par-devant atant de peril de les ditz lieges du Roy qe fanz due remedie cells partie mettre ils noferent a y demorer longement enavant a caufe qe tielx mal-felburs font enfi favorez par tielx franchifes. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy del advis & affent avant-ditz & al requeft des ditz Communes ad ordeigne & eftablie qe ft afeune perfone des ditz franchifes de Tyndale & Exhamfhire refeeant ou demurant deinz ycelles de quell eftat ou condition il foit face murdres trefons homicides ou robberies ou confent de Jes faire hors des ditz franchifes de Tyndale & Exhamfhire procefle foit fait devers luy par la commune leie tanqe il foit utlage h qe apres tiele ut-lagarie pronuncie & retourne facent ent les juftices devaunt queux tiele utlagarie foit retourne certification a tieux miniftres ou a tiel miniftre des ditz franchifes come a eux femblera meulz celle partie folonc lour diferetion & foit tiel feloun pris par tiel miniftre ou tielx miniftres & fez terres & tene-mentz biens & chateux efteantz deinz icelles franchifes feifez es mains des Seignurs de mefmes les franchifes de Tyndale & Exhamfhire pur le temps efteantz come forfeitz & qe les autres terres & te -nementz biens & chatcux de tiel felon efteantz hors de mefmes les franchifes demurgent entierment au Roy & as autres Seignurs aiantz ent franchifes come forfaitz favant toutzfoitz au Roy les forfeitures dautiels murdrours traitours homicidours rob-bours & autres malfefours qucconqes & dautres chofes queux a luy appertiegnent come de droit de fa corone.

TEM, Forafmuch as by the Commons of the 4	-7S=

__County of Northumberland grievous Complaints

“ have been made to our Sovereign Lord the King in “ this prefent Parliament, for that many Murders,

“ Treafons, Manflaughters, Robberies, and divers “ other Offences, to many of the faithful liege People “ of the fame County, by People dwelling in the fame “ County within the Franchife of Tyndal and Exham-“ Jlnre, where the King’s Writ runneth not, now of u late have been perpetrated otherwife than have been ;c done or known before this 'Lime, to fo many Perils of the faid liege People of our Lord the King, that :c without due Remedy in this Behalf provided, they ;c dare no longer there dwell, becaufe that fuch Offen-ders be fo favoured by fuch Franchifes;” ‘ (2) our ; faid Lord the King, by the Advice and Affent afore-' faid, and at the Requeft of the faid Commons, hath 1 ordained and eftablifhed, That if any Perfon of the faid Franchifes of Tyndal and Exhainjlnre, reftant or dwelling in the fame, of what Eftate or Condition that he be, do any Murders, Treafons, Manflaughters, or Robberies, or Confent to do them, out of the faid Franchifes of Tyndal and Exhamfhire, Procefs fhall be made againft him by the Common Law until he be outlawed; (3) and that after fuch Outlawry pronounced and returned, the Juftices before whom fuch Outlawry is returned fhall make thereof Certificate to fuch Minifter or Minifters of the faid Franchifes, as to them fliall feern beft in this Behalf, according to. their Diferetion ; (4) and fuch Felon fhall be taken by fuch Minifter or Minifters, and his Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chatties, being within the fame Franchife, feifed into the Hands of the Lords of the fame Franchifes of Tyndal and Exhamjhire for the Time being,, as forfeit; (5) and that the other Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chatties of fuch Felon, being out of the fame Franchifes, fhall wholly remain to the King, and to other Lords having thereof Franchife, as forfeit; (6) faring always to the King the Forfeitures of fuch Murderers,

Traitors, Manflayers, Robbers, and other Offenders,

and of other Things which to him do belong as of Extendedty 9 H.

the Right of his Crown.’	5-	T’-}-	c-	7-

*	t	By	14	El.	c.	1-.

Hexham ar.d Hexamlhire dtcUreJt) be zvilbttt the CMr/ya/'Nonhumbei'Isnih

Vol. L

Rr;

CAP,

Scat, i

Anno fecundo H e n r i c i V,

A. D. 1414

C A P. VI.

Breaking of Truce and Safe Conduit (hall be High Treafon. In every Port there (hall be a

Confervator of the Peace and Safe Conduit.

4 Inft. 152. Some have broken Truces and Safe Conducts, und others, have received and maintained them.

Breaking of Truce and Safe Gondudls (hall he High-Treafon,

Rep. 20 H. 6. c. 11.

3 Ed. 6. c. 12. z M. fel£ 1.

c

A ConfervatGi' c of the Truce	4

Hull be appointed < in every Port of t the Sea.	Q

The Authority * of the Conferva- 4 tor of the Truce, c c c

Death of a Man excepted out of * theConfervator's^ Authority. t

ITEM, Forafmueh as before this Time divers People, comprilecl within the Truces made as well by our Lord the King that now is, as by his noble Father, and alfo divers other People having Safe Conduits, as well of our Lord the King that now is, as of his noble Father, have been forne flain, robbed and fpoiled, by the King’s liege People and Subjects, as well upon the main Sea, as within the Ports and Co,'ills of the Sea of England, Ireland, and of TVales, whereby the faid Truces and Safe Conduits have been broken and offended, to the great Difhonour and Slander of the King, ant! againft his Dignity; (2) and the faid Manflayers, Robbers, Spoilers, and Offenders of the faid Truces and the King’s Safe Conduits, as is afore declared, have been by divers of th'e King’s liege People and Subjects within the Coafts of divers Counties, received, abetted, procured, concealed, hired, fuftained, and maintained ‘ (3) Our faid Lord the King, by the Advice and A (Tent afore-faid, and at the Rcqueit of the faid Commons, hath ord ined and declared, That fuch Manflaughter, Robbery, Spoiling, Breaking of Truce and Safe Conduits, and voluntary Receit, Abetment, Procurement, Concealing, Hiring, Suftaining, and Maintaining of fuch Perfons, to be done in Time to come by any of the King’s liege People and Subieits within the Realm of England, Ireland’, and Wales, or upon the main Sea, (hall be adjudged and determined for High Treafon done againft the King’s Crown and his Dignity. (4.) And in every Port of the Sea (hall be made and afligned from henceforth by the King, by his Letters Patents, one lawful Man called a Confervator of the Truce and the King’s Safe Conduits, which fliall have forty Pounds Lands by the Year at the lead.

(5)	And that the Confervator have Power and Authority by the faid Letters Patents, and alfo by Commif-fion of the Admiral of England, to inquire of all fuch Trealons and Offences to be done againft the Truce and Safe Conduits upon the main Sea, out of the Body of the Counties, and out of the Franchifes of the Five Ports of the King, as the Admirals of the Kings of England before this Time reafonably, after the oid Cuftom and Law on the main Sea ufed, have done or ufed. (6) And alfo that the faid Confervator have like and the fame Power to punifh all them which be or fhall be indiited or accufed before him, as well at the King’s Suit as at the Party’s, of any thing to be done againft the Truce and the King’s Safe Conduits upon the main Sea, out of the Body of the Counties and Liberties of the Realm of England, and out of the Franchife of the Five Ports, by fuch Procefs, Examination, Proofs, Determination, Judgement, and Execution, as Admirals of the Kings of England before this Time reafonably, according to the old Cuftom and Law upon the main Sea ufed, have done or ufed.

‘ II. Saving the Determination of the Death of a Man in this Behalf, and the Execution of the fame, fhall be always referved to the faid Admiral, or to his general Lieutenant out of the faid Franchifes of the

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe devaunt ces heures diverfes gentz comprifez deinz les trieues fibien faitz par noftre Seignur le Roy qore eftc come par fon trefnoble pier Et auxi autres diverfes gentz aiantz faufeonduitz fibien de noftre dit Seignur le Roy qore eft come de fon dit trefnoble pier ount eftez afeuns tueez afeuns robbes & defpoillez par les lieges Sc fubgitz de Roy fibien furle haut mer come deinz les portz & eoftes de meer dEngleterre dlr-land & de Gales parount les ditz trieues Sc faufeonduitz ount efte rumpez Sc offenduz a graunde difhonure & defclaundre de Roy Sc encountre fa dignite. Et les ditz tuers des hommes robbours fpoilleurs Sc offendotirs de les ditz trieues Sc faufeonduitz du Roy come deffuis efte declaree ount efte par diverfes lieges Sc fubgitz de R.oy deinz les eoftes de diverfes countees reeettez abettez procu-rez counfeillez loueez fuftenez Sc maintenuz. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy del advis Sc aflent fuifditz & al priere des dites Communes ad ordeine Sc declaree qe tielx tuerie robberie efpoillerie rumperie des trieues Sc faufeonduitz de Roy Sc voluntaries receit abettement procurement counfeill louere fuftenance & maintenance de tielx perfones affaires cn temps avenir par afeuns des lieges Sc fubgitz de Roy deinz les roialmes dEngleterre dlr-land & Gales ou fur le haut meer foient adjuggez Sc determinez pur haut trefon f it encountre la corone Sc dignite de Roy. Et qe en chefeun port de meere foit fait Sc affigne defore enavaunt par le Roy par fez lettres patentz un loial homme ap-pellc Confervatour des trieues & faufeonduitz de Roy qi eit xl. liverees du terre par an a meyns. Et qe le dit confervatour eit poair Sc auftorite par les ditz lettres patentz Sc auxi par commiffion del Admiral dEngleterre denquerer de toutz tielx trefons & offenfes affairez encountre les trieues Sc faufeonduitz de Roy fur le haut meere hors des-corps des countees Sc hors del fraunchife des cink portz de Roy come les Admiralles des Roys dEngleterre devant ces heures refonablement folonc launcien cuftume Sc leye fur le meere ufez ount faitz ou ufez. Et enfement qe le dit confervatour eit autiele Sc mefme le poair de punir toutz ceux qi fount ou ferrount enditez ou accufez devaunt luy fibien a fuyte de Roy come a fuyt de partie dalcune chofe affaire encountre les trieues Sc faufeonduitz de Roy fur le haut meere hors des corps des countees Sc libertees de roialme dEngleterre & hors de le dit fraunchife de cynk portz par tides-proees examination proves determination jugge-ment & execution come les Admiralles des Roys dEngleterre devant ces heures refonablement folonc launcien cuftume Sc ley fur la meer ufez ount faitz ou ufez.

Forfqe qe la determination de mort de homme ceft partie & lexecution dicell foient tutditz re-fervez a dit admirall ou a fon lieutenant-general hors de la dit franchife des ditz cink portz, Et qe

A. D. 1414. Anno fecundo

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond.

]e dit confervatour eit plcin poair & audiorite den-querer fibien deinz libertees Sc franchifes come dc-hors par gentz enhabitantz deinz le corps de coun-tee et liberte ou le dit port eft de toutz tielx trefons & offenfes affaires encountre les trieues & faufcon-djuitz de Roy deinz les corps de countee & liberte ou le dit port eft & de fair envers tieux a enditerz devaunt luy proces en la fourme enfuant ceftaffa-vpir par Capias & Exigendes qi ifferont fibien en mefmes les countees des quelles eft fuppofe tieux enditez eftre come en les countees lou tieux endi-tenientz font prifcz les queux capias & exigendes en ambideux countees foient retumables a un meftne jour & qc le primer Capias en ambideux countees eit jour de retourne par un moys a meyns & en cas.qe Capias & Exigendes foient cefte partie agardes qe les nouns & furnouns de tieux a endi-turs Sc la ville Sc de counte & la miftiere dont ils font foient efpecifiez' en lenditementz & en les proceffes dicelles. Et qe le dit confervatour eit plein poair doier a fuyte de queconqe qi foi vou-dra pleindre dcvaunt luy dafcune offenfe a la partie fait encountre les ditz trieues Sc faufconduitz. Et qe deux hommes apprifez de ley foint nomez Sc af-fociez en chefcune commiffion de Roy affaire a tiel confervatour. Et qe le dit confervatour & les ditz hommes apprifez de ley en la dite commiffion a luy affociez eient plein poair & auftorite de fair due deliverance folonc la ley de la terre de tielx enditez devant le dit confervatour des chofes affairez deinz le corps de countee ou lebertee ou le dit port eft encountre les ditz trieues & faufconduitz de Roy Sc determiner tieux fuytes commencez a fuyt de qiconqe partie qi foy voudra pleindre devaunt le dit confervatour dafcune offenfe .a luy fait encountre les ditz triues Sc faufconduitz Sc en due redreffe & remedie faire. Et qe les ditz deux hommes ifiint a le dit confervatour affociez foient afliftcntz et entendantz a dit confervatour pur faire les deliverances et determination en manere et fourme avauntditz qant ils fount par le dit confervatour refonablement requis. Et qe le dit confervatour et les ditz deux hommes de ley foient jurrez qils ne null de eux prendra ou prendront de nully ftnoun de Roy fee doun louere gage regarde ne brocage en afcun manere celle partie en deftour-bance de due inquifition et puniffement de tielx traitours et offendours avauntditz. Et qe le dit confervatour ferra refeant en le port et lieu ou il ferra affigne confervatour come avaunt eft dit. Et prendra chefcun confervatour pur le dit office chef-cun an xl. li. de Roy a meyns. Et qils foient jurrez qe ft afcune perfone de quele condition ou eftat qil foit eux ou afcune de eux procure excite ou abette de faire afcun chofe a contrarie dicefte ordinance Sc le ferement avauntdit qe chefcun de eux ferra due relation a noftre Seignur le Roy ou ala Chanceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ft haftiment come bonement purra faunz concelle-ment en afcun point fur piene demprifonement & faire fyn &c ranceon a voluntee noftre Seignur le Roy. Et qe le dit confervatour eit un feal de Roy ©rdeigne pur le dit office. Et qe le maiftre de

H E N R I C I V.	Stat.	I.	491

4 Five Ports. (2) And that the faid Confervator have 4 full Power and Authority to inquire, as well within 4 Liberties and Franchifes as without, byMeninhabit-‘ ing within the Body of the County and Liberty where 4 the faid Port is, of all fuch Treafons and Offences to ‘ be done againft the Truces, and againft the King’s 4 Safe Conducts, within the Body of the County and Li-‘ berty where the faid Port is, (3) and to make againft Procsfi to be ‘ thole Perfons before him Co indicated, fuch Procefs as ^warded againft ‘ here followeth, that is to fay, by Capias and Exigent, !hofe that be

*	which lhall as well go into the Counties of which fuch lnd-‘ae<ii ‘ Men fo indidted be fuppofed to be, as into the Coun-

4 ties where fuch Indictments be taken; (4) which Ca-4 pias and Exigent aforefaid in both Counties lhall be re-

*	turned at one Day, and that the firft Capias in both ‘ Counties have Day of Return by a Month at the leaft:

*	(5) And in cafe that the Capias and Exigent be awarded The Additions ‘ in this Behalf, that the Names and Surnames of fuch of the Fames

4 Perfons fo indicted, and the Town and the County, jn<J‘aeJ 4 and Myftery whereof they be, lhall be fpecified and de-lnferte<1,

‘ dared in the Indictments and Procefles of the fame.

‘ (6J And that the faid.Confervator have full Power to

*	hear, at every Man’s Suit which will complain before

4 himfelf, * or bis Lieutenant, of any Offence done to * Not h Orig.

4 the Party againft the faid Truces and Safe Conducts.

4 (1) And that two Men learned in the Law be named Tv™ Mon leara-‘ and affociate in every Commiffion of our Lord theed ‘ King to be made to fuch Confervator. And that the the Confer"-1'

4 laid Confervator, and the faid Men learned in the Law, vator’s Com-4 in the Commiffion to hi n affociate f and ajfigned, minion. The 4 lhall have full Power and Authority, to make iJelive- Authority of the 4 ranee, according to the Law and Ufage of the Land, 9onl"ejrvat°[d"d 4 of fuch Men fo indidled before the faid Confervator, c;aetes] ° *

4 of Things to be done within the Body of the County'

‘ or Liberty where the faid Port is, againft the faid ‘ Truce and the King’s Safe Condudls, and to deter-4 mine fuch Suits commenced at any Alan’s Suit which ‘ will complain before the faid Coniervator, of any Of-‘ fence done to him againft the faid Truce and Safe 4 Conducts, and thereof to make due Redrefs and Re-‘ medy. (8} And that the faid two Men to the faid ‘ Confervator fo affociate, be affifting and attending to

*	the faid Confervator to make the Deliverances and ‘ Determination in the Manner and Form aforefaid,

‘ when they be by the faid Confervator reafonably re-

‘ quired. (9) And that the faid Confervator, and the The Oath of the ‘ faid two Men of Law, be fworn, that they, nor none Confervator ani ‘ o them, lhall take Fee, Gift, Hire, Wages, Reward,Affoclates'

‘ or Brokage, of any other than of the King in any wife ‘ in this Behalf, in Hinderance of due Execution and ‘ Punifhment of fuch Traitors and Offenders aforefaid.

‘ (10) Andthatthe faid Confervator lhall berefiant in the ‘ Port and Places where he lhall be Confervator affigned ‘ as aforefaid; (ri) And every Confervator lhall take 4 yearly for the faid Office Forty Pounds of the King 4 at the leaft ; (12) and that they be fworn, that if any 4 Perfon, of what Eftate or Condition foever he be, pro-4 cure, excite, or abet them, or any of them, to do any 4 Thing contrary to this Ordinance and Oath aforefaid,

4 that every of them lhall make due Relation to our So-4 vereign Lord the King, or to the Chancellor of Eng-4 land for the time being, as fpeedily as he well may,

4 without Concealment in any Point, upon Pain of Im-4 prifonment, and to make Fine and Ranfom at the 4 King’s Pleafure, (13) And that the faid Confervator The Cunfcn 5for 4 have a Seal of our Lord the King ordained for the faid fliallhaveaScil. ‘ Office. (14) And that the Mailer of the Ship, Barge,

Rrrj	4	or

'f Not in Orig*

Anno fecundo Henrici V.	A.	D.	1414.

The Office of ‘ or Balinger, or other Veflel in the faid Port, be fworn, the Mailer and ‘ and the Poftefl'or alfo, if he be prefent, before the laid Poffirffor of a	c Confervator, before that he pafs out of the faid Port,

‘ that he lhall not attempt to do any Thing againft the What (hall be ‘ faidTruceand the King’sSafcCondmfts. (15) And al7 imoiiM by the c ,f0 that the faid Confervator fhall caufe to be inrolled of on.uva or. < Record before him, as well the Names of fuch Owners 4 and Mafters, as the Names of their Ship, Barge, Ba-‘ linger, or other Veil'd, together with the Number of The Conrerva'or k the Mariners in the fame being. , (16) And if they of"rhin.’T'6^ * ta*ce an^ ^ hing of the King’s Enemies, or of any taken iroinVhe ‘ others, they fhall cuufe to be brought fuch Things King’s Enemies 4 taken into the Port, and thereof make full Information by tnc Mariners. ‘. to the faid Confervator, before that they thereof make ‘ Difcbarge or Sale ; if it be not that by Force of Wind, ‘ Tempeft, or of Enemies, or fome other reafonable 4 Caule, fuch Ship, Barge, Balinger, or other Veflel, ‘ mult enter into another Port for the Prefervation. of ‘ the lame Velfel, or other Caule reafonable; and that 4 then they Avail make full Information to the faid Con-‘ fervator, or to the Confervator of the Port in which *■ the faid Veffels arrive or enter, of the Prize, and of ‘ the Quantity of the Thing, receiving a Letter tefti-‘ inonial under the faid Seal of the aforefaid Conferva-‘ tor, by the which the Confervator of the faid Port, 4- whereof the Veflel or Veffels fliall go out, may have *• Notice of the Quantity, and alfo ot the Value of the ‘ Goods and Chattels fo taken. (17) And if any Pof-4 feflor or Mafter of any Ship or other Veflel, go out of 4 any Port of the P,ealm of England, or difcharge his 4 Ship or Veflel againft the Form of this Ordinance,

4 that fuch Ship or Veflel, together with the Prize taken 4 in the fame duly made, fliall be forfeit to the King,

4 (18) and the Body of the Pofleffor or Mafter of fuch 4 Ship or VeffeL committed to Prifon, there to remain 4 until he hath made a Fine and Ranfom to the King.

4 III. Provided always. That no PoflelTors of Ships 4 going out of any Port fhall make any Fine nor Ran-4 fom, or have Imprifomnent of Body, if the fame Pof-4 feflors be not in the fame Ships at the Time of the Of-"A'hat Forfeitures ‘ fence committed againft this Ordinance. (2) And the sae Admud c fa;d Admiral fhall have the Forfeitures in all Cafes ‘ out of the fame Franchife of Five Ports aforefaid, as 4 he hath had, and hath been accuftomed of right to the 4 Office of the Admiral of England, before the making The Authority 4 of this Ordinance. (3) And that all fuch Conferva-• fthe Conferva-c tors to be made within the faid Five Ports have the ths 4 fame Authority and Power by the King’s Letters Pa-4 tents, and Commiffion of the Warden of the fame ‘ Ports for the time being, to inquire of fuch Offences 4 to be done upon the main Sea within the Franchifes 4 of the Five Ports out of the Body of the Counties,

4 and to punifti all them which fliall be before the faid 4 Confervator of the fame Offences indicted or accufed, 4 by like Procefs, Examination, Proofs, Determination-,

4 Judgement, and-Execution, as the faid Admirals rea-4 fonably, according to the old Cultom and Law upon 4 the Seaufed, have done and ufed out of the faid Fran-4 chife of the Five Ports ; (4) faving that theDetermi-4 nation of the Death of a Man in this Behalf, and the 4 Execution of the fame, fliall be within the fameFran-4 chife of the Five Ports referved to the faid Warden, TLe War den of-e or to kis general Lieutenant-there; (5.) and that the IT,lF,1V4	4 fame Warden fliall have all the Forfeitures there, in

Torfcitateofficrc*!C fuc^ Cafes as lie hath had, and have been accu-f-‘ tomed of right to the Office of the Warden of the Five

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. nief barge balenger ou autre veflell en le dit port foit jurre h le pofleflour auxi fil foit prefent devaunt le dit confervatour avaunt qil palie hors de dit port qil nattemptera riens encontre les ditz trieues & faufeonduitz de Roy. Et qe le dit confervatour face enroller de record devaunt luy flbien les nouns de tielx pofleflours & maiftres come les nour.s de lour nief barge balengere ou autre vef-1 fell enfemble ovefqe le nombre des mariners en icell I efteantz. Ft fils preignent riens des enemys de ! Roy ou dautres qiconqes qils tiele prife ferrount | amefner en le dit port & ent ferrount pleine en-formation a dit confervatour devaunt qils ent fa-cent defeharge ou vende ft ne foit qe par force de vent de tempeft ou des enemys ou autre caufe refonable tiel nief barge balengere ou autre veflell doit entrer en autre port pur lalvation de mefme le veflell ou autre caufe refonable. Et qils adonqes facent plein enformation a dit confervatour ou a le confervatour de le port en quell les ditz vef-felx arriveront ou entreront de la dite prife & de la quantite dicelle pregnant lettre teftimoniale foutz le dit feal de le dit confervatour par quele le confervatour de le port dount les vefleux ou veflell ifleront 011 iffit purra avoir notice de la quantite devalue des biens iffint prilez. Et fi afeun pofleflour ou meftre dafeun nief 011 autre veflell ifle hors daf-cun port du Roialme ou face defeharger fon nief ou veflell encountre la fourme dicefte ordinance qc tiel nief ou veflell enfemble ovefqe la prife par ycell duement fait foit forfaite a Roy & le corps du pof-fefiour au maiftre de tiel 1 ief ou veflell commys a prifone a y demorer tanqe il eit fait fyn & raunceon a Roy.

Purveu qe nulles pofleflours des niefs iflantz hors dafeun port ne face fyn ou ranceon neient emprifonement du corps fi mefmes les pofleflours ne foient en mefmes les niefs en temps de mef-priflon encontre cefte ordenance faite. Et ait le Admirall avantdit les forfaitures en toutz cales hors de la dite franchife de cynk portz avanditz come il ad eu Sc ad efte accuftume de droit al office del Admirall dEngleterre avant la fefance de cefte ordeignance. Ft qe -toutz tieux confer-vatours affairez dedeinz les ditz cynk ports eient mefme lauftorite & poair par Iettres patentz du Roy & commiffion del gardein de mefmes les ports pur le temps efteant denquerer .de- tielx offenfes affaires fur le haute meer- dedeinz les fraunchifes des ditz cynk ports dehors les corps des countees & de punir toutz ceux qi ferront devant ycell confervatour de mefmes les offenfes enditez ou accufez par autiels proces examinar tion proves determination juggement & execution come les ditz Admiralx refonablement fo-lonc launcien cuftume & ley fur le meer ufez ont faitz & ufez hors de la di e franchife de cynk ports forfqe qe la determination de mort de honime celle partie & lexecution dicell foient •dedeinz- mefme la franchife- de les cynk ports refervez a dit gardein- ou a fon lieutenant general illoeqes. Et qe. mefme le gardein eit toutz les. forfaitures. illoeqes- en toutz cas come il ad eu & ad eftee accuftumee de droit al of-1 fice du gardein de? cynk ports fuifditz avant

ceftes

A. D. 1414. Anno fecundo Henrici V.	Stat.	1.	493

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. cedes heures. Et qe les dites confervatours St chefcun de eux eient & ait poair de faire pleine execution dicefte ordinance en la Jo urine avant-dite. Et qe cefte ordeignance tiegne lieu & force pur chofe affaire ou attempter encontre mefme lordinance apres la proclamation diccfte ordinance St declaration faite.

Jee 4 II. 5. c, 7. in what Cajes Letters of Marque f.'all be granted.

c Ports aforefaid before this Time ; and that the faid ‘ Confeivators, and every of them, have Power to ‘ make full Execution of this Ordinance in the Form ‘ aforefaid. And this Ordinance fhali hold Place and ‘ Force, for any Thing to be done or attempted againft^“/fJ*<^>’

‘ this fame Ordinance, after the Proclamation of this;?'/ )

‘ Ordinance and Declaration'made.3	h!t.	1	x.arl

CAP. VII.

The Intent of the Hereticks called Lollards. Magiftrates fliall aflift: the Ordinaries in extirpating Herefies and punilliing Hereticks. Penalty on Hereticks convidt.

ITEM pur ceo qe grandes rumours congregations St infurredfions cy en Engleterre par diverfes lieges le3 4°. 4P Roy fibien par ceux qi furent del fedte de herefie appelle Lollardrie come par autres de lour confederacie £ Rn 2 5^atc'a excitation fit abbettement fe firent jatard a] entent de adnuller St fubverter la foy Chriftiene St la leie Dieuc. dedeins mefme lc Roialme & auxi a deftruer noftre treffoverain Seignur le Roy mefines St toutz ntaners eftates 2 H. 4. c. 15. dicell Roialme fibien efpirituclx come temporelx & auxi toute manere policie St les leies de la terre finalment. a5 H- 8‘ c- >+• Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy al honour de Dieu St en confervation St fortification dela foie Chriftiene St auxiRep^ 1 Ed- b’ en falvation de fon eftat roiale St de leftat de tout fon P.oialme voillant encontre la malice de tieux heretiks St j'eiVc. i. Lollardes mettre pluis overte remedie St pluis due punifiement qenont eftee euz St ufez en le cas pardevant iflint qe pur poure de mefmes les leie St puniffement tieux herefies St lolardries purront le pluiftoft ceffer en temps avenir del advis St affent fuifditz & a la priere des ditz Communes ad ordeigne St ettablie qen primes les Chaunceller Treforer Juftices de lun Banc St de lautre Juftices daflifes Jufticcs du pees vifeontz mairs St baillifs des citees St villes St toutz autres officers eiantz governance du poeple qore font St qe pur le temps ferront facent ferement en prifes de tour charges St occupations de mettre lour entiere peine St diligence douftier St faire ouftier ceffer St deftruir toutz maners herefiez St errours appellez vulgairementLollar-dries deinz les lieux es queux ils excercent lour offices St occupations de temps en. temps a tout lour poair St qils affiftent a les Ordinairs St lour commifihirs St les faverent St meinteignent a tantz de foitz come a ceo faire ils ou afeun de eux a ceo ferra ou ferront requyfez ou requys par mefmes les ordinaries ou lour commiffa-ries Iflint qe les ditz officers St miniftres qant ils travaillent ou chivachent pur arrefte aafcun lollard ou faire afliftence al inftance St requeft des Ordinaries ou lour commiffairies par vertue diceft eftatut qe.mefmes les Ordinaries ou commiffaries paient pur lour collages refonablement St qe les fervices du Roy a qi mefmes les officers font primerement feremeniz foient preferrez toutz autres eftatuitz pour la libertee de feinte efglife St les miniftres dicell St en efpeciale pur la correction St punition des heretiks & lollardes faitz devant ces heures St nient repelles efteiantz en lour force. Et auxi qe toutz perfones convi&ez de herefie de qeconqe eftat condition ou degree qils foient par les ditz Ordinaries ou lour commiffaries relinquez a feculer main foionc les leies de feinte efglife perdent fit forfacent toutz lour terres St tenerrentz queux ont en fee funple en manere qenfuit ceftafl'avoir qe le Roy eit toutz les terres St tenementz queux les ditz convides ount en fee fimple St queux font tenuz de luy immediate come forfaitz Stqe les autres Seignurs des queux I s terres St tenementz de tielx conviClz foient tenuz immediate apres cea qe fe Roy foit ent ieifi St refpondu del an jour St gaft eient liveree hors de main le Roy des terres St tenementz avaunditz iflint de eux tenuz come ad efte ufee en cas dattcindre des felonies forfpris les terres St tenementz queux font tenuz des Ordinaries ou lour commiffaries devant queux afeuns tieux empechez de herffie foient convictz les queux terres St tenementz entierment remaindrent a Roy come forfaitz St outre ceo qe toutz les biens Sc chateux de tieux conviClz foient forfaitz a noftre treffoverain Seignur le Roy panflint qenuHe perfone convidrde herefie St relinquez a feculer main foionc les leies de feinte eglife forface fes terres avaunt qil foit mert. Et fi afeun tiele perfone iflint convict foit enfeoffe foit il par fyn par fait ou fanz fait en terres ou tenementz rentes ou fervices en fee ou autrement en queconqe manere ou eit afeuns autres pofi'efiions on chateux par doun ou graunte dafeuny perfone ou perfones a autri ceps qe al ceps oe tielx conviClz qe mefmes les terres tenementz rentz ne fervkes nautres tieux pcffeflions ne chateux ne foient forfaitz a noftre foverain Seignur le Roy en nully manere. Et outre ceo qe les Juftices du Bank.le Roy St Juftices de pees St Juftices daflifes prendre eient pleine poair denquerer de toutz yceux qi teignent afeuns errours ou herefies come lollardes St queux fount lour maintenours recettours fautours fuflffgnours communes eferivers de tieux livres fibien de lour fermons come dc lour efcoles conventicles congregations St confederacies St qe cefte claufe foit mys es cummiffions des juftices de la pees. Et ft afeuns perfones foient enditez dafeuns des pointz fuifditz eient les ditz Juftices poair de agarder vers eux capias et-Joit le v.ifcount tenuz darreftcr la perfone ou perfones enfy endite ou enditeez ft toft come il les purra trover par ..luy ou par fes officers. Et pur tant qe la conufance des herefies errours ou lollardries apperteignent as Jugesjde feinte efglife St nemye as Juges feculers foient tieux enditeez liverez as Ordinaries des lieux ou a lour commiffaries par indentures en-tre eux affaires dedcinz x. jours apres lour areft ou pluis toft fi ceo purra eftre fait purrent eftre acquitez ou convidtz par les leies de feinte efglife en cas qe yceux perfones ne foient enditez dautre chofe dount la conu-fance appertient as Juges St officers feculers en quell cas apres ceo qils foient acquitez ou deliverez devaunt Juger feculers de riel, chofe appurtenant as Juges feculers foient envoiezeivfeure garde as ditz Ordinariez ou a lour commiffariez St a eux.liverez par indentures come defuis pur y eftre acquitez ou convidtz dicell herefies errours ou lollardries come avaunt eft dit felonc les leies de feinte efglife St ceo-deinz le terms iuifdit. Fur-veuqe les ditz enditementz ne foient prifez en evidence fi non pur enformation devaunt lesjuges efpirituelx encountre tieux enditez mes qe ks Ordinaries-commencent lour, graces. enverstieux.enditez en mefme la ma-

2.	‘	nere.-

494 Stat.	Anno fecundo Henrici V. A. D. 1414,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

nere come nulle enditement y fuiffe eiantz null regard a tielx enditementz. Et fi afcun foit enditee de herefie errour ou lollardrie Sc pris par le vifcount ou autre officer de Roy foit il leffe a mainpris deins les ditz dis jours par bon feurete pur quell les ditz vifcontz ou autres officers voilient refpondre Iffint qe la dite perfone ' iffint enditee foit prefte deftre delivere as ditz Ordinaries ou a lour comniiflaries devant le-fyn de le difme jour fuifdit fil purra afcunement pur maladie et ait chefcun Ordinarie fuffifantz commiflaries ou commiffair demurant en chefcun countee en lieu notable pariflint qe fi afcun del endite foit pris qe les ditz commiffairs ou commiffair poet eftre garny en lc lieu notable ou il eft demurant par le vifcount ou afcun de fes officers pur venir a la gaole le Roy en mefme lc counte de la rcfceivcr mefme lendite par endentures come defuis. Et qen les enqueftes en ceo cas apprendrcz.fac.ent les vifcontz & autres officers as queux il appent empa-neller bones St fufficeantz pcrfones nient fufpeStez ne procures ceftafffavoir tielx qi eient au meyns chefcun de eux qi ferra enii empanelle en tielx. enqueftez deinz le Roialme C. S. de terres tenementz ou de rent par an iur peine de perdre al oeps lc Roy vingt litres St ceux qi ferront empanellez en tielx enqueftez en Gales eit chefcun de eux a la value de xl s. par an. Et fi afcune tiel perfone foit areftue foit il par lordinairs ou par les officers ou miniftres de Roy efchape oil debrufe prifone avant qil foit acquite devant lordinaire foient fes biens &’ chateux queux il avoit le jour de tiel arreft forfaitz au Roy Sc fes terres St tenementz queux il avoit mefme le jour feifez auxi es mains le Roy & eit le Roy ent les profitz du dit jour tanqe il foi rende a mefme la prifone dont il efchapa. Et qe les avanditz Juftices eient plcine poair denquerer de toutz tielx efchapes &C debrufere dcs prifbnes Sc auxi de les terres tenementz biens Sc chateux de tielx enditez purveu qe ft afcun tiel enditee ne retourne a dite prifone & devie nient convict bien life a fes heirs dentrer en les terres & tenementz lour aunceftre fanz autre purfuite faire au Roy pur celle caufe. Et qe toutz yceux qont libertees Sc .franchifes roialx en Engleterre come le counte de Ceftre le countee Sc libertee de Durefme St autres fem-blaliles Sc auxi toutz les Seignurs qont jurifdidtions' Sc franchifes roialx en Gales ou les briefs du Roy ne curront mye eientffemhlable poair pour executer St mettent en execution en toutz pointz ceftes articles par eux ou.par-lour officers par maner come ferront les Juftices St autres officers du Roy defuis declarez.

A Rehearfal of the Statute of cc 33H. 4. C. 7. provided againft thofe that commit any Riot, cc Rout, or unlaw-<< ftil AfTembly. < c

•	cc cc

CC

cc

CC

cc

cc

•	cc

' CC

cc cc ■ cc <c

•	cc cc

' cc cc. cc

* Add then*

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

C A P.

Commifiions fhall be awarded to inquire of a

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Statute made the Thirteenth Year of the noble King Henry, Father to our Lord the King that now is, amongft other Things, That if any Riot, AfTembly, or -Rout of People againft the Law be made in any Part of the Realm, then the Juftices of the Peace, three or two of them at the leaft, ;and the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff of the County where fuch Riot, AfTembly, or Rout fhall be made hereafter, fhould come with the Power of the faid County, if Need were, to arreft'them, and them fhould arreft (2) and the fame Juftices, Sheriff, or Under-iSheriff, fhould have Power to record that which.they found fo done in their Prefence againft the Law; and that by Record of the fame Juftices, Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, fuch Trefpaffers or Offenders fhould be con-vi£t in Manner and Form as is contained in the Statute of Forcible'Entries. (3) And if it happen that fuch Trefpaffers or Offenders were departed before the coming of the Juftices, Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, that the fame Juftices, three or two of them, fhould diligently inqire within a Month after fuch Riot, AfTembly, or Rout of People fo made, and the fame hear and determine according to the Law of the Land ; (4) and if the Truth could not .be found in Manner as afore is faid, * within a Month then next enfuing, the faid Juftices, three or two of them, and the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff, fhould certify before the King and' his Council all the Deed and Circumftance of the fame ; which Certificate fhall be of like Force as the Prefentmcnt of twelve Men, upon which Certificate the faid Trefpaffers and Offenders fliall be put to anfwer, (5) and they which be found guilty, fhould be puniflied according to the Difcretion of the King and his Council. (6) And moreover, that the Juftices of Peace dwelling neareft in every County where fuch Rout, Affem-bly, and Riot of People fhould be madc hereafter,

VIII.

Rior, and of the Juftices Default therein.

ITEM come contenu foit en leftatut fait lan trefzifme del trefnoble Roy Henry piere a noftre Seignur le Roy qore eft entre autres qe ft afcun riote affemblee ou route des gentz encontre la leye fe ferroit en afcune partie de Roialme adon-qes les juftices du pees trois ou deux de eux au meyns & le vifeont ou foutz-vifeont de counte ou tiele riote affemble ou route fe ferroit enapres viendrent ove le poair du dit counte ft bofoigne ferroit pur eux arefter & eux areftrent & eufient mefmes-les juftices vifcount ,ou fouth-vifeount poair de recorder ceo qils troverent enft fait en lour prefence encountre la leie et qe par le record de mefmes les juftices vifcount ou fouth-vifeount ferroient tielx trefpaffours ou malfefours conviftz en manere. & fourme come eft contenu en leftatut de forcibles entrees. Et fil aviendroit qe tielx trefpaffours & malfefours fuiffent departiez devaunt le venue des ditz juftices & vifeont ou fouth-vifeont qe mefmes les juftices trois ou deux de eux enquergerent diligealment deins un moys apres tiel riote afTemble ou route des gentz enft faitz & ent oierent & terminerent folonc la leye de la terre et ft la verite ne purroit eftre trove en maner come devant eft dit adonqes deins un moys lors profehein enfuant certifierent les ditz juftices trois ou deux de eux Sc le vifcount ou fouth-vifeount fuifditz devant le Roy & fon confeil tout le fait Sc les circumftances dicell quell certificat foit de autiel force come la prefentenient de xij. Sur quel certificat foient les ditz trefpaffours & malfefours mys a refpons Sc ceux qi font trovez coupa-bles foient puniz folonc la difcretion du Roy Sc de fon dit confeil. Et outre ceo qe les juftices de la pees demorantz le pluis profehein en chefcun countee 011 tiel route affemble ou riote de gentz fe ferroit en apres cnfemblement ovefqe le vifeont ou 2	fouth-

A. D. 14x4.

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

Stair, r. 495

Ex Rot. in Turn. Loud, fouth-vifcount de mefme les countees & auxi les juftices dallifes pur le temps qils ferront en lour feffions en cas qe afcun tiel riote affemble ou route fe ferroit en lour prefence ferroient execution de cell eftatut chefcun fur peine de C. li. appaierez au Roy atantz de foitz qds ferroient trovez en de-faute del execution de mefme leftatut. Et pur tant qe pleufeurs riotes routes & affemblees ont efte faitz en diverfes parties du Roialme puis la confection & proclamation du dit eftatut a caufe qe mefme leftatut nad mye efte mys en due execution come noftre treftoverain Seignur le Roy lad concieu par diverfes & hidoufes compleintz a luy faitz en cefte prefent parlement Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy voillant fur ceo faire pluis greindre remedie del advys & affent avantditz & al priere des ditz Communes ad ordeigne & eftablie qe fi defaute foit trovee en les ditz deux juftices de la pees ou juftices dallifes & le vifcount ou foutz-vifcount del countee ou tiel riote affemble ou route fe ferra touchant lexecution qils doient faire par vertue del dit eftatut & dont mefme leftatut fait mention qadonqes al inftance de la partie grevee iffera commiffion le Roy defouz foil graunt feal denquerer fibien de la veritee del cas & de la matter originale pur la partie complcignante come de le defaute ou defautes des ditz juftices vifcount ou foutz-vifcount celle partie fuppofez a adreffer as fufficeantz perfones indifferentz a la nomination <k advis du Chaunceller dEngleterre & qe les ditz commiffioners meintenant envoient en la Chaun-cellerie les enqueftes & matiers devant eux celle partie prifez & trovez. Et outre ceo qe les coroners de mefme le countee pur le temps efteantz ou tiel riote affemble ou route fe ferra ferront les jpanelles fur la dite commiffion retournables pur le temps qe le vifcount iffint en defaute fuppof-e eftoife en fon office les quelles coroners retourne-ront nulles perfones mes tielx qe ont terres tene-mentz ou rent a lc value de x. li. par an a meyns. Et auxi qe mefmes les coroners retourneront fur chefcun des dites perfones a empanellcrz a le primer jour qan't iffuez font a perdrez xx. s. au meyns & a fcconde jour xl. s. a meyns & a tierce jour C.s. a meyns & a chefcun jour apres lc double au meyns les queux iffues iffint retournez par caufe de non apparance dc tielx empanellez ferront ajuggez come forfaitz au Roy & a fon oeps leva-bles. Et fi defaute foit trove en les ditz coroners touchant le retourne de tielx gentz a empanellerz ou touchant le retourne dautielx iffues come avant eft dit qe chefcun de eux perdra al oeps le Roy xl. li. Et fil aveigne qe le dit vifcount enfi ret'ce en defaute foit defcharge de fon office,a temps qe tiel commiffion iffera hors de la Chauncellerie qadonqes le novell vifcount de mefme le counte fon fuc-ceffour immediat ou mediat pur le temps efteant & nient les coroners de meifme le countee ferra le panell fur celle commiffion retournable en les maner & fourme come les ditz coroners ferront en temps qant le vifcount iffint rette en defaute efteit en foil office. Et qe mefme le novell vifcount encourgera autiele "peine de xl,. li. envers lc Roi.

ce together with the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff of the “ fame Counties, and alfo the Juftices of Affifes for <e the Time that, they {hall be in their Seffions, in “ cafe that any fuch Riot, Affembly, or Rout be “ made in their Prefence, {hall make Execution of “ this Statute, every one of them upon Pain of an “ C. li. to be paid to the King, as often as they fhali “ be found in Default of Execution of the fame “ Statute. (7) And forafmuch as many Riots,

‘• Routs, and Affemblies have been made in divers “ Parts of the Realm, fince the making and Procla-“ mation of the ffime Statute, becaufe that the fame “ Statute hath not been put in due Execution, as our “ Sovereign Lord the King hath perceived by divers “ and grievous Complaints to him made in this pre-“ fent Parliament ‘ (Sj the fame our Lord the Commiflions ‘ King, willing hereof to provide a better Remedy, by*3!1 be.awarded ‘ the Advice and Affent aforefaid, and at the Suit of^U"^^

‘ the faid Commons, ha h ordained and ftabliflied, juftices and ‘ That if Default be found in the faid two Juftices of SheriffsDefaults, ‘ the Peace, or Juftices of Affifes, and the Sheriff or4 Inft-lS4-‘ Under-Sheriff of the County, where fuch Riot, Af-c fembly, or Rout {hall be made, touching the Execu-‘ tion that they ought to make by Virtue of the faid ‘ Statute, and whereof the faid Statute maketh Men-‘ tion, that them at the Inftance of the Party grieved,

‘ the King’s Commiffion fhali go out under his Great ‘ Seal, to inquire as well of the Truth of the Cafe, c and of the original Matter for the Party Complainant,. c as of the Default or Defaults of the faid Juftices,.

‘ Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, in this Behalf fuppofed, c to be directed to fufficient and indifferent Perfons, at e the Nomination and by the Direction of the Chaii-‘ cellor of the Realm of England; (9) and that the ‘ faid Commiffioners prefently {hall return into the ' Chancery the Inquefts and Matters before them in ‘ this Behalf taken and found ; and moreover, thatThe Coroners-1 the Coroners of the fame County for the time being, f”11 rfturn,thf 1 in which County fuch Riot, Affembly, or Rout w"hautesufficiency-\ fhali be made, {hall make the Panel upon the faid the jurors (hall ' Commiffion returnable for the Time that the Sheriff ' fo fuppofed in Default fliall continue in his Office,.

' (n) which Coroners {hall return no Perfons, but w"at Ifru“ '■’ne' only fuch which have Lands, Tenements or Rents“into the Value of xl. by \ ear at leaft; (12) and alfojurors, and-that the fame Coroners fhali return upon every of the upon what Pe~ faid Perfons empanelled at the firft Day when.Iffues n:ilty-‘ be to be loft, xx s., at the leaft, and at the fecond

*	Day xl s. at the leaft, and at the third Day C. s. at ‘ the leaft, and at every Day after the Double at the ‘ leaft ; which Iffues fo returned by Caufe of Non-c appearance of fuch Perfons empanelled, fhali be ad-c judged as forfeit to the King, and leviable to his Ufe ;■

‘ (13I and if Default be found in the faid Coroners,.

‘ touching the Return of fuch Perfons to be empanel-c led, ortouchingtheReturnoffuchIffues,asafcreisfaid,.

‘ that every of them, fliall forfeit to the King’s Ufe Where the She--

*	forty Pounds; (14) and if it happen-that the laid a”a ‘ Sheriff fo reputed in Default be difeharged1 of his

Office at the lime that fuch.Commiffion-fhali be ‘ awarded out of the Chancery, that then the new c Sheriff of the fame County, his Succeflor mediate or, c immediate for the time being, and not the Coroners ‘ of the fame County, fliall make the Panel upon this ■ t Commiffion returnable in Manner and Form, as. the ‘ faid Coroners fhould do in Time whm the Sharifl’ fo-.

^■reputed1'in Default1 continued in his Office; (15)

496 Stat. i.

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

A. D. 1414.

A Writ dire£ted 4 out of the Chan- 4 eery to inquire 1 of Riots.	,

A Riot fhall be repreffed and inquired of at	<

the King’s	c

Charges.	<

* Add and re-	t

turning.

The Punifhment * of Rioters. c

Each able Terfon ihall be afiiftant 4 to the Juft ices	c

2nd Sheriff to < reprefs Riots. t

Bailiffs of Franchifes.

Riots committed in Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate.

and that the fame new Sheriff fhall incur like Pain of forty Pounds to the King, if any Default in him he found touching the Return of other Perfons by him empanelled, which have not Lands, Tenements, or Rents to the Value of Ten Pounds by Year, or of returning fuch Ilfues which the faid Coroners be above charged to return, as the faid Coroners are to lofe to the King in this Behalf. (16) And that the Chancellor of England, for the time being, as foon as he may have Knowledge of fuch Riot, Affembly, or Rout, fhall caufe to be Cent the King’s Writ to the Juftices of the Peace, and to the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff of the County where they be fo made, that they fhall put the Statute in Execution upon the Pain contained in the fame ; and though that fuch Writ come not to the faid Juftices, Sheriff, orUnder-SherifF, they fhall not be excufed of the Pain afore-faid if they make not Execution of the faid Statute.

‘ II. Provided always, That the faid Juftices, and other Officers aforefaid, fhall execute their Offices aforefaid at the King’s Cofts, in going and continuing * in doing their faid Offices, by Payment thereof to be made by the Sheriff of the fame County for the time being, by Indentures betwixt the Sheriff and the faid Juftices, and other Officers aforefaid, to be made of the Payment aforefaid, whereof the faid Sheriff upon his Account in the Exchequer may have due Allowance ; (2) and that fuch Rioters attainted of great and heinous Riots, fhall have one whole Year’s Imprifonment at the leaft, without being let out of Prifon by Bail, Mainprife, or in any other Manner, during the Year aforefaid ; (3) and that the Rioters attainted of petty Riots fhall have Imprifonment as heft fhall feem to the King or to his Council; (4) and that the Fines of fuch Rioters attainted, fhall be by the faid Juftices increafed and put to greater Sums than they were wont to be put in fuch Cafes before this Time, in Aid and Suppor-tation of the Juftices and other Officers aforefaid in this Behalf; (5) and that the King’s liege People being fufficient to travel in the County where fuch Routs, AiTemblies, or Riots be, fhall be affiftant to the Juftices, Commiffioners, Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff of the fame County, when they fhall be rea-fonably warned, to ride with the faid Juftices, Com-miffioners, and Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, in Aid to refift fuch Riots, Routs, and AiTemblies, upon Pain of Imprifonment, and to make Fine and Ranfom to the King; (6) and that the Bailiffs of Franchifes fhall caufe to be impanelled fufficient Perfons as before, upon Pain to lofe to the King forty Pounds, in cafe that fuch fufficient Perfons may he found within the fame Franchifes ; (7) and that like Ordinances and d Place,

Ex Rot. In Turr. Lond. fi afeun defaute en luy foit trovee touchant !e re-tourn dautres perfones par luy a empanellerz qi nont terres tenementz ou rent a le value de x. 1. par an ou de retourne dautielx iffues come les ditz coroners font fuifchargiez de retournir ficome les ditz coroners font a perdre envers le Roy ceft partie. Et qe le Chauncelier dEngletsrre pur le temps efteant ft toft come il purra avoir conufance dautiel route affemble ou riote il face envoier brief le Roy as juftices de la pees Sc avifeont ou foutz-vifeont del countee ou iis font iffint faitz qils mettent ieftatut ent fait en execution fur la peine contenue en ycelle. Et coment qe tiel brief ne veigne mye as ditz juftices Sc Ufcont ou foutz-vifeont eux ne ferront pas excufez de la peine avantdite fils ne facent mye execution del eftatut fuifdit.

Purveu qe les juftices Sc autres officers fuifditz ferront lour offices fuifditz as collages du Roy en alant demorant St retournant en fefantz lour dites offices per paiement ent affaire par le vifeount de mefme le countee pur le tempts efteant par endentures entre le dit vifeont Sc les ditz juftices St autres officers fuifditz afaires de le paiement fuifdit dont le dit vifeont fur l'on accompte en lef-cheqer purra avoir due allouance. Et qe tielx riotours atteintz de grauntz St haynofes riotes eient emprifonement dun an entier a meyns fanz eftre leffe hors du prifone par bailie mainprys ou en autre maner durant lan fuifdit. Et qe les riotours atteintz des petitz riotes eient emprifonement come femble melx a Roy ou a fon confeill. Et qe les fyns dicelles riotours atteintz foient par les ditz juftices encreffez St mys a greindres fom-mes qils ne foloient eftre mys en tielx cafes devant ces heurcs en aide St fupportation dejes collages des juftices St autres officers fuifditz celle partie. Et qe les lieges du Roy efteantz fufficeantz pur travailler en le countee ou tielx routes affemSles ou riotes font foient affiftentz as juftices commiffioners vifeont St foutz-vifeont de mefme le countee qant iis ferront refonablement garniz pur chi-vacher ove les ditz juftices commiffioners St vifeont ou foutz-vifeont en aide de refiftence de tielx riotes routes St affemblez fur peine demprifonement St faire fyn St ranceon a Roy. Et qe les baillifs des franchifes facent empanel ler fufficeantz gentz come defuis fur peine de perdre au Roy xl. li. en cas qe tielx perfones fufficeantz purront eftre trovez deinz mefmes les franchifes. Et qe fem-blables ordeignances St peines teignent lieu Sc force en citees burghs St autres villes St lieux enfranchifez queux ount juftices de la pees deins les citees burghs villes St autres lieux fuifditz et



Pains fhall hold Place, and take Effedl in Cities;

Boroughs, and other Places and Towns infranchifed,

which have Juftices of the Peace within the Cities, j qe ceft eftatut commencera a tenir lieu meinte Boroughs, and other Places aforefaid ; (8) and that! naunt apres la proclamation en fait. jsfm-tker 1111. c this Statute .hail begin to hold Place prefently after 19 VCy. c i3 c ^le Proclamation thereof made.’	j

//. 8. y. 20. 3	4	Ed.	6.	c.	c.	1	M.	J'JJ-	2.	c.	12. I El. c. 16. and I Geo, I. fat. z. c. 3. iy-wbicb tafi A£l certain Kinds of Riots arc made Ftltni

•wiiUut Bern jit ofthe Clergy,

CAP. IX.

A Remedy to punilh him that doth commit Felony, and flee into an unknown Place.

T E M, Forafmuch as great and grievous Complaints have been made to our Sovereign Lord the King, by the Commons in this prefent Parlia-

ITEM pur ceo qe graunde Sc grevoufe com-pleint ad die fait a Roy noftre foverain Seig-nur par les communes en ceft prefent parlement

de

A* P* 1414.

Ex Rot. in Tun\ Lond,

.dc diverfes murdres homicides-robberies -bateries alfcmblees de gentz,e'n graund nourpbre par ma-nere dinfurredjdon .&',de diverfes' autrcs .rebellions Sc .riotes & apres tieux rnaffaitz • les ditz leions Sc, meffefoures fenfuent & retrehent as diverfes boys & lieux covertez Sc difconuz & ail-lours a Entente Sc purpos de voider lexecution ,de la commune ley & qils ne ferroient afmefnez a refpounfe felonc proces de la ley Sur quoy noftre dit foverain Seignuf le Roy conliderant lafuifdite compleint par aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporclx en mefne le parlement affemblez ad ordeine &cftabliza larequcfte des ditz Communes qe fi afeuny en temps avenir viegne cn la Chauii-cellarie & face compleint duement qc alcun tiel felon ou maffefour come avaunt eft dit fen eft fuy ou retrehet a afeun tiel lieu ou aillours a lentente ftftfdit foit fur tiel compleint une bilie fufficlantment fait pur le Roy & ait ie Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps elleant apres tide bille a luy liveree fil poet eftre enformez duement tiele bille contenir veritee poair de faire folonc fa diferetion un brief de Capias a la fuite de'Roy dieoff a-vifcount de countee ou countees ou les ditz murdres homicides robberies bateries Sc au-tres nieffaitz font fuppofez par la' dite bills eftre faitz & perpetrez -retournables en la dite Chaun-cellarie; A certei'n :jour. . Et- ft les performs en ie ft it1 brief ftcmtenuz foieiYtfprifez p'ar le dit vifcount ou foy T- nderit’'Cn iticfin'S^ la Chauncellarie qa-donqes foient tielx perfones mys en garde ou a maiuprife felonc la diferetion du Chaunceller. . Et outre foit maunde denquerer de tielx malfaitz Sc fur ceo foit fait come la.Ieie demands. Et file vifcount retourne a jour de Capias retourn-jablefqc^ks p’erfones en ycelles■ comprifez par ;af-•cun de- les caufes fuifditz nepurr6nt eftre par luy-prifez ne mefmss les perfones ne loi rerident -en la. dite Chauncellerie qadonqes face le dit ■chaunceller .faire brief de proclamation diredt au dit vifcount retournable en Banc du Roy a certein jour qil face proclamation cn deux countees qe les perfones eri le dit brief nouiez. veignent a dit jour en le fuifdit banc pur y refpondre a la matier compris en la dite bille fur,peine deftre conviclz de la' matier compris dpins la dite bille Sc en chefcun tiel brief de proclamation foit content! ■la fubftance de la matier compris deins la dite bille Sc fils ne veigrtent- a‘ jaur'de tide proclamation retournee foient adonqes tenuz Sc adjuggez ,.pur convidtz Sc atteintz come defuis eft dit & fils veignent a la proclamation foit de eux enquis & fait en manere come defuis eft dit.

.. Purveu qe ks fuggeftions de tielx riotes foient ixfmoignez a le Chaunceller dEngleterre par let-.tres enfealez defoutz les Teals de deux juftices du :pees a meiris Sc le vifcount del countee ou tielx riotes ferront devant ceo qe tiel brief de Capias foit graunte en quel brief de Capias foit fibien la matiere expreffe quel eft compris 'deins mefme la biile come en le brief de proclamation ent affaire. -Et ft tiel cas aveigne en 'le countee palatyn de Laqcaftre ou aillours en franchife la ou il y ad • Vol. I.

Anno fecundo H e n r i c i V.

•St at.

1.

49 7

“merit, of divers Murders, Manflaugh'ters, Robberies,,

“ Batteries, AfTemblies of People In great-Number in 44 Manner of Jnfurreciion, and of divers other Rebcl-44 lions and Riots, and after- fuch -Offences the faici “■ Felons and Offenders flee, and withdraw them-44 felves into divers Woods and fecret Places and un-44 known, and elfewhere, to the- Intent- and Purpofe 44 to avoid the Execution of the Common Law, and 44 that they might not be brought to'anfwer*4 (2)*. Add according ‘.. whereupon our Sovereign Lord the King, confideringf5 ProcefsofL<&tr-‘ the aforefaid Complaint, by the Advice and Aflent ‘ of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal in the-fame	■	-

‘ Parliament aflembled, hath ordained and ftablifhed ‘ at the Requelt of the laid Commons, That if any ‘ Pcrfon hereafter come into the Chancery, and make ‘ Complaint duly, that any fuch Felon or Offender,

‘ a.s afore, is faid, flee or withdraw himfelf into any •4 fudl Place, or. elfewherej to’- the Intent aforefaid,

‘ upon fuch a Complaint a Bill fliall be Efficiently 4 made for-the King ; (3) and the Chancellor of Eng-4 land for the Time being, after fuch a Biil to him ‘ delivered, if he may be duly informed, that .fuc 1. a ‘ Bill cpn-tairieth Truth,- fliall have Power to make ac-4 cording., to -his Diferetion • a Writ of Capias at the 4 King’s Suit, directed to the Sheriff of the County or c Counties where the faid Murders, Manflaughters,

;4,.Robberies, Batteries, and other Offences be fup-‘ pofed by rhe faid Bill to be done and- perpetrate, re-turnable in the faid Chancery at a certain Day, (4) The Party ac-‘ And if the.Perfons . in the faid Writ contained bels tike"

4 taken by the faid Sherift', or yi Id the'mfelves in thej^y-jj,^11 ’

4 fame Chancery, that then fuch Perfons fliall be put himfelf.

‘ in Ward or toiVIainprife, according to theDifcretion ‘ of the Chancellor. (5) And moreover be it com-‘ mtmded 'to.-inquire of fuch Offences, and upon ‘ that fliall be done as the Law requireth. (6) And The sheriff «-4 if the;Sheriff return at the Day of the Capias return- tlirneft, that .

4, able, that the Perfons in.the fame comprifed foe any	cannot

4 of thefe Caufes aforefaid, cannot.be by liim taken,JL ‘ neither the fame.Perfons. do;yield therufelves in the’ ' p .'

‘ faid Chancery,,that then the faid Chancellor fh'all -‘ caufe to be made a Writ of Proclamation diredted c to the faid Sheriff, returnableun the King’s Bench at'

‘ a certain Day, that he fliall make Proclamation' in ‘ tvvo Counties that the'Perfons named in the faid Writ ‘ fhall come at the faid Day in the Bench aforefaid,

‘ there to anfwer to the Matter comprifed-within the 4 faid Bill, upon Pain to be convidt of the Matter coni- ■

‘ prifed Ln.tlie faid Bill ;■ (7) and that in-every fuch 4 Writ of Proclamation fliall be-contained the Sub-4 ftance of the Matter- comprifed within the faift Bill:

4 (8) And if they come not at the Day of fuch Procla--4 mation returned, then fliall they be liolden and ad-4 judged for convict and attainted as aforefaid ; and if 4' they come at the Proclamation, it fliall be of themiii-4 quired and done in Manner as above js faidv

4 II. Provided - always, "That' the 'Suggeftipris ofTf-e Supgeflicr.s 4- fuch Riots be teftifled .to the Chancellor of England*|

4 . by Letters .fealed under the Seals cf two Jtiftices ot^ier tfo-fciV 4 the Peace at the .lealt, and the Sheriff of tns-County two Judiccs 4 where.fuch Riots fliall be made, before that the WVit'T Peace and the 4 oi Capias be granted; (2) in which'Writ of Capias,^211*1'

4 the Matter which is comprifed witllin- 'tlia fame Bill 4 fliall be as well expreffed, as in the Writ ofiProcla-4 mation .thereof to be made. (-3) And if -fuch Cafe committed 4 happen in the County Palatine of Lr.imjhr, or-elfe'^^^Tj a 4 in any Franchife where, there is a Chancellor and a Chancellor and S S S	‘	Seal,a Seal.

Stat. i.'

49 8

Anno fecundo Henrici V. A. D. 1414.

*	Seal, that then the Chancellor of England fhall caufe ‘ to be written or fent by the Kings Writ to the

*	Chancellor of fuch County or Franchife, all the ‘ Suggeftion in the faid Bill comprifed, commanding ‘ him to make fuch Execution as in the faid Article is ‘ comprifed ; (4) fo always that the King’s Writ fhall ‘ not run out of the Chancery of England in fuch a ‘ County or Franchife, otherwife than hath been ufed ‘ in Time paft; (5) and that this Ordinance fhall

, ‘ Hand in his full Force until the End of the nextPar-

Mactepcrpcte < ]iament>> fry 8 H. 0. c. 14.

See tie References to the foregoing Chapter.

Ex Rot. In Turr. Lond.

Chaunceller & feal qadonqes le dit Chaunceller dEngleterre face eferiver ou envoier par brief du Roy a le Chaunceller de tiel countee ou franchife toute la fuggeftion en la dite bille compris commandant a luy de faire tiel execution come en le dit article eft compris illint toutz foitz qe brief du Roy hors de la Chauncellarie dEngleterre ne courge en tiel Countee ou franchife autrement qe nad efte ufee en temps paffe h qe cefte ordinance eftoife en fa force tanqe al fyn du profehein par-lement.

Other Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 2 Hen, V. Stat. 2.

and Anno Dom. 1414.

OU R Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at JVeJlminJler, the Monday next after the Utas of St. Martin, the fecond Year of his Reign, by the Advice and Affent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Commons of his Realm then there affembled, hath ordained and eftablifhed divers Ordinances and Statutes in the Manner and Form' as followeth,”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. e.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roy a fon parle-ment tenuz a Weftm’ le Lundy apres les oeptaves de feint Martyn lan de fon regne feconde del advis & affent des Seignurs efperi-tuelx & temporelx & a les efpecialx requefte & inftance des Communes de fon Roialme adonqes illoeqes aftemblez ad ordeine fait & eftablie diverfes ordinances St eftatutz en la fourme qenfuit.

CAP. I.

What Sorts of Men fhall be Juftices of the Peace.

4 Tr.ft. 51.

I Ed. 3. ftat, 2. c. 161 4 Ed. 3. c. X. 18 Ed. 3. Jiat. x. c. z.

34 Ed. 3. c. I.

12 R. 2. C. 10.

FIRST, That the Juftices of the Peace from henceforth to be made within the Counties of England, fhall be made of the molt fufficient Perfons dwelling in the fame Counties, by the Advice of the Chancellor and of the King’s Council, without taking other Perfons dwelling in foreign Counties to execute 13 R. 2. Jiat. 1. ‘ fuch Office, except the Lords and the Juftices of Af-r> 7"	*•	fifes	now named, and to be named by the King and

*■ his Council; and except all the King’s chief Stew-* ards of the Lands and Seigniories of the Dutchy of ‘ Lancajler, in the North Parts, and in. the South, for * the time being.’

See farther-for the ^uahfcations and Duty of Juf ices of the Peace 18 H. 6. c. it. I Ed. 4. c,

3 ^ 2 ?i M*c. 13.	3 P. & M. c. 10.	7 Jac. 1. c, 5. zi Jac. 1. c. iz. 6 Geo. 1. c. zi. fee. 10.	9	Geo.	1.	c.	7.	5	Geo.	2.	c.	18	&	19.	16

C10.2. c* 18,	2.	r.-Zo. %yGeo, z. c* 26, 24 Geoi 2, c. 44	55. z6 Geo- 2.. c. 14, 27.. 27 Geo, 2,. <vi6 £f20. and 30Geo. 2,.c, 24.

PRimerement qe les juftices de Ik pees defore enavaunt affaires deinz les countees dEngleterre Coient faitz de les .pluis fufficeantz per-fones- deinurantz en mefmes les countees par advis du Chanceller & confeylL le Roy fanz prendre autres perfones demurantz en foreins coun-. tees a tiel. office occupier forfpris les Seignurs &c l'cs juftices daffifes ore nomez & anomerz par-le Roy & fon confeil & forfpris auxi les chiefs ■ fenefehalx du R'oy des terres & Seignuries del Du-chee de Lancaftre en le north. & le fouth pur le temps efteantz.	fa

2. 1 R. 3. c. 3. 3 H. 7. c. 1. 4 H. 7. c. r*y I M. f at, 2. c. 8-

36 Ecl/3 flat. c. 8. 1

Rep. 21-Jac.

6.28,

C A P. IT*

The Yearly Wages of Chaplains and Parifh Pfiefts fettled:

*■ T T E M par la ou eft contenue en leftatut fait la xxxvij. le Roy E. tierce puis le conqueft qe nuf chape-JL lcin parochiellou annuell prendroit pur foude par an qe vj. marc’ ou cynk a pluis les chapeleins paro-11 chielx & annuelx qore font ne vorrent fervir qe pur x. li. ou xij. marez ou x. marez- par an a meyns en-countre la fouru.e du dit eftatut & a graund damage dedes lieges du Roy come il ad fentu de la compleynt de la communalte de fa terre le Roy voillant a ceo mettre remedie en eafe de fa dite communalte ad ordeigne & eftablie qe nuls chapeleins annuelers dedeinz le Roialme preignent defore enavaunt pluis pur lour eniier falarie par lan. ceftaflavoir pur fez table vefture H autres neceffaires qe vij. marez ne 1 s chapeleins parochielx qi font ou ferront ret. nuz.a fervir cures preignent defore enavaunt pur lour entier falarie annual ceftaffavoir pur les chofes avauntditz finon viij. marez fil ne foit par licence del Ordinarie illint qe la fomme entier licencie par. lordinarie ne palle ix. marez*

4>-

C A P„

A.D. 1414.

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

Stat. 2.	499

cap. nr.

Of what Eftate thofe Jurors mult be, which are to pafs touching the Life of Man, Plea real,

or Forty Marks Damages.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM le Roy confiderant les grandes mef-chiefs & demeritances qe de jour en autre aveignent parmy tout le Roialme fibien en cas de mort de honime come en cas de franc tenement & es autres cafes par ceux qi paflent es enqueftes en les ditz cafes qi font communes ju-rours & autres qi nont qe poie de vivre mes par tieux enqueftes & les queux nont ricns a per-dre par caufe dc lour faux ferementz paront ils le pluis legierment offendent lour conscience et voillant ent avoir corre&ion & amendement ad ordeigne & eftablie par affent des Seignurs & Communes fuifditz qe null perfone foit admys de paffer en afcune enqueftc fur trial de mort de homme ou en afcune enquefte parentre partie & partie en pice real nen pice perfonell dont le dette ou les damages declarez amontent a qua-rant marcz fi mefme la perfone neit terres ou tenementz de annuell value de quarant fouldz outre les reprifes difcelles Iflint qil foit chalan-gee par la partie qe afcun empanelle en mefmes les cafes nad my terres ou tenementz a le value annuell de quarant fouldz outre les charges come avaunt eft dit.

the Shaiykatbins of Jurors 11 II. f. c. 21	24.	4	It.	8.	c.	3.	5	H.

& M. c. 24. fee. 15. 7 & 8 IV. 3. c. 32. 3 SP 14 Am, c. 18. 3 Geo, Raft. 117.

IT E M, The King confidering the great Mifchiefs1 RoI> 393.

and Difherifons which daily happen through all Explained by 5 the Realm England, as well in Cafe of Death of aH' ' c’ *s* Man, as in Cafe of Freehold, and in other Cafes, by • them which pafs in Inquefts in the faid Cafes, which be common Jurors, and other that have but little to live upon but by fuch Inqueft, and which have nothing to lofe becaufe of their falfe Oaths, whereby they offend their Confciences the more largely; (2) and willing thereof to have Correction and Amend-mend, hath ordained and eftablifhed, by Affent of the Lords and Commons aforefaid. That no Perfon fhall be admitted to pafs in any Inqueft upon Trial of the *iEd. 1 .fiat. r. Death of a Man, nor in any Inqueft betwixt Party 3*' and Party in Plea real, nor in Plea perfonal, whereof^ Ff *’ the Debt or the Damage declared amount to fortyc. 9. ' J '3* Marks, if the fame Perfon have not Lands or Tene-28 Ed. 3. c. 13.

; ments of the yearly Value of forty Shillings above all 34 Ed. 3. c. 4.

: Charges of the fame ; (3) fo that it be challenged byc'

: the Party, that any fuch Perfon fo impanelled ing h-cs'. f. 5.

; the fame Cafes hath not Lands or Tenements of the 10 H. 6. f. 7,

; yearly Value of forty Shillings above the Charges,8! 18.

: as afore is faid,’	^	n' 7' f''3’

iq M. 7. r. 14.

See farther for

8. e. 3. 23 H. 8. c. 13. 3; It. 8. <r. 6. 27 El. c. 6. 2 S’ 3 Ed. 6-c. 32. 4® 5IV. 2. c. 25. 4Geo, 2. c. 7* 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. 24 Geo. 2, c. 18. fee. I. and 2-9 Geo. 2. c. 19*

CAP. IV.

There fhall be no gilding of Silver Ware, but of the Allay of Englijh Sterling.

ITEM pur ceo qe les orfeours dEngleterre de lour commune covyn & ordinance ne voil-lent my vendre les chofes de lour miftier endor-rez finon a double pris de le pois dargent di-celles le quell femble a Roy trop outrageous & trop exceflive pris le Roy pur laife de foil poe-ple voillant ceo remedier ad ordeine & eftablie qe toutz les orfeours dEngleterre fuiforrent null argent pier qe del allaie deftcrling Englois & qils preignent pur la libre de Troy orre xlvj. s. viij. d. a pluis & de greindre pois & de meindre felonc la quantite Si lafferante de mefme la fomme et qe ceo qe ferra par eux fuiforre defore enavaunt foit de refonable pois & non pas exceftive et ft nul orfeour face le contraire forferra a Roy la value de la chofc vendue.

“ TTE M, For that the Goldfmiths of England., of “ X their Covin and Ordinances, will not fell the “ Wares of their Mvftery gilt, but at the double Price “ of the Weight of the Silver of the fame, which feem-“ eth to the King very outrageous and too exceftive a “ Price;” ‘ (2) the King for the Eafe of his People,

‘ wil ing to remedy the fame, hath ordained and efta-‘ blifhed, 'Fhat all the G ldfmiths of England Ih.ill gildRep. in part n ‘ no Silver worfe than of the Allay of the Englijh Ster-1- «• -S.

‘ ling, and that they take for a Pound of Troy gilt butTi,c Pound ‘ Forty fix {hillings eight pence at the moft, (3) and Troy of Silver ‘ of greater Weight, and lefs, according to the Quan- E'l11 thall be ‘ tity and Rate of the fame Sum; and that which lhall ^ for46s-‘ be by them gilt from henceforth {hall be of reafona-‘ ble Price, and not exceflive ; (4) and if any Gold-4 fmith do contrary to this Statute, he fhall forfeit to ‘ the King the Value of the Thing fo fold.’	5	H.	4. c.

CAP. V.

If a Weljhman, on Procefs awarded again it him for detaining an Englijhman, refufe to appear, he fhall be outlawed, and Writs lhall be iffued to apprehend him.

ITEM pur tant qe puis la rebe'lion de Gales jatard refourme plufeurs des rebeux de Gales ove autres a Altered 27 H. S, eux adhcrentz ove force & armes en maner de guerre afcun foitz par jour & afcun foitz par noet ora®*l6, venuz en les countees de Salop’ Hereford’ &: Glouc’ & en autres lieux a mefme la paiis adgifantz & en di-verfes hols & autres lieux en icellcs parties rrufciez & loggez ont traiteroufment & felonoufment pris pleu-feurs de les foialx lieges du Roy afeuns chivachantz entour lour merchandifes ii lour autres bofoignes fe-fantz & afeuns en lour maifons ou ils furent demurantz fefantz lour overaignes Si lour hufbandrie en la n^es

S s a 2	Dieu

Stat. 2.

Anno fecundo H e N'M'd i :V. - A. B. 1414.

Ex Rot. injury. Lond.

Dieu & le Roy & inefmes ceux lieges du Roy enfi prifez ont amefnez hors de lour paiis as diverfes parties de Gales & les ont gardez hi deteruiz ovefqe eux en.les mountaignes.dicelles parties de Gales ,par. un demy an afcun fcitz pluis & afcun foitz meins tanqe ils ont raunceonez afeun dcs ditz lieges a C li. & afcun pluis felonc lour afFerante en femblable mariere come eft ufee en terre de guerre a trefgraund damage & mefchief de le poeple des ditz countees hi paiis & a malveis enfample fil ne foit le pluis toit remedie fieome le Roy a la grevoufe compleinte de fa communalte ad conceu. Noitre Seignur Ie Roy voillant encbuntre tieux mef-failours" mettre due puniffement ad ordeigne & eftablie.qe les juftices du pees deinz les countees dEngleterre affignez pur le temps aient poair denquerer oier Scrterminer toutz maners tielx trefons &. felonies libien a fuite de Roy come a fuite de partie ifiint qen cas qe.tiolx malfefours ne vorront apparoir devaunt les^ditz juftices a refpoundre come la ley demaunde celle partie tanqe ils foient folonc la cuftume du Roialme dEngleterre utlagez adonqes mefmes I s juftices certifient par lours lettres befoubz lours fealx les officers de les.Seignuries es quelx tielx utlagez foient retretz demorantz ou refeantz de la utlagarie fur eux iffint: pronun le •.t qc mefmes les officers fur mefme la certification preignent les corps de mefmes les utlagez Sc faCenc execution fur eux eii mefme le Seignurie come la ley'le demaunde faunz fyn ou redemption cellq partie affaire,

CAP; YI,

Merchandifes of the Staple flrall hot be exported beyond Sea without the King’s Licence,,

until they be firft brought to the Staple.

OB,	T	T E Ad come en le parlement tenuz lan primer del Roy Henry quart puis Ie conqueft pi’er a Roy qore

a It, 2. flat. 1. JL eft del advis & aftent des Seignufs & Communes affemblez cn ycell ordeyne fuit hi affentuz qe leftaple t'des leins quits p aux lanutz plumbe & eftain fcrroit entierment a Caleys Save qe toutz les merchantz de 1-1 Ed. A.C'ct\. Jene Ypnys Cateloigne Aragon n St des autres Roialmes terres & paiis vers le Weft efteantz del amiftee du u. . . ■ R0y qj yorroient amefnera Hampton ou aillours deiriz le Roialme carraks niefs galeis ou. autres veffeux chargez ou defehargez y purroient franchement vendre lour merchandifes a qi lour plerroit hi illoeqes recharger lour ditz veffeux des lems quirs peaux lanutz plumbe eftain & des autres merchandifes del eftaple hi franchement les aniefner en lour paiis vers le Weft felonc la fourme del eftatuit ent fait lan fecond du Roy Richard feconde puis 1. conqueft. Et fave auxi a les burgeis & merchantz de la ville de Berewyk fur Twede St a les refeeantz hi enhabitantz'en ycelle qils purroient achater leins quirs Srpeaulz lanutz. fibien del crefceance de Tevedale & autres lieux deins le Roialme dEfcoce & autres del crefceance dEngleterre ceftaffavoir de tout cel lieu qeft entre les eawes de Twede &Coket come del crefceance dautres parties deinz le Roialme dEfcoce & mefmes les leins peaulx & quirs tanqe al port du dite ville de Berewyk amefner & carier as foreins parties ou les mettre a vent cn la dite ville de Berrewyk folonc la fourme & i ffeft dune ordinance ent fait lan primer le dit Roy Richard. Et ore foit il qe certeins merchantz fibien de les ifles de Jtrfey & Gernfey come autres merchantz de les parties de Bretaigne hi de Guvenne achatent es diverfes iieux dc Cornewaille eftain entier nient funduz & lamefnent hi envoient a vendre as diverfes .parties de Fraunce Normandie BretaigneGuienne & aillours qe a la dite eftaple & auxi diverfes autres merchantz fibien deinfzeins come eftraungers achatent & envoient eftain founduz appelle fhotentyn hors- du Roialme a les parties de Flaundres Holand Seland hi autres parties de dela aillours qe a mefme leftaple encOuntre la fourme del dite ordinance iffmt darrei; ement fait a trefgraund fraude perde & damage a Roy come de fes cuftume's hi auxi arrerifment de toutz les reparantz al eftaple av'auntdite come le Roy eft de ceo apris a la motion de fez Communes ore prefentz le Roy confiderant mefme lordinance eftre neceffaire & profitable pur luy & ft dite eftaple voet graunte & comaunue qele eftoife en fa force. Et outre ceo le Roy del aftent des Seignurs efpirituelx & tempereix & des Communes cy affemblez cn cefte parlement voet & ordeigne qe nuls lains peaux quirs plumbe eftain. entier ou founduz appelle fhotentyn nautre merchandife del eftaple queconqe defore enavaunt foient envoicz ou amefnez a indies parties de dela fanz ceo qils foient priirierment apportez a la dite eftaple felonc la fourme de la dite ordinance fait le dit an primer du dit Roy Henry fur peyne de forfaiture de toutz les merchandifes par tiel manere envoiuz ou amefnez "hors du Roialme'fil ne foit par licence du Roy & forfpris ceux perfoncs lieux & chofes qi font forfprifes en mefme lordinance fait le dit an primer le fufdit Roy Henry pur le temps qe les perfoncs ties lieux iffint forfprifez foient del amiftee le Roy & ceo en la fourme contenue en ycelle ordinance. Et outre ceo qe chefcuny forfprifez ceux qi font avaunt forfp>ifez qi envoiera ou amefnera afeuns tieux merchandifes de leftaple hors du le Roialme dEngleterre en t raps avenir trovera bon & fufficeante furetee au Roy devaunt fez cuftumers de le lieu ou mefmes les merchandifes ferront prifez & cuftumez deinz mefme le Roialme avaunt ceo qil en departira ove celles merchandifes qil les amefnera a la dite. eftaple primerment en la fourme avauntdite fil neit licence du Roy come deffuis eft dit.

A Statute made at Weftminfter, Anno 3 Hen. V. and Anno Dom. 1415.

tc

cc

tc

cc

AT the Parliament holden at' TVeJlminfler the Monday next after the Feaft of All Saints, the third Year of the Reign of Kin" Henry the Fifth,, a Statute was made by the-King our

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 4.

1 AIT affavoir qe a lq parlement tenuz a. Weftm’ le Lundy profehein apres le feft de toutz Saintz lan du regne le Roy Henry quint apres le conqueft tierce fuit fait un eftatut

par

V 7	•	t

Anno fer'tio Hen-ric-i V-.

Ex Rot. in Thrr. LoncI. par le Roy del aftent de toutz les Scignurs efpiri-' tuelx& temporelx. a1 lefpeci.de requelte.des-Com-. inunes dEngletefre aftemblcz illoeqes pur Is commune bien & profit de tout le Roialme.

•Stat.

1.

“ ‘Lord, with the Afient of all the Lords Spiritual “ and Temporal, and at the Requeft of the Com-“ mons of England there afferhbled, lor the common “ Profit and Weal of the Realm.”

SO

• . • • ■	C-	A	P.	:I.	!

It fliall be Felony to import or offer in Payment any Sort of Money forbidden by former .

Statutes. ^

'	:	'	.. f j >	1

CRftaiTavoir.qe Ics Galyhalpens & la moneie .appelle Seikyn & Doydekyn Sc fout'e manere moneie dEf- o S.

coce dargent foient de tout oullez Sc ne courgent en apres'pur null paiement deinz le Roialme dEng-a H> 61 c- £• leterre, adjouftant a ycell qe proclamation foit fait par toiitz les countees dEngleterre dedeinz franchifes' Sc dehors Sc dedeinz citees Sc burghs Sc aillours qe toutz yceaux qi aient Galyhalpens Sefkyns ou Doydekyns les apportent a les efehaunges noftre ait Seignur le Roy parentre cy Sc le felle de Pafqe' profehem avenir pur eltre illocqes uebrufez Sc ceo qelt trove bone argent pur eltre illoeqes ferrez Sc coynez en mayls Engleys et qe touts yceux qi apres le dit fell de Pafqe afeuns Galyhalpens Selkyns ou Doydekyns facent coynent achatcnt ou apportent en le dit Roialme dEngleterre pur les vendre ou mettre en paiement deinz rnefme le Roialme Sc de ceo foient atteintz' foient adjuggez come felons noftre Seignur le Roy Sc qils forfacent toutz lours terres & tenementz biens Sc chateux et qe les Seignurs des queux tielx terres Sc tenementz font tcnuZ eient ent JeS forfaitures come en autres cafes de ’felonie. Ft'ft aleun liege ou lieges du Roy ou afeun autre perfone mettent Galyhalpens Selkyns ou Doydekyns en paiement ou receyvent en paiement deinz le Roialme dEngleterre Sc de ceo foient duement atteintz forfacent a chefcun foicz qils fount tiel paiement ou rcfceyt C s. dount le Roy eit lun moite Sc celuy qi voet'fuer pur noftre Seignur le Roy pur les ent atteindre lautre moite. Et qe fibien les juftices de la pees deinz toutz les countees dEngleterre come mairs Sc baillifs deinz citees Sc burghs Sc fenefehalx des Seignurs en vieu de frank plcggc eient poair denquerrer par bons enqueftes devaunt eux apprendrez dc toutz les maters avauntdirz et qe les ditz mairs Sc baillifs apres les ditz enqueftes devaunt eux prifez mefmes les inquifitions m iundent devaunt les juftices de la pees des countees es queux les ditz citees ou burghs font. Et qe les ditz juftices de la pees eient poair fibien fur les ditz inquifitions enfy devaunt tielx mairs Sc baillifs prifez Sc devaunt les ditz juftices come avaunt eft dit maundez corns fur autres inquifitions devaunt mefmes Ics juftices de la pees en lour feffions appre'ndres t’ouchant les maters avauntditz . de faire procefle Sc de agardcr capias Sc exigend’ Sc toutz les ditz maters oier Sc terminer folom lours discretions come en autres calcs de felonie Sc trefpafles ad efte ufee devaunt ces heures.

A'Statute made at Weftminfter, Anno 3 Hen. V. Stat. 2*

Anno Dom. 1415.

Ex Rot. in Tarr. Lond. m. 4.

O S T R E Seignur le Roy a fon parle-ment tenuz a Weftnv le Lundy le fef-zifme jour de Marcz lan de fon regne tierce del advis Sc aftent des Scignurs cfpirituelx & temporelx Sc a la requefte des Communes af-lemblez en mefme le parlement ad ordeignez Ci eftabliz diverfes Ordinances Sc eftatutz en la fourme qenfuit.

“ S. U R Lord the King, at his Parliament holden:

“ i 1 at WejhninJler the Monday the Sixth 1 Day a SixteentH,. “ V_>r of March, the Third Year of his Reign,

“ by the Advice and Aftent of the Lords Spiritual and “ Temporal, and at the Requeft of the Commons,

“ aflembled in the fame Parliament, hath ordained “ and elbablifhed divers Statutes and Ordinances in the “ Form following.”

CARL

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Perfons, Cities, &c..

PRimerement qe feint efglife eit toutz fes Liber-tees Sc franchifes et qe toutz les Seignurs cfpirituelx Sc temporelx Sc les autres lieges du Roy eiantz liberties Sc franchifes Sc toutz Ics citees Sc burghs du Roialme eient Sc enjoient toutz lour li-tertees Sc franchifes queux ils ount des grantes de les progenitours noftre Seignur le Roy Stde la con-fermement mefme noftre Seignur le Roy ou fon grante demefne forfpris ceu'x franchifes Sc libe 'ices queux font repellez en cell prefent parlement Sc ceux qe'font rcpellablez par la commune leie.

i ‘ IT I R S T, That holy Church have all her Liber—

‘ ties and Franchifes, and that the Lords Spiri-‘ tual and Temporal, and other the King’s liege Peo-e pie, having Liberties and PYanchifes, and 'all the Cir c tics, and Boroughs of the Realm, have and enjoy all e their Liberties and Franchifes, which they have had. c of the Grant's of the King’s Progenitors, and of the c Confirmation of the fame our Lord the King, or his i Grant; -(2) except always thofe Franchifes and Li-‘ berdes which be repealed in this prefent Parliament, and' thole'Ta."be'reocalable by the Common Law.’

C A P*

Stat. 2

Anno tertio Hrnrici V,

A. D. 1415,

XXP.

J H. 5. c. 9.

(J H. 6. c. J O,

**/.	31	n.	8.

€, 13, for the

Difjoluthn of Abbeys Sec,

EX A

CAP. II.

Privilege given to certain Abbots, &Y. to make their Attoroies in the Courts of Stancliffe

and Frendles.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe plufeurs Abbees priours & autres religeoufes y foient dont afeuns font del fundation noftre Seignur le Roy & afeuns del foundation dautres Seigneurs du Roialme demurantz fibien deinz le countee dLverwyk come en le countee de Lancaftre dont afeuns ont poffeffions deinz les wapentakes de Stayneclif wapentake Sc Frendeles wapentake en Craven en le dit countee dEverwyk Sc afeuns nemy vers

3ueux plufeurs gents de jour en autre par procurement Sc abettement des baillives approvers des courts des itz wapentakes & des fenefehalx qi teignent plees es ditz courts Sc des fermers des prpfitz & revenuz des ditz courts feynont & procurent par eux & autres de lour covyn & aflent diverfes pleints & plees de dette £z trefpas & autres plees diverfes es courts des ditz wapentakes et la ou mefmes les abbees Sc priours viegnont as ditz courts pur lour defendre de tieux torcenoufes pleints Sc plees & priont & proferont as fenefehalx & baillives des ditz courts de faire lour attournes en tieux plees les ditz fenefehalx Sc baillives les refufent & ne veullent refeeiver tieux attournes de tieux Abbees & priours en null plee de dette de trefpas nen autre plee Et qe outre ceo mefmes les fenefehalx & baillives de lour audtorite demefne amerciont les ditz Abbees et Priours pur chefcun pleint a primer foitz xij. d. & a chefcun autre foitz pur chefcun des ditz pleintz x. s_ & xx s. Sc pluis a lour voluntee a trefgrande damage & anientifment de les Abbees Sc Priours avauntditz Sc encontre refon Sc la commune ley de la terre. Si ad le Roi ordeigne en remedie de les ditz grevances qe toutz tieux Abbees Sc Priours Sc lour fucceffours & chefcuny de eux enfy vexez ou a vexerz es ditz courts purront faire lour attournees ou attournee generalx ou s eneral ceftafl'avoir chefcune de eux defoutz le commune feal de fa maifon pur gainer & perdre en chefcun manere de plee de dette Sc trefpas & en autre plee queconqe moevee au amoveer es ditz courts Sc en toutz autres courts dedeinz les wapentakes avauntditz. Et qe les fenefehalx Sc baillives des ditz courtes receivent les ditz attournees iflint faitz Sc nomez fanz afeun contradiction. Et fi mefmes les fenefehalx ou baillives refufent de receiver afeun ou afeuns tieux attournees ou attournee ifiint faitz & nomez affaire ou a nomer qadonqes les ditz fenefehalx Sc baillives a chefcun foitz de tiel refufer de tielx attournees forfacent Sc encourgent le peine de dys livres a Roi. Et qe les ditz Abbees Sc Priours ou lour fucceffours es ditz courts nen afeune deux pur afeune nonfuite ou defaute ne foient amer-ciez en null manere autrement qe feculers perfones. Et qe cefte ordinance eftoife en fa force par tout laji profehein avenir Sc tanqe a le parlement mefme lan profeheinement enfuant.

CAP. III.

All Britom not made Denizens fliall depart the Realm upon Pain of Death.

ITEM pur ceo qe plufeurs Bretons font jatard venuz deinz le Roialme afeuns de eux demurantz entour la perfone du Roigne en fon hoftell Sc afeuns bien pres le dit hoftell Sc aillours'deinz mefme le Roialme pur oier favoir Sc entendre les fecretes du Roialme Sc les difeoverer as Bretons qi font les grendres enemys a Roi Sc a fon Roialme Sc pur lemporter les moneie Sc joialx hors du dit Roialme en grande prejudice Sc damage a Roi Sc a tout le Roialme come le Roi a le grievous compleinte des ditz Communes eft de ceo appris Si voet mefme noftre Seignur le Roi Sc ad ordeigne qe toutz tieux Bretons en loftiel du Roigne & autres qi demurgent pres mefme loftiel Sc aillours nient faitz deinfzeins foient voidez hors du Roialme Sc qe proclamation foit fait qe les ditz Bretons fe voident hors du Roialme parentre cy Sc le left de Seint Johan le Bap-tiftre profehein avenir Sc ceo fur peine de vie & de membre.

CAP. IV.

All Provifions, Licences, and Pardons of a Benefice full of an Incumbent fhall be void.

7 H.4. c. 8.

1 Roll 453.

“ TTEM, Whereas in the Time of KingHENRYl “ _L the Fourth, Father to our Sovereign Lord, whom ! “ God forgive, the Seventh Year of his Reign, to, ** efehew many Difcords and Debates, and divers other , “ Mifchiefs which were likely to rife and happen, be- j “ caufe of many Provifions then made, or to be made, I “ by the Pope, and alfo of Licences thereupon granted , “ by the faid late King, amongft other Things it was | “ ordained and ftablifhed, That no Licence or Pardon “ fo granted before the fame Ordinance, norafter to be ■“ granted, fhould be available to any Benefice full of an Incumbent at the Day of the Date of fuch Licence or ■“ Pardon granted: (2/Notwithftanding feveral Per-fons having Provifions of the Pope of divers Bene-Aces in England, and elfewhere, and Licences Royal

TEM combien en temps le Roi Henry quart pier a Roi noftre treffoverain Seignur qi Dieu af-foille lan de fon regne feptifme pur efehuer plufeurs difeordes Sc debates & diverfes autres mefehieves ver-raifemblables a fourder & avenir a caufe des plufours provifions adonqes faitz Sc affairz par lappoftoill & auxi des licences fur ceo grauntez par le dit nadgairs Roi entre autres chofcs ordeignez eftoit Sc eftabliz qe null tide licence ou pardon enfy grantee parde-vaunt mefme lordinance ne a grantier en apres fer-roit vaillable a afeune benefice plein dafeun incumbent a jour del date de tide licence ou pardon grante. Nientlemeins diverlcs perfones eiantz provifions de lappoftoill de diverfes benefices en Engle-terre & aillours Sc licences roialx pur executer les

ditz

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ditz provifions ont par colour dicelles provifions &

Stat. 2r 503

licences & acceptations des ditz benefices fubtiel ment ouftez diverfes perfones de lour benefices es queux ils ont eftez incumbentz par long temps dell collation des verraies patrons efpirituelx a eux faitz duement a lour entent a finall deftrudtion & enervation deflates dicelx incumbentz le Roi voillant ouf-tier tiele mefchief Si ad ordeigne & eftablie qe toutz les incumbentz de qeconqes benefices de femte ef-glife del.patronage collation ou prefentation des patrons efpirituelx puiffent peifiblement & quietement enjoier & enjoient lour ditz benefices fanz eftre in-quietez mo.eftez ou grevcz afcunement par afcuny par colour de tieux provifions ou licences & acceptations queconqes. Et qe toutz les licences & pardons fur & pur tieux provifions faitz en afcun ma-nere foient voidez & de null value. Et fi afcuny fe fente grevee molefle ouinquiete afcunement defore-navaunt par afcuns ou afcuny par colour de tieux provifions licences pardons ou acceptations qe mef-mes les grevours moleftours ou inquietours & chef-cuny de ceux eient & encourgent ait & encourge les peines & puniffementz en les eflatutz & ordeign-ances des provifours avant ces heures faitz conte-nuz & ceo par proces de premunire facias fourmee fur le cas et qe la partie qi purfuera mefme le brief recovera fes damages a treble fi les defendantz en mefme le brief nomez ou afcuny dicelles foient ou foit convidtz ou convict cefle partie.

“ to execute the faid Provifions, have, by Colour of the “ fame Provifions, Licences, and Acceptations of the “ faid Benefices, fubtilly excluded divers Perfons of “ their Benefices, in which they have been Incumbents “ by a long Seafon, of the Collations of the Patrons “ fpiritual, to them duly made to their Intent, to the “ utter Deftrudion and Subverfion of the Eftates of the “ faid Incumbents:” ‘ (3) The King willing to re-‘ move fuch Mifchief, hath ordained and eftablifhed,

‘ That all the Incumbents of every Benefice of holy ‘ Church, of the Patronage, Collation, or Prefentation ,

‘ of fpiritual Patrons, may peaceably and quietly en-‘ joy, and Ihall enjoy their faid Benefices, without be-‘ ing inquieted, molefted, or any wife grieved by any ‘ Colour of fuch Provifions, Licences, and Accepta-‘ tions whatfoever; (4) and that all the Licences and ‘ Pardons upon and hy fuch Provifions made in any ‘ Manner, Ihall be void and-of no Value. (5) And if ‘ any feel himfelf grieved, molefted, or inquieted in any ‘ wife from henceforth by any by Colour of fuch Pro-‘ vifions, Licences, Pardons, or Acceptations, that the ‘ fame Molellers, Grievers, and Inquieters, and every ‘ of them, fhall fuffer and incur the Pain and Punifh-‘ ments contained in the Statutes of Provifors before3-‘ this Time made, and that by Procefs of Presmunirelb R‘ 7" e' 3’ c facias formed upon the Cafe; (6) and that the Party ‘ which Ihall. fue by the fame-writ, Ihall recover his ‘ treble Damages, if the Defendants named in the fame ‘ Writ, or any of them, be convidt in that Behalf.’ See e_

againfi maintainingthe Authority of the See of Rome, and 13 El, c% 2. againjl bringing Bulk, &c, yrcnRome0

CAP. V.

In which Courts an Attaint may be brought upon a falfe Verdidl given in the City of Lincoln,

and by whom it Ihall be tried.

ITEM combien par eftatut fait en la par-lement tenuz a \ eftm’ lan du reigne le Roi Richard feconde puis le conqueft trefzifme ordeigne fuit & eftablie qen aflifes jurees & toutz autres enqueftes queux delors ferroient prifez

fiarentre partie et partie d'evaunt les mair & bal-ives de la citee de Nichole qi pur le temps ferroient fi. afcune des parties delors foi pleindroit de-faux ferement fait par tielx aflifes jurees ou enqueftes latteint luy ferroit grantee &, le record ferroit mandee par brief en. Banc le Roy ou en commune Banc et qe le vifcont arraieroit le pa-nell del juree de tiele atteinte des foreins fanz mander al franchife du dite citee et qe les Juf-tices prendroient mefme la juree de mefmes les foreins nient cantreeftcant afcune franchife grantee au dite citee ou autre ufage a contrarie.. Ja-kmeins pur tant qe Sir Henry, nadgairs Roi dEngleterre pier a noftre trefloverain Scignur avauntdit le xxi. jour de Nov.embr’ lan de Ton regne unfzifme par fes lettres patents entre autres graunta as mair & comminalte de la, dite citee qe le noun des. Baillives de mefme la citee ferroit tranflatee en; le.- noun des Vifcontz et. qe mefme la citee les- fuBurbes & le purceint dicell forfpris le chaftell & le bayle de Lincoln & les mures & foftes dicell alors pur toutz jours ferroit appelle. le Countee del citee de Lincoln plu-feurs gentz font & ont efteez en ambiguite le quell hommc qi- pleindre fe vorra de faux ferement fait

ITEM, Whereas by the Statute made in the Far-ijR. 2. fiat. j».

liament holden at JVeJhninfler the- Thirteenth*:. 18;.

Year of KingRicHARD the Second, it was ordained

and ftablilhed,, That in Aflifes, Juries, and all other

Inquefts, which thenceforth fhould be taken betwixt

Party and Party, before the Mayor and Bailiffs of’

the City of Lincoln, which for the Time fhould be,,

if any of the Parties then did complain him of falfe

Oath made by fuch Aflifes, Juries, or Inquefts, that

the Attaint fhould be granted to him, .and the Record

fhould be fent by. Writ into the King’s Bench, or

into the common Ben h ; (2) and that the Sheriff

fhould array the Panel of the Jury of fuch Attaint,

of Fo:eigns, without fending, to the Franchife of the

faid City; and the Juftices fhould take the fame-

jury of the fame Foreigns, notwithftanding any

franchifi granted to the faid City, or any other

Ufage to the contrary. (3) Neverthelefs, forafmuch

as the Lord Henry, late King of England, Father.

to our Sovereign Lord the King.aforefaid, the Twenr JkeName-ci

ty-firft-Day of November, the Thirteenth * Year.-of®*1^^^”^*

his Reign, by his Letters Patents, amongft others,^,, Njm, of

granted to the Mayor, and Commonalty of the faid The Sheriffs,.

City,, that the Nrme of Bailiffs of the fame: City

fhould be tranflated into the Name of Sheriffs ;. ana

that the fame City, Suburbs, and Precind of the

fame (except the C file of Lincoln, and the Walls

and Ditches of the fame) fhould' for ever be called:

The County of.the City of Lincoln -,-, divers People he and have. been. in.Doubt,., whether, a Man that willl

*■ complain

*> Elevemb.

5° 4

2.

Ann'd tertio Henrict V.

Upon a falfe Vcrdift given before the Mayor, of the County of the City of Lincoln, an Attaint may be brought triable by Foreigners,

44 complain of a falfe Oath made in the County of the 44 faid City after, by Force of the faid Statute, fhould V have a .Writ of Attaint directed to the Sheriff of the “ County of,Lincoln, to be arrayed by the People of 44 the fame County, or not, and alfo of other Articles “ and Points of the faid Statutej” (4.) the Kingwil-‘ ling to remove all Manner of Ambiguities and Doubts 4 in this Behalf, hath ordained,- granted, and eftablilh-‘ ed, That in Ailifes, Juries, and all other Inquefts ‘ which be and lhall be taken betwixt Party and Party,

4 before the Mayor ancj Bailiffs, and before the Sheriff 4 of the County of the City of Lincoln, which for the 4 Time is, and fhalbbe, or any of them, if any of the 4 faid Parties do complain of a falfe Oath made by fuch 4 Affifes, Juries, and Inqueffs, a Writ of Attaint fhall 4 be granted to him, • directed to the Sheriff of the faid 4 County of Lincoln for the time being, and the fame 4 Record fhall be fent by a Writ into the King’s Bench-,

4 .or into the common Bench ;■ (5)- and that the Sheriff 4 of the County of Lincoln, which for the Time fhall be,

4 fhall array the Panel qf the (Jury of fuch Attaint of 4 Peopleof the County of Lincoln ; and that the Juflices 4 of the King and of his Heirs lhall take the fame Jury 4 of People of the County of Lincoln, according to the 4 Intent and Effedl: of the faid Statute, notwithftanding 4 the faid Letters Patents, or any thing therein con-4 tained, or any Poffeffion or other Thing by the Force 4 of the fame Letters had or made, or any Fyanchife-4 granted, or to be granted to. the Citizens of.tjie faidl

(	(''if—	—	—A.	tK-air- k-ir'-'pn'nl-p' nr	or	TT/nn-p	f	A	rKn

A- D. 14'r 5?

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. en le countee du dite citee puiffe par force del, ellatuit fuifdit avoir brief de atteinte adreffer ,a vifeont del countee tie Nichole deftre arraie ,-paij gentz ■ de mefme le countee ou nemy Si auxint; dautres articles Si points de mefme leffatut- le Roy voillqnt ouller, toutz maners ambiguitees awereftees ceftc partie SJ ad ordeigne grante Si eftablie qen affifes jurees & autres enqueftes qe-conqes qi font Si ferront prifez parentre partie et partie devaunt les mair & bajllives ou vif-r cont del countee dc la dite citee de Nichole qi pur le temps furent Si ferront ou afeuns de eux ft afeun des parties- foi pleint de faux ferement fait par tieux affifes jurees ou enqueftes brief datteint luy foit grantee adreffer al vifeont del dit countee de Nichole pur le temps efteant & le record foit mandee par brief en Banc le Roy ou en commune Banc et qe le vifeont del countee de Nichole qi- pur le temps ferra arraie le panell del j uree de tiel atteinte des gentz del countee du. Nichole Et qe les juftices du Roy Si de fes heirs preignent mefme la juree del countee. de Nichole folonc lentent & 1 effedl del dit eftatuit les ditz lettres patentz ou riens leins contenuz ou afeune poffeffion ou autre chofe pfir force de mefmes les lettres euz ou faitz ou -afeune frznehife grantee ou a' grafitier ,as .citej-zeins du dite, citee ou a lour fucceffours ou autre ufage a cpntrr.ire ou ceo, qe la dite citee dp

City, or to their. Succeffors, or othecr Ufage to the I Nichole eft enfy fait incorporate countee par

contrary, or1 that the‘faid'City of Lincoln is fo made incorporate *.’

See farther concerning Attaints 11II. 6. cl 4,

* Add County by iflf^andjavercd from the County Lincoln

luy 'mefmes Si non obftantz.

*	V

15//. 6. c. 5.	38	H.	6.	c.	2.

fe/eree del countee de Nicole

11 H. 7«

f

c. 21,	23	II.	S.	c.	3.	and

C A P. VI.

It fhall be Treafon,to clip, wafh, or file.Money.

TEM, Becaufe that before this Time great Doubt and Ambiguity hath been, whether that “ Clipping, 'Waffling,- and Filing of the Money of 44 the Land, ought to be judged Treafon, or not, for-44 afmuch as no Mention thereof is made in the Dc-44 claration of the Articles of Treafon made in^the 44 Parliament holden the Twenty-fifth Year of King 44 Edward the Third *■” 4 (i) the fame our Lord 4 the King, willing to d.cide fuch Doubt, and to put 4 the fame- in a Certainty, hath declared in this prefent 4 Parliament, that fuch Clipping, Waftiing, and 4 Filing, fhall be adjudged for Treafon, and they 4 which fo do clip, wafn, and file the Money of the ,	.	*	4 Land, fhall be judged Traitors to the King and to

'y 5 El. c.'ik 4 the Realm, ani fhall incur the Pain of Treafon.’ further enforced ly !$ £/. c. I. ar.d 6 & 7 IV, 3. c. 17. fee. 9.

® Add Great

Grandfather to our Sovereign Lord.

Repealed by 1 Mar. fdT. r. c

by 5

ITEM pur ceo qe devaunt ces heures grande doute & awereufte ad efte le quell la toniure loture Si fylyng de la moneie de la terre duiflcnt eftre adjuggez trefon ou nient a caufe qe null mention ent eft fait en la declaration "des articles ,dc traifon faitz1 en le parlement tenu lan vingt Si quiiit del noble Roi Edward-befaiel a noftre dit treflb-verain Se'ignur le Roi mefme noftre Seignur le Roi voillarlt oufter tiefe doute 'Si le mettre en cer-tcin ad declarree en ceft: prefent parlement qe tieux tonfurc loture fc filer foient adjuggez pur traifon Si qe ceux qi tondent lavent & filent la moneie de la tCrre foient adjuggez traitours a Roi & a le Roialme Si encourgent la peine du traifon.

.CAP. VII.

What Juflices fhall have Authority to hear and determine the Offences of falfifying of Money.

7'EM, Becaufe counterfeiting, clipping, waffling, and other Falfity- of Money of the Land, is much more ufed, and daily doth more abound than it was wont, for that the Punifhment of the fame pertaineth not to any Judges of the Realm, but fo the King’s Juftices before himfclf, or by fpecial Commiffions thereto affigned, and it is very likely there will be Dcftrudtion of the Money, unlefs hafty

TEM pur ceo qe contrefziture toufure &

_ loture Si autre fauxine de la moneie de la terre. eft le pluis ufee & pluis fe habunde de jour cn autre^ qe ne foleit a caufe qe le jpuniffement dicclles nap-pertient a afeun juge du Roialme finoun as Juftices du Roi devaunt luy mefmes ou devaunt Juftices par efpecialx commiffions a ceo affignez_ a ver-raifemblable dcftrudtiou de la dite moneie ftnon

■ -	qe

Stat. 2.	505

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. qe pluis haftive execution & remedie foit ordeigne come le Roi a le grevous compleint des ditz communes ad conceu Mefme noitre Seignur le Roy voillant ceo rcmedier Si ad ordeigne Sc eftablie qe les Juftices du Roi as affifes prendre affignez Sc afiignerz en toutz les countecs dEngleterre eient poair par commiffion le Roi doier Sc terminer cn lour feffions llbien de contrefaiture & de lap-porte de ticux fauxe moneie en Engleterre come de tonfure loture Sc chefcune autre fauxine du dite moneie. Et qe les juftices de la pees parmy It Roialme eient poair par commiflion le Roi den-quercr de toutz tieux maters & fur ceo faire proces par capias tantfoulcment vers ceux qi devaunt eux i'erront ent enditez.

“ Execution and Remedy be provided, as the King “ by the grievous Complaint of the Commons hath £C perceived 5” * (2) our faid Lord the King, willing ‘ to remedy the fame, hath ordained and eftablilhed,

‘ That the King’s Juftices afligned to take Aflifes in all

*	the Counties of England (nail have Power by the ‘ King’s Commiflions to hear and determine, in their ‘ Seftions, as well of the counterfeiting, and of the ‘ bringing of fuch falfe.Money into the Realm, as of

‘ clipping, wafhing, and every other Falfity of the .

‘ faid Money; (3) and that the juftices of Peace ‘ through the Realm fhall have Power by the King’s ‘ Commiftions to inquire of all fuch Matters, and §a ; EI c tj ‘ thereupon to make Procefs by Capias only again ft with rcfj.ra to4

*	thofe which before them fhall be thereof indicted.’ Trial cf pcati.

CAP. ▼III.

Ordinaries fhall take no more for proving of Teftaments, wich their Inventories, than was -taken in the Time of King Edward the Third.

ITEM pur ceo qe les communes du Roialme ont fovent en diverfes parlementz compleinez de ceo qe lcsE- X P.

Ordinaries preignont pur la probation dun teftament Sc autres chofes a les offices en ycell partie regar-31 Ed- 3-	*•

dantz afeun foitz xl. s. ou lx. s. Sc afeun foitz pluis encontre droit Sc ley Sc autrement qe lem foleit paier pur^ 4’ yceux en temps le Roy Edward befaiel a Roi noftre Seignur trefloverain ceftaflavoir ii. s. vj. d. ou v. s. pluis par ont le teftament del teftatour ne poet eftre execut folonc la darrein voluntee de mefme le teftatour aafartairs ttc ice grande damage Sc arerifment des ditz communes. Re Roi voillant pur le bien Sc laife de fon poeple oufterm he calm, tiele oppreffion Sc mettre remedie en le cas Si ad ordeigne qe null Ordinarie preigne deforenavant pur la probation dun teftament ovefqe le inventarie & pur les autres chofes a ycell regardantz riens pluis qe ne fuift acufturne Sc ufee cell partie en temps du dit befaiel a Roy fur peine de rendreacely qi fe feme eftre grevee le treble iffint receu fil voille fuer par cours de la commune ley Parainfly qe toutz maners executours rendent Jour accomptes as Ordinaries entierment des biens lour teftatours, Et qe cefte ordinance eftoife en fa force tanqe a fyn del an profehein avenir & outre ceo tanqe a le parlement mefme lan profeheinement enfuant.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 4 Hen. V. a?id Anno

Dom. 1416.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 3.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le xix, jour dOdtobr’ lan du regne le Roy Henry quint puis le conquefte quarte mefme noftre Seignur le Roy del aflent des Prelatz Dues Counts Sc Barons Sc a les efpccialx inftance & requefte des Communes aflemblez en cell prefent parlement ad fait ordeine Sc eftablie Cirteins ef-tatutz Sc ordeinances en la fourme qenfuit.

“ A T the Parliament holden at IVeJiminJler the “	nineteenth	Day of OSlober, the fourth Year

“ JL of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth af-“ ter the Conqueft ; the fame ourLord the King, with “ the Aflent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, “ and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Com-“ mons afiembled in the fame Parliament, hath caufed “ to be ordained and ftablifhed certain Statutes and “ Ordinances, in the Form as followeth.”

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of all former Statutes not repealed.

PRimcrement qe la Grande Chartre & laChartre de la Forefte Sc toutz autres eftatutz Sc ordeinances faitz en fon temps & es temps de fes nobles progenitours Rois dEngleterre & nient repel-lez foient fermcmcnt tenuz & gardez en toutz pointz.

‘ TTIRST, That the Great Charter, and the Charter ‘ X/ of the Foreft, and all other Statutes and Ordi-‘ nances made in his Time, and in the Time of his { ‘ noble Progenitors Kings of England, and not re-* pealed, fhall be firmly holden and kept in all Points.’

Vox. I

Ttt

C A F,

A. D. 1416.

C. 2—5.

Anno quarto Henrici V.

CAP. II.

Sheriffs fhall have Allowance upon their Accompts of Things cafual.

Ex Rot., in Turr. Lond.

ITEM qc toutz les vifcontz dEngleterre eient allouance fur lour accompts par lour fere-mentes des chofes cafuels come des extretz qe ne fonnent ne courgent my en ferme nen demande annuell mes de toutz ceux chofes qe fonnent ou courgent en ticux fermes annuelx ou demandcz an-nuelx foient ils chargez envers le Roi come les vifcontz ont el’ccz chargez devant ces heures en 1c cas.

CAP. III.

No Man fhall make any Pattens .of Afp, upon Pain of an hundred Shillings.

4 inft. 107.	«•	yTEM, That all the Sheriffs of England fhall have

‘ JL Allowance upon their Accompts, by their Oaths, »Sound. ‘ 0f Things cafual, as of Eftreats that be a not in ‘ Term nor in Demand ; (2) but of all fuch Things ‘ that be or run in yearly Ferms or yearly Demands, 4 they fhall be charged to the King, as the Sheriffs ‘ have been charged in that Cafe in Times paft.’

Rep.	21 Jac. is T T EM qe les patynmakers dedeinz ic Roialme dEngleterre defore enavaunt ne facent afeuns patyns ne

e. z8..»	JL clogges del maerefme appelle afpe fur peine de paier a Roi C s. a chefcun foitz qe les ditz patynmakers

fount afeuns patyns ou clogges du dit maerefme & qe chefcun qi voet fuer pur le Roy eit lune moite de la peine iflint forfaite parainii qe les flecchers parmy le Roialme vendent lour feetes a pluis aife & refonable ■' . pris defore enavaunt qe ne foleient vendre avant ces heures.

* Read ljac. 1. c. 25.

CAP. IV.

The Penalty afligned by the Statute of 12 Rich. II. cap. 4. for giving or taking of exceffive

Wages, fhall be impoftd upon the Taker only.

ITEM come en un eftatut fait a Cantebrigge en temps du Roi Richard feconde puis le conqueft lan de fon regne dufzime ordeignez eftoient certeins louers par an pur baillives & autres fenrantz de houfbondrie-'& auxint pur autres fervantz & laborers fibien dedeinz citees & burghs come aillours parmy le Roialme. Et qe fi null doune ou preigne par covenant par an pluis qe neft efpecifiee en le dit eftatut qe a.le primer foitz qils fuiffent ent atteintz iibien les donours come les parnours paierent lexcefl'e iflint donee & a la feconde foitz le double del exceffe iflint donee. Et pur rant qe les donours qant ils ont eftee ferementez devaunt les juftices de la pees ne voileient tie] exceffe en null manere prefenter pur efehuer lour puniffement demefne a treigrande perde a Roy come de fbs fynes & amerciamentz pur le concelement & grevous damage as Seig-nurs & autres gentz du Roialme par caufe de noun due puniffement des defautes de les fervantz & laborers avantditz come le Roi lad entendu del compleint de fes Communes deffuifditz Si ad ore ordeigne mefme nof-tre r eignur le Roy qe la peine de le donour foit oufte cefte partie & qe la peine contenuz en le dit eftatuit courge tout foulement fur le parnour Et qe cefte ordinance teigne lieu & force tanqe a le feft de Seint Michel] profehein avenir Sc. delors tanqe a fyade deux ans profeheins enluantz.

C A P. V..

How Merchants Strangers fhall be ufed, and Hofts appointed for them.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 5 H. 4. c. 7 & cc 9, concerning the tiling of Mer-tc chants Strangers.cc

<5

it

it

it

cc

it

:* Add and upon 44 Ptit n cf Impri-	<c

Jpnywnt of tie Bo- tt dia of Jurb Met- cc tbajiii /liUnu ct

ITEM, Whereas in a Statute made in the Time of King- Henry the Fourth after the Conqueft, the fifth Year of his Reign, it was ordained and ftab-lifhed, That all the Merchants Aliens, of what Eftate or Condition they be, coming, abiding, orre-fident within the Realm of England, fhould be entreated and demeaned within the fame Realm in the fame Form, Manner, and Condition, as the Merchants Denizens be or fhall be entreated or demeaned in the Parties beyond the Sea, and in no other Manner, upon Pain to forfeit to the King all the Goods and Chatties of the faid Merchants Aliens *.	(2)

And alfo it was ordained and ftablifhed in the Time of the faid late King Henry, amongft othc-rThings, by Statute, That in every City, Town, and Port of the Sea of England, where the faid Merchants Aliens or Strangers be, or fhall be repairing, fuf-ficient Hofts fhall be afligned to the fame Merchants

ITEM come en un eftatut fait en le temps del Roi Henry quarte puis le conqueft lan de fon regne quint ordeine fuit & eftablie qe toutz les merchantz aliens de quell eftat ou condition qils foient venantz demorantz ou repairantz deinz le Roialme dEngleterre foient traitez & demefnez , 1 deinz mefme le Roialme en manere fourme & condition come les merchantz deinfzeins font 011 ferront traitez ou demefnez es parties de par dela & en null autre manere fur peine de forfaire a Roi toutz les biens & chateux des ditz merchantz aliens Sc fur peine demprifonement des corps de mefmes les merchantz aliens. Et enfement ordeine fuit & eftablie en temps du dit nadgairs Roi Henry entre autres chofcs par eftatut qei> chefcun citee ville & port du meer dEngleterre ou les ditz merchantz aliens & eftrangfs font ou ferrront renairantz foient aflignez a mefmes les

merchants

C. 6} 7.	5°

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. inerchantz fufficeantz hofties par les mairs vif-contz ou baillives dcs ditz villes & ports du meer et qe les ditz merchantz aliens Sr eftrar.ges ne foient drmurantz ch autre lieu finon ovefqe les ditz hofties enfi a aflignerz ct qe mefmes les hofties enfi a aflignerz preignent pur lour travaill en ma-nerc qe foit accuftumez en auncien temps. Et pur tant qe noftre Seignur le Roy ad entendu qe mefmes les eftatutz nont efte mifez en execution Si voet Sc grante mefme noftre Seignur le Roi treffoverain qe ycclles eftatutz foient firmement tenuz Sc gardez en toutz points Sc mys en due execution de ceo enavaunt fclonc la contcnu en ycclles.

“ by the Mayors, Sheriffs, or Bailiffs of the faid Ci-“ ties. Towns, and Ports of the Sea; (3) and that “ the Merchants Aliens and Strangers fhall not remain ££ in other Places, but with the laid Hofts fo to be “ afligned; and that the fame Hofts fo to be afligned “ fhall take for their Labour in the fame Manner ££ as was accuftomed of old Time;” ‘ (4) And for Seen ll.j.c. ‘ that our Lord the King hath perceived that the fame r'yjjv:r" £ Statutes have not been put in due Execution, hewtOTi ‘ willeth and granteth. That the fame Statutes fhall ‘ be firmly holden and kept in a:l Points, and put in ‘ due Execution from henceforth according to the £ Purport of the fame.’

C A P. VI.

Penalty on Irifh Prelates for collating an Irijhman to a Benefice in England, or bringing an Irishman to Parliament to difeover the Counfel of Englijhmen to Rebels.

ITE1M come ordeinefuit en temps de les progenitours noftre Seignur le Roi par eftatuit fait en la terreo B.

dirland qe null dirrois nation ferroit eflu par eledlion en Ercevefqe Evefqe Abbe Priour ne en null manere receu nacceptee a null dignite ne benefice dedcinz mefme la terre. Et foit il qs plufours tieux Irrois par force des certeins lettres de licence a eux faitz par les lieutenantz du Roi illoeqes daccepter fie receiver tieux dignitees fie benefices font promotz Sc avancez as Ercevefchces fir Evefchees dedcinz la dite terre les queux font auxi lour collations as Irrois clercs des dignitees Sc benefices illoeqes encontre la forme & effect du die eftdtut. Et par la ou ils font ditez peeres de parlement en mefme la terre iis amefnent ovefqe eux as parlementz Sc confeils tenuz illoeqes Irrois fervantz par ont les privitees de les Engleis en mefme ia terre ont eftee Sc font de jour* u autre defcoverez a les Irrois gentz rebelx a Roi a trefgraunde peril & mefehief de ies loialx lieges du Roi en mefme la terre. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy defirant a ceo mettre remedie pur la feurte de fes loialx fubgitz del affent des Seignurs avantditz & a la requefte des ditz Communes voet fie grante qe le dit eftatut eftoife en fa entier force & qe bien & duement foit gardez St pleinement executz fur fa grievous indignation. Et outre ceo ad ordeigne Se eftablie del aflent Sc requeft avantditz qe ft af-tuns tieux Ercevefqes Evefqes Abbes ou Priours del Irrois nation rebeulx a Roi font de cea en avant ou ont faitz en arere collations ou prefentementz as benefices de Seinte efglife eri la dite terre dlrland-encontre la forme de mefme leftatut ou amefnent ovefqe eux entre les Engleis illoeqes as parlementz confeils ou au-tres aflemblces dedcinz mefme la terre afeuns Irrois rebeulx a Roi pur conuftre les privitees fir eftat des ditz Engleis & les defcoverer a les rebeulx qadonqcs foient maintenant de temps en temps toutz lour tem-povaltces feifiez es mains du Roi a demurrerz en ycclles tanqe ils eient faitz fufficeantz fynes a Roi cell partie. Et auxi qe toutz les lieutenantz du Roi Sc de fes heirs en la dite terre dirland foient toutoutrement defenduz St reftreintz defore enavant de chefcun manere poair avoir a doner ou grander afeuns tiels licences ou pardons en le cas as perfones Irrois nient Engleis. Et qe treftoutz tieux licences nient executz faitz fir granteez par l.s lieutenantz du Roi en mefme la terre avant ces heures fir auxi par eux a grantierz de ccj. enavant foient voides fir de null force ne value.

CAP. VII.

In what Cafes Letters of Marque may be granted.

ITEM pur ceo qe le Roi noftre foverain Scig-nur ‘ad oiez fii concieu a la grievous compleint de ia Comminalte de fon Roiaime en ccft prefent parlement de ceo qe par caufe dun eftatuit fait en fon parlement tenuz a Leyceftre le darrein jour dAverill lan de fon regne feconde en quel eftatut il eft contenuz qe les romperies des trieues fir faufeonduitz fir voluntries receit abettement procurement confeil lower fuftenance St mrinte nance des rompours de trieues fir faufeonduitz du Roi noftre foverain Seignur par fes lieges affaires delors enavant dedeinz les Roialmes dEngleterr fie Irlar.d Sr la paiis de Gales fir fur le haut meer foient ajuggez St terminez pur haut traifon fai encontre la corone & dignite du Roi a caufe de queli eftatut combien qe les fubgitz du Roi foient grevez encountre les trieues ils noofent foy pur-

T E M, Becaufc our Sovereign Lord the King?, H. 5. ?, 6, hath heard and conceived, at the grievous Com-;£ plaint of the. Commons of his Realm in this Parlia-£< merit, for that in refpedl of a Statute made at his ££ Parliament holden at Leicejier the laft Day of April *£ the Second Ymr of his Reign, in which Statute is ££ contained, That the breaking of Truce and of Lie ££ Conduits, and willing Receit, Abetment, Pro-££ curement, Counfel, Hiring, Suftair.ing, and Main-“ taining of Breakers of Truce, and of tine fafe Con-££ dudts of the Kin" our Lord, to be made by his <£ liege People from henceforth within the Realm of ££ England and Ireland, and the Country of JVa'es * A<Sd e>J ££ upon the main Sea, Ihall be judged and determined ££ for High Treafon done againft the Crown and the ££ King’s Dignity ; (2) by Keafon of which Siatute,

££ though the King’s Subjedts be fo much grieved

T t t 2	“	;;g	inft

5°8

'Hie Manner hew to obtain tetters of

Marque*

3>trer? of Maiqtie where Truce is broken in Scotlandy or the Marches thereof.

Repealed by 4. Jac. 1. c. j. f0 f 2rfas it coHcerns the People of Scotland^

Anno quarto Henrici V.	A.	D.	1416.

44 again!! theTr ce, that they dare not provide Re-“ medy by Way of Act, for that the King’s Enemies, 44 as well in the Parts beyond the Sea, as in the Realm 44 of Scotland, have hereof taken great Courage to 44 grieve the King’s faithful liege People, in flaying “ fome of them, and in taking fome of them Prifoners, 44 and alio taking their Goods and Chatties, again if 44 the Tenor of the Truce, as well upon the main “ Sea, as upon the '.larches of Scotland, whereof the faid Commons have humbly befeeched our Paid So-“ vereign Lord the King to provide Remedy ‘ (3) * the King willing, as well in this Cafe as in other, to ‘ take Order for the Imdemnity of his liege People ‘ and faithful Subjects, hath declared in this prefent 4 Parliament, That of all Attempts made by his Ene-4 mies upon any of his faithful liege People, againft 4 the Tenor cf any Truce taken before this Time, 4 wherein is no exprefs Mention made, that all Marques 4 and Reprifals fhall ceafe, the fame our Sovereign 4 Lord the King will grant Marque in due Form 4 to all them that feel themfelves in this Cafe grieved, 4 (4) and our faid Lord the King will do the like to 4 all his liege People that feel them grieved againft the 4 Tenor of any Truce, which betwixt him and any of 4 his Enemies fhall be newly taken hereafter. (5)

4 And to the greater Comfort of his faithful liege Peo-4 pie, to the Intent that they may the more readily, 4 and without long Delay, have Remedy in this Cafe, 4 the fame our Lord the King will, That if he or they 4 that feci them grieved againft the Tenor and Form 4 of fuch Truce within the Realm of England, out of 4 the laid Marches of Scotland, or upon the Sea, or in 4 the Parties beyond the Sea, fhall complain to the 4 Keeper of the Privy Seal, which for the Time fhall 4 be, who after fuch Complaint heard and perceived,

4 thereof fhall make to the Party Complainant (if he 4 the fame require) Letters of Requeft under the Privy 4 Seal in a due Form. And if, after fuch Requeft 4 made, the Party required do not make, within a con-‘ venient Time, due Reftitution or Satisfaction to the 4 Party grieved, then the Chancellor of England for 4 the time being fhall caufe to be made to fuch Party 4 grieved (if he that demand) Letters of Marque under 4 the Great Seal in a due Form. (6) And as for Re-4 medy to be ordained for the King’s liege People and 4 SubjeCts, that feel them grieved in the Realm of 4 Scotland, or in England at the Marches joining to Scot-4 land, againft the Form of fuch Truce as afore is 4 faid, our Lord the King fhall give Power by Com-‘ million to the Wardens, as well of the Eaft Marches,

4 as of the Weft Marches, toward Scotland and to 4 every of them, to hear the Complaints of all them his liege Ptople and Subjects which be or fhall be grieved, and to caufe thereupon to be made Requeft by Letters to be delivered to him which hath done, or fhall do, fuch Grievance, or to the Wardens of the Marches, or Confervator of the Truce of the Parties of Scotland, if he may well do it; or other-wife to make Proclamation in open Places upon the 4 Marches, that he or they which have done fuch Grievances againft the Truce, fhall make due Reftitution or Satisfa&ion to the Party grieved ; (7) and if they do it not within a convenient Time, then at the Inftance of every of the King’s liege People and Subje&s, which thereof feeleth, or fhall feel him-

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. voier de remedie par voie de fait Purtant les enne-mys du Roy noftre foverain Seignur fibien es parties depar dela la meer come en Roiaume dEfcoce en ont pris graunde corage de grever les foialx lieges du Roy en tuant afeuns de eux Sc afeuns en preignaunt prifoners & auxi en preig-nant lour biens & chateux encountre le tenure des trieues fibien fur le haut meer come en les marches dEfcoce defuifdit dont le fuifdit commi-na’te humblement ad fupplie noftre dit Seignur le Roi de Remede voillant le Roi noftre dit beig-nur cn ceo cas & autres toutditz purvoier a lin-dempnitee de fes lieges & foiaux fubgitz ad de-clarez en cefc prefent parlement qe de toutz at-temptatz faitz par fes ennemys fur afeuns de fes foialx lieges encountre le tenure daucunes trieuves devant ces heures prifes en les quelles neft pas fait exprefle mention qe toutz marques reprifaillei cefteront mefme noftre Seignur le Roi a toutz qi lour fentiront en tiel cas grevez Voet grauntier marque en due forme et pareillement ferra noftre dit Seignur le Roi a toutz fes lieges qi fe fentiront grevez encontre le tenure daucuns trieuves qe contre luy et aucuns fes enemys ferront de novel; prifez en temps avenir. Et a la greindre confo-lation de fes ditz foialx lieges au iyn qils purront pluis preftement & fanz longes delaies avoir remede en ceo cas Voet mefme noftre Seignur le Roi qe cellui ou ceux qi fe fentira ou fentiront grevez encountre le teneur & fourme de tidies trieuves dc-deins le Roialme dEngleterre hors de les fuifditz marches dEfeoce ou fur le meer ou es parties pardela foy compleindra ou compleindront au Gardein du prive feal qi pur le temps ferra qi tiel compleint oiee & entendue ent ferra pur la partie compleignante lettres de requeft foutz le prive feal en due fourme. Et ft apres tie] requeft faite la partie requife »e ferra dedeinz temps covenable due reftitution ou fatisfaftion a la partie grevee adonqcs le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ferra faire a tide partie grevee li le voet demander lettres de marque deloutz le grande feal en due fourme. Et qant a purveance de remede pur les lieges & fubgitz du Roi qi fe fen-tont ou fentiront grevez en dit Roiaume dEfcoce ou en Engleterre es marches adjoignantz au dit Roiaume dEfcoce countre la forme de tidies trieuves come deftuis le Roy noftre Seignur dourra poair par commiflion as gardeins fibien de lEft marche come de la Weft: marche vers Efcoce & a chefcun de eux pur oier les compleints de toutz yceux de fes lieges & fubgiz qi enfi font ou ferront grevez & pur faire fur ceo eftre faite requeft: par lettres a bailler a cellui qi ad ou avera fait la grev-ance ou a gardein de la marche ou confervatour de les trieves pur la partie dEfcoce fi fe purra bo-nement faire ou autrement de faire proclamation en lieux publiks fur la marche qe cellui ou ceux qi avera ou averont fait ttels grevances encountre les trieuves ent face ou facent due reftitution ou fatisfadion a la partie grevee et fils ne le facent point dedeins temps covenable adonqes al inftance de chefcun des lieges & fubgiz du Roi noftre Seignur qi en fente ou en fentira eftre greveez en tiel

ca3

44 Revenge, have often caufed to be indidted and ap-44 pealed divers of our true liege People, of Treafons 44 or Felonies in the County or Lancajler, pretending 44 by thofe Appeals and Indictments, 'that the faid <{ Treafons or Felonies were committed in a certain “ Place, where of Truth no fuch Place is had in the 44 faid County where the faid Appeal and Indidtment 44 is made, to the great Damage and Peril of fuch our 44 liege People, confidering that fome Jo appealed and 44 indicted dare not appear before the juftices in their 44 proper Perfons, to anfwer thereof, for Fear of beat-44 ing, maiming, or killing of them, by the Confpi-cc rators or Procurors of the fame Appeals and Indict-44 ments, as by the Commons of the Realm of England., 44 in our laft Parliament holden at JVcJhninJler, by their 44 Petition there exhibited, grievoufly complairdng, Cmmn.cHy 9 H.44 was fhewed 4 (2) It is ordained in the fame Par-5.4-. 1. c. i. ‘ lianient, by the Aflent of the Prelates and Great H/6. c. A ‘ Men of the fame Realm there being, at the Requeft of 4 the faid Commons, for the common Profit and Qui-‘ etnefs of the People of the fame Realm, That every 4 juftiee which hath Power to hear and determine fuch ‘ Treafons and Felonies within the faid County, by 4 the Oath of Twelve Men (of whom every one fit all 4 have Freehold in the fame County to the yearly Va-4 lue of an Hundred Shillings above all Charges) before 4 that the Exigent he awarded, without Allegation of •c the Party, as well in the Party’s Abfence as his Pre-* fence, fhall inquire of Office, whether any fuch 4 Place be in the County where fuch Appeals or In-4 diftments be made, or to be made, or not; (3) and 4 if it be found that there is no fuch'Place within the 4 fame County, then fuch Appeals and Indictments,

4 and the Procefs thereupon made, or to be made,

‘ lhall be void, and holden for none ; and that in fuch 1 Cafe the Indiftors aforefaiu be punifned by Imprifon-

4	rnent, Fine, and Ranfom by the Difcretion of the

5	faid. Juftices. (5) And. that .this prefent Ordinance 4 and Remedy extend as well to Appeals and Indictments 4 not determined before this Time, as to Appeals and In-4 didtments to be taken hereafter; (6) and if any Exi-4 gent from henceforth be awarded, before that fuch 4 Inquifttion of Office, as afore is faid, be taken, that 4 the fame Exigent, and the awarding thereof, be like-‘ wife void and holden for none.’ Continued by 9 Hen. 5. c. 1. made perpetual 18 Hen. 6. c. 12.

Th^ like Procefs 4 II. .Provided that this prefent Ordinance have ftai, be ayv.micd ‘ Strength, and extend only until the next Parliament. I^k«h.™Pnb!‘ (?) And alfo know ye. That in the faid Parliament, j:iheth falfe'	of the Aflent and Requelt aforefaid, it was ordained

Deeds by Capias	1	and ftablifhed, That in	Writs to	be purebafed

e.-.d i.x^er.r, as ‘ againft thofe that forge or make untrue Charters or pafs.111501 fd ‘ Miniments, and them proclaim, or,caufe to be read, ifep. 5 El. c. i4.	‘	like Procefs lhall be made	by Capias	and Exigent,

4	as in Writs of Trefpafs.	(3) And	therefore we

4 command you, firmly injoining, That immediately ' 4 after the Sight hereof, you caufe this Statute and 4 Ordinance openly to be proclaimed in the Places 4 within the fame County where fhall be moll ex-. 4 pedient and neceflary, as well within Liberties as with-' 4 out; (4) and that alfo you caufe all and fingular our 4 Juftices, having Power to hear and determine Felo-4 r.ics and Treafons within the faid County, fully o 2

Ex Rot, In Turr. L'ond. • litia & inimicitia ac. propter lucrum & vindidlam div.rfos fideles ligeos noftros'de proditionibus five feloniis in comitatu Lancaftrie frequentius indidrari • Si appellari fecerunt pretendentes' per appella feu indieftamenta ilia quod predicle proditiones aut felonie perpetrate fuerunt in cei to loco ubi de veri-tate tabs locus in comitatu predicto in quo appel-lum vel indicftamentum faclum exiftit non habetur ad grave dampnuni. & periculum ligeorum noftro-rum hujufmodi confiderato quod quidam ftc appel-lati ’& indidbati coram Jufticiar’ ad refpondend’ irlde ob metum verberationis mahemii feu interfec-tionis eorundem per ipforum appellorum feu indic-tamentorum confpiratorcs aut ea fieri procurantes in propriis perfonis comparere non audent prout per communitatem regni noftri Anglie in ultimo parliamento noftro apud Weftm’ tento exiftentem per petitionem fuam in parliamento illo exhibitam fuerat graviter conquerendo monftratum'ordinatum ex'titit in eodem parliamento de aflenfu Prelatorum procerum & Magnatum didti regni noftri Anglie ibidem exiftentium ad requifitionem didte Commu-nitatis pro communi utilitate & quiete populi ejuf-dem regni noftri quod quilibet Juftitiarius qui ad hujufmodi proditiones & felonias infra comitatum prcdichun audiendum & terminandum poteftatem habet per facramentum duodecim virorum quorum quilibet liberum tenementum in predi&o comitatu valoris annui centum folidorum ultra reprifas opti-neat priufquam exigenda adjudicata fuerit abfque partis allegatione tarn in partis abfentia quam pre-fentia inquirat ex officio utrum aliquis talis locus eft in comitatu .ubi ^appella feu indi&amenta ilia funt fadfta five facienda necne. Et ft compertum fuerit quod talis locus non habetur infra eundem comitatum tunc appella & indidlamenta ipfa procefllis inde faftus feu faciendus fmt vacua Si pro nullis hiabeantur et quod in cafu illo indiefa-tores predidfi per imprifonamentuin finem Si re-demptionem per diferetionem Juftitiariorum pre-didtorum puniantur; ‘ Et quod'prefens ordinatio & remedium tam ad appella & indicSIamenta nan de-terminata ante hec tempora capta quam ad appella & indidfomenta in futurum capienda fe exte.ndant & fi que exigenda antequam hujufmodi inquifirio ex officio ut fupradiiftum eft capiatur decetero fuerit adjudicata quod tunc exigenda et adjudi-catio ille fimiliter lint vacue Si pro nullis habe-antur.

Provifo quod prefens ordinatio vigorem habeat & fe extendat ufque.ad parliamentum proximo futurum duntaxat. Et ulterius fciacis quod in parliamento predidlo de aflenfu & requifitione predidfis ordinatum fuerat & ftatutum qued in brevibus veifus eos qui fabricant feu faciunt cartas five munirr.cnta minus vera & ea proclamant Si legi faciunt perquirendis fiat procefl'us confimilis per Capias Si exigendam ut in brevibus de tranfgref-fione, Et ideo vobis mandamus firmiter injun-gentes quod ftatim vifis prefentibus. ordinationem & ftatutum predidba in locis infra comitatum ilium ubi mag is expediens fuerit Si necefie tam infra liberates quam extra publice prodamari deman-detis nccnon omnes & fingulos juftitiarios noftros poteftatem audiendi Si terminendi felonias Sc proditiones infra comitatum predidtum habentes de

dieftis

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

dictis ordinatione & ftatuto per literas veflras te- ‘ be iuftru£ted, and without Belay to be certified of norem eorundem continentes plenarie inftrui & £ the Bid Ordinance and Scacute by your Letters, con-certificari faciatis indilate. Tefte Johanne Duce. ‘ taming the Tenour of the fame. .Witnefs, &c. the Bedfordie Cuftode Anglie apud Wellin’ x. die c Sixteenth Day of December, the Seventh Year of Decembr’anno regni noftri feptimo.	‘ our Reign. (5) And by Petition in the Parliament

c holden' at'TVejlminJler ,the Second'Day of December, c the Eighth Year of the fame King, a like Writ was ‘ made ; faving that the Teite of the fame Writ was,

‘ IFitnefs Humfrey Duke of Gloucefter, ProteRor of c England, at Weftrhinfter, the Tenth Day of January, e .the Eighth Year, See.’

REX vicecomitibus London’ falutem. Sciatis quod pro eo quod gentes &c. wt fupra ufque—ut in brevibus de tranfgreflione. Et tunc fic: Et ideo vobis precipimus firmiter injungentes quod &c. ut fupra ufque ibi'— & neceiTe et tunc fic— publice proclametis feu proclamari faciatis. Tefie ut fupra-. -v	Confimilia	brevia	diriguntur fingulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

5*

A Statute made at Weftminfter, Anno 8 Hen. V. and Anno

Dom. 1420..

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond. m. 2.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le fecond jour de Decembr’ lan du reigne le Roy Henry quint, puis le conqueft oep-tifme mefme noftre: Seignur le Roy del aflent ties Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a les ef-peciale inftance & requeft des Communes aflem-blez a ceo mefme parlement fift ordeiner & cftablir certeins eftatutz be ordinances en la fourme qenfuit.

T the Parliament holden at Wcjlminjler the' Second Day of December, the Eighth Year of the Reign of King PIenry the Fifth, the fame our Lord the Kingj by the Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Commons aftembled in-the fame Parliamerit, hath caufed to - be ordained and itablifhed certain Statutes and Ordinances, in, •the Form following,”

c A P. I.	,	.	•

Parliament Writs being awarded in the Name of the King’s Lieutenant, fhall not be flayed

by the King’s Return into England.

PRimerement pur ceo qe par la grace de Dieu final pees fe prift nad^airs parentre noftre foverain SeignurE SR.

le Roy & le Roy de France fon pier en tiel fourme qe noftre dit Seignur le Roy ferra nomee Heir-& Regent du Roialme de France durant la vie de fon dit pier & avera la governance diceli '& apres la mort de mefme fon pier le dit Roialme & le corone de France r’emaindront a noftre foverain S.eignur le Roy & a fes heirs pur toutz jours Si eft il vrailemblablc qe pur la bon governance fibien du dit Roialme de France come de ceft Roialme dEngleterre le dit noftre foverain Seignur afeun foitz ferra decea & afeun foitz dela le nicer felonc ceo qe meulx femblera a:fa fage difcretioii pur la meillour governance de kin & la.utre Roialnie pur tant ordeinez eft & eftabliz qe ft en temps aveni'r noftre dit foverain Seignur le Roy efteant es parties pardela face fummoner fon parlement en ceft Roialme par fes brieves defoutz le tefte de fon lieutenant qore elt 011 qi pur le temps ferra & apres lez fummons de tieux parlements hors du Chauncellarie le Roy iffuez noftre dit Seignur le Roy arrive en ceft Roialme qe par tiel arrivaille de mefme noftre Seignur le Roy tiel parlement 11c ferra difiolvee mes in ycell puiffe le Roy noftre foverain Seignur proceder fanz novell foraons diccll.

C A P. II.

Certain Gold or Silver fhall be brought to the Mint inftead of Wooll or Tin tranfported.

IT EM ordeinez eft & eftabliz qe chefcun merchant eftranger achatant lains dEngleterre pur les amefner.O E,.

es parties del Weft ou aillours nient venantz a leftaple pur eftre illoeqes venduz portera au maiftre del mynte de la Tour de Loundrds de chefcun fak un unce de bullion dor & en mefme la manere de trois peces deftein un unce de bullion dor ou la value cn bullion dargent fur peine de forfaire mefmes les lains & eftein au la value dicelles au Roy.

C A P,

Anno o£tavo Henrici V

A. D. 1420

CAP. III.

What Things only may be gilded, and what laid on with Silver.

S H. 4. c. 13.

c TTEM, That none from henceforth fhall gild 4 JL any Sheaths, nor Metal, but Silver, and the Or-

*	naments of holy Church; (2) nor fhall filvcr noMe-

*	tal but Knights Spurs, and all the Apparel that per-4 taineth to a Baron, and above thatEftate: upon Pain 4 of Forfeiture to the King ten Times as much as the ‘ Thing fo gilt is of Value, and fhall have alfo one c Year’s Imprifonment. (3) And the Juftices of Peace 4 fhall have Power to inquire thereof, and that to

*	determine. (4) And he that will fue for the King ‘ in this Behalf, fhall have the third Part of the faid pe-4 cuniary Pain.

‘ II. Provided, That this laft Ordinance fhall begin

*	to hold Place at the Feaft of Eafler next coming.’

Ex Rot. in Ti&r. Lond.

ITEM qe nulle perfone enorre en temps ave-nir afeuns dez gemes appelles fhethes ne me-taille finon argent & les ornaments de feint efglife ne argente null metaille forfpris les efperons des chivalers & tout lapparaille qe appertient au baron & defuis celle eftate fur peine de forfaire au Roy dys foitz a tant come la chofe iffint enorree foit de value & avera auxi lemprifonement dun an. Et eient Juftices de la pees poair dent enquerrer & ceo terminer et celuy qi ferra la fuit pur le Roy cefte partie ait la terce partie de la dit peine cuniere.

Purveu qe ceft darrain ordeinance comencera a tenir lieu a le feft de Pafk profehein avenir.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 9 Hen. V. St at. 1. and

Anno Dom. 1421.

<4 A T the Parliament holden at Weftminjler the “	Second	Day	of	May,	the	Ninth Year of the

“ t JL Reign of King Henry the Fifth after the ** Conqueft; the fame our Lord the King, by the Af-“ fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Commons, “ affembled in the fame Parliament, hath caufed to be “ ordained and ftablifhed certain Statutes and Ordi-“ nances in the Form following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond, m. 2.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le feconde jour de Maii lan du reigne del Roy Henry quint puis le conqueft noe=r vefme mcfme noftre Seignur le Roy del aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a les efpeciale inftance & requeft des Communes af-femblez a ceo mefme parlement fift ordeiner & eftablir certeins eftatutz & ordinances en la fourme qenfuift.

CAP. I.

A Continuance of the Statute of 7 Hen. 5. touching Indiftments.

I Roll 413.

Made perpetual fay 18 H. 6.

7 H. 3. c. 1,

‘ TT IR S T, That the Statute made in the Parlia-‘ JD ment holden at JVeJhninJler in the Seventh Year ‘ of the Reign of our faid Lord the King, touching ‘ Appeals and Indiftments, ftand in his Force, and ‘ hold Place, till the next Parliament to be holden

*	after the King’s'Return from beyond the Sea into

*	England'

EN primes pur ceo qe plufeurs gents par malice enemite & vengeance facent lovent foitz les foialx Urges du Roy eftre appellez ou enditez en diverfes countes des traifons ou de felonies fup-pofant par les ditz appelles ou enditements qe les ditz traifons & felonies furent faitz en un certein lieu la ou il nad tiel lieu en cell cotantee ou len-ditement eft fait ne tiel lieu come eft ou ferra de-claree par les ditz appelles ordeines eft qe les ditz appelles & enditementz & le proces dicelles foient voidez & tenuz pur null et qe les ditz appelles ou enditez point avoir brieves de confpiracie vers lour enditours proeurours & confpiratours & recovercr lour damages & qe les ditz enditours proeurours & confpiratours foient auxi puniz par emprifonement fyn & raunceon pur avantage du Roy par difere-tion dez Juftices. Et qe ceft ordinance & remedie fextendent auxibien des appelles & enditementz prifez devaunt ces heurs en temps noftre Seignur le Roy quoreft nient determinez come des appelles ou enditements aprendrerz en temps avenir et qe ceft ordinance eftoife en fa force tanqe a profehein parlement a tenir puis la revenu noftre dit Seignur le Roy en Engleterre de pardela.

CAP.

A. D. 1421

Anno nono Henrici V,

Stat. 1.	513

CAP. II.

No Perfon outlawed in the County of Lancajlir fhall forfeit any Lands or'Goods but fuch as

he hath in the fame County.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

ITEM ordeinez eft qe null dez lieges noftre Seignur lc Roy vers queux exigende ferra agardee ou utlagez EXP.

a fuit de Roy noftre l'overain Seignur en temps avenir ou al fuit de partie en le.countee de Lancaftre tor- >2 H. 6. c. 13. face afcuns de fes biens chatieux terres ou tenementz en autres countees forfprifes fes biens chatieux terrcS10	*•

ou tenementz queux les ditz utlages ont en mefme le counte de Lancaftre. Purveu. toutz voiez qe leftatut	J	2'

fait lan primer de Roy Henry quart pier noftre dit foverain Seignur encontre les gents del countee de Ceftr’ ? h. 4.0! iS. qe font as plufeurs lieges du Roy en diverfes countees dEngleterre plufeurs homicides murdrez robberies ’ bateries trefpas & autres rioutes b malefaitz eftoife en fa force non obftant cell prefente ordinance et qe cell ordinance eftoife en fa force tanqe a parlement qe .ferra primerement tenuz puis la revenue noftre dit foverain Seignur en Engleterre de pardela.

CAP. III.

Proteflions granted to them that be in the King’s Service in Normandy or France, or which

fhall pafs with him into France. ■■■

ITEM par la ou la prife des aflifes generabnent ad longement ceflez par tout le Roialme par caufe duneE X p.

ordinance fait par le Roy a fa feconde paflage vers les parties de Normandie b par fon confeil le Roy con-4 6• c’ fiderant les defaifes b damages queux plufeurs de fes lieges ont euz b fuftenuz parmy celle cefler ad com-14 E • 4- c- 2* mandee qe fes Juftices teignent les aflifes parmy fon Roialme par manere accuftume. Et qe pur evitier defheritances des perfones qi font pafiez ore b pafleront en cell prefent voiage du Roy noftre foverayn Seignur qe Dieu lefploit b auxi de les perfones qi font demurantz en le fervice du Roy es parties de Normandie & de France ordeinez eft b purveuz qe en chefcun protection ove la claufe volumus aft’aire pur que-conqe de mefmes les perfones foit en la claufe de exception contenuz en ycell omiftion de cedes paroles af-iifts nove difleiftne & qe toutz ceux protedlions foient alouables &alouez pur eux & chefcun de eux en toutz les courts du Roy b aillours ou tiel protection foit mys avant pur afeun tiel perfone en toutz pices daffifes fibien de novell dilfeifine come de frelh force faunz afeune difficultee. Purveu toutz voiez qe les jugge-inentz arendrerz defore enavant en tieux aflifes arrannez ou arrannerz ne foient my prejudicielx a afeunes des ditz perfones iflint demurrantz en le fervice du Roy pardela come devant eft dit qont afeun chofe en . reverfton ou en remayndre en terres ou tenementz dont tieux aflifes font ou ferront arrannes fils qont en reverfion ou en remayndre en tielx terres ou tenementz ne foient nomes en mefmes les aflifes mes queles foient envers eux tout voidez. Et durera cell ordinance tanqe a parlement qe ferra primerement tenuz puis la profehein revenue du Roy en Engleterre. Et ft cell ordinance touchant les ditz perfones iflint demurantz en le fervice du Roy pardela & auxi touchant les ditz perfones qont pafles b pafleront en le dit voiage ne foit my fufficeant pur laife b feurte de eux accordez eft auxi et aftentuz qe lez Seignurs du confeil du Roy pur le temps elleantz eient plein poair par audtorite de cell parlement de mettre ordeiner b purvoier fufficiant remedie pur le aife b feurete de treftoutz mefmes lez perfones come pur eux b chefcune de eux femblera as ditz Seignurs le pluis vaillable b expedient en la cas folonc lour bones advis b diferetions. •

CAP. IV.

The Juftices may amend Defaults in Records or Procefs after Judgement given.

ITEM come ordeine fuit b eftable en lella--tut fait lan quatorfzifme del Roy E. tierce puis le conqueft qe pur mefprifion du clerk en qeconqe place qe ceo foit ne foit procefle du plee anientie ne difcontinue par mefprendre en eferivant un lettre ou un filable trop ou trop -poy mes ft toft come la chofe ferra apercieu par chalange du partie ou en autre manere foit ha-lliment amendee en due fourme fanz doner avan-tage au partie qe ceo chalengera pur caufe de tiel mefprifion le Roy noftre foverayn Seignur confiderant la diverfttee doppinions queux len avoit fur le dit eftatut b pur mettre la chofe en le pluis overte conifance ad declares b ordeinez au prefent par audlorite du ceft parlement qe les Juftices devaunt queux tiel plee ou recorde eft fait ou ferra pendant ftbien par adjourne-ment come par voie derrour ou autrement eient Vol. I.

“ T TEM, Whereas it was ordained and fiablifhedHEii. 3. flat. i. “ -V in the Statute made the fourteenth Year of King£- 6>

“ Edward the Third after theConqueft, that for Mif- R' 2' c' 4"

“ prifton of the Clerk in any Place wherefoever it be,

“ the Procefs,of the Plea fhould not be avoided nor dif-“ continued, by miftaking in writing one Letter or “ Syllable too much or too little, (2) but as foon as the “ Thing is perceived, by Challenge of the Party, or in “ other Manner, it fhould haftily be amended in a due “ Form, without giving Advantage to the Party that “ challengeth the fame becaufe of fuch Mifpriiioii c (^) the King our Sovereign Lord, conftdering theDy^342-‘ Diverftty of Opinions which have been upon the faid 5	45*

‘ Statute, and to put the Thing in more open Knbvy-‘ ledge, hath declared and ordained at this Time, by ‘ Authority of this prefent Parliament, That the Ju-* ilices before whom fuch Plea or Record is made, or ^

£ fhall be depending, as well by Adjournment, as by U u.u	“	V'ay

‘ Way of Error, or otherwife, {hall have Power and ‘ Authority to amend fuch Record and Procefs, as 4 afore is faid, according to the Form of the fame Sta-

4	tute, as well after Judgement in any fuch Plea, Re-

5	cord, or Procefs given, as before Judgement given in 4 any fuch Plea, Record, or Procefs, as long as the fame 4 Record and Procefs is before them, in the fame Man-4 ner as the Juftices had Power to amend fuch Record 4 and Procefs before Judgement given by Force of the ‘ faid Statute made in the Time of the faid King 4 Edward. (4) And that this Ordinance endure till 4 the Parliament that fhall be firft holden after the Re-

Made perpetual « turn Qf our Sovereign Lord the King into England

SH4. 6 C ‘ from beyond the Sea/	.	-

15. See. farther what DtfeSis are amendable 10 II. 6. c. 4. iS H. 6. c. 9.	5	El.ee. c. 23.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. poar & audborite de amender tiels recorde & pro-ces come avaunt eft dit folonc la forme de mef-me leftatuit fibien apres juggement en tiel plee recorde ou proces renduz come avaunt le juggement renduz en tiel plee recorde ou proces tant come Ies ditz recorde & proces foient devaunt eux en mefine le manere come Juftices avoient poiar de amend re tielx record & proces avaunt juggement renduz par force del dit eftatuit en temps du dit Roy E. fait come defuis. Et durrera ceft ordinance tanqe a parlement qi ferra tenuz primerement apres la revenue du noftre foveraia Seignur en Engletcrre de pardcla.

27 EL c. 5. and 4 Ann, c. 16.

CAP. V.

During four Years the King may aflign Sheriffs, GV. to continue in their Offices above one Year, notwithstanding the Statute of 14 Edward 3. Stat. 1. cap. 7.

XP,	TTEM	come	par	eftatuit	fait	aWeftm’	lan	du	reigne	le	Roy	E.	tierce	puis	le conqueft quatorzifme

J. ordeigne foit & eftable qe null vifeount demureroit en fa bailie outre un an & qe adonqes ferroit autre covenable ordeigne en fon lieu qi ufle terres fufficeantz en fa baillie. Et qe null efehetour demurreroit en fon office outre un an. Et combien qe au temps de la fafance du dit eftatuit plufeurs vaillantz & fufficeantz perfones y furent en chefcun counte dEngleterre pur occupier & governer celles offices bonement envers le Roy Sc toutz fes lieges. Et pur tant qe fibien par peftilences diverfes dedeinz le Roialme come par les guerres dehors y ne ad tiel fufficiantee a prefent Si eft ordeignez en ceft parlement qe le Roy par laueboritee dicell, purra faire les vifeonts & efehetours parmy le Roialme a fa voluntee tanqe au fyn de quatre ans forfpris en les countees es queux certeins perfones font enheriteez de tieles maners offices le dit terme comenceant a la profehein eledbion de tieux officers le dit eftatut fait le dit an quatorfzifme ou afeun autre eftatut ou ordinance fait au contrarie non obftant et qe ycelles officers foient perfones fufficeantz & de bone fame Sc qe lez vifeontz aient due allouance dan en an durant mefme le terme en lour accomptes & auxi pardons ceftalfavoir ceux qi bofoignent avoir tieux pardons & ceo par aavis du confel du Roy Sc ficome refon Sc confcience. demandant.

CAP. VI.

The Mint lhall be at Calais.

2	X P„	TTEM le Roy pur laife dez merchantz Sc antres demurantz Si refeantz a Caleis 8t auxi pur

JL lencres de fa moneie voet & ad ordeignee qun fon mynte & auxi fon cunage foient euz Si ufez deinz mefme la ville de Caleis tant come y plerra au Roy falves a luy ceo qe a luy de droit appent del mynte Si cunage avauntditz.

C A P. VII.

The Statute provided 2 H. 5. Stat. 1. c. 5. for Offenders in Tyndal and Er.hamjhire,. fhall be

extended againft the like Offenders in Ridefdale.

a-H. j. ftati 1. 44 TTEM, Whereas in the Parliament holden at c- s*	44	JL Leicejler the laft Day of April, the Second Year

44 of the R.eign of our Sovereign Lord the King that 44 now is, at the grievous Complaint made to him there 44 by certain of his Commons, for that many Murders, 44 Treafons, Manflaughters, Robberies, and other Of-* upon.	44	fences were committed * by divers of the King’s

f Aid by Pcrfent.A liege People, t dwelling within the Franchifes of 44 Tyndal and Exhamjhire, by Favour of the Franchife, 44 where the King's Writ doth not run, to the great 44 Mifchief and Peril of the faid liege People j. (2) it 44 was ordained and ftablifhed, That if any Perfon of 44 the fame Franchifes, refident and abiding within the 44 fame, of what Eftate or Condition that he be, com-44 mit any Murders, Treafons, Manflaughters, Rob-44 heries,, or. confent to do the fame out of the faid

ITEM come en le parlement tenuz a Ley-ceftre le darrein jour dApnrill lan del reigne noftre trefioverayn Seignur le Roy qoreft feconde a la grevous compleint fait au Roy illoeqes par certeins fes communes de ceo qe plufeurs mur-dres trefons homicides robberies & autres maffaitz as plufeurs fes lieges par gentz demurantz dedeins les franchifes de Tyndale Sc Exhamfhire ou brief le Roy ne court mye par favour d; celles franchifes furent perpetres a grande mefehief & peril des ditz lieges du Roy ordeigne fuit & eftable qe ft afeune perfone des ditz franchifes refeant ou demurant deinz ycelles de. quelle eftate ou condition il fuifle face murdres trefons homicides ou robberies ou confente de les faire hors des ditz

franchifes.

4r

Stat. i

Sr5

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lond. franchifes proces foit fait devers luy par la commune ley tanqe il foit utlagee et qe apres tile utlagarie pronuncie Sc retournee facent ent les Juftices devaunt queux tiele utlagarie foit retournee certification a tieux miniftres ou a tiel miniftre dez fuifditz franchifes come a eux fem-blera meultz celle partie folonc lour difcretion Sc foit tiel felon pris par tiel miniftre ou tieux miniftres Sc fes terres St tenementz biens Sc cha-tieux efteantz deinz yce'les franchifes feifiez es mains des Seignurs de ■mefrnrs les franchifes pur le temps efteantz come forfaitz Et qe les autres terres & tenementz biens Sc chatieux de tiel felon efteantz hors de mefmes les franchifes demur-gent entierement au Roy Sc as autres Seignurs aiantz en franchife come forfaitz Salvant toutz foitz au Roy les forfaitures dautiels murdrours traitours homicidours robbours Sc autres maf-faifours queconqes Sc dautres chofes queux a luy apperteignent come de droit de fa corone. Et pur tant qe femblables murdres trefons homicides robberies confentements Sc maftaites par diverfes perfones larons Sc felons appellez Intakers & Outputters demurantz deinz- la franchife de Ri-defdale en quele franchife le brief du Roy ne court mye come eft dit ont eftee faitz jatard en diverfes lieus en les eountees de Northumbr’ Cumbr’ Weftmerl’ Sc aillours hors de mefme la franchife de Ridefdale par favour Sc focour de mefme la franchife dont null redrefce vers eux nad eftee eu par les leies ceo enarere ufez a trefgraunde mefchief peril Sc damage a le poeple iflint gre-vez come le Roy par clamous pleint a luy fait en cefte prefent parlement lad pleinement en-tendu. Noftre fovcraigne Seignur voillant ceo remedier ft ad ordeignes Sc eftablez en ceo mefme parlement qe autieux proces certification Sc execution foient faitz defore enavaunt vers tieux murdrours traitours homicidours robbotrs con-l'entours Sc maffefours demurantz ou refeantz de-deinz la dit franchife de Ridefdale pur caufe de lour maffaitz faitz dehors mefme la franchife de Ridefdale. Et auxi tieux maners forfaitures en-courgent en toutz pointz fibien envers le Roy come envers toutz autres perfones come fuit 01-deigne vers les ditz mafraifours de Tyndale Sc Exhamlhire par le dit eftatuit fait a Leyceftrc Sc folonc la fourme Sc equite de mefme leftatuit Salvant toutz foitz au Roy ceo qe a luy appertient ceiles parties come de droit de fa corone.

“ Franchifes, Proccfs fhall be made againft him by the “ Common Law till he were outlawed; (3) and that “ after fuch Outlawry pronounced, and Return made “ thereof, the Juftices before whom fuch Outlawry “ fhall be returned, fltould thereof make Certificate to “ fuch Minifter and Minifters of the faid Franchifes,

“ as to them beft fhould feem in this Behalf, according “ to their Difcretion; (4) and fuch Felon fliall be “ taken by fuch Minifter or Minifters, and his Lands “ and Tenements, Goods and Chatties, being within '

“ the fame Franchifes, feifcd into the Hands of the “ Lords of the fame Franchifes for the time being, as “ forfeit; (5) and that the other Lands and Tene-“ ments, Goods and Chatties of fuch Felons out of “ the fame Franchifes, Ihall wholly remain to the “ King, and to other Lords having thereof Franchifes,

“ as forfeit; (6) faving always to the King die For-“ feitures cf fuch Murderers, Traitors, Flan (layers,

“ Robbers, and all fuch Offenders, and of other “ Things, which to him pertain as of the Right of his Crown. (7) And forafmuch as like Murders, Trea-“ fons, Manflaughters, Robberies, Contents, and Of-ce fences by divers Perfons, Thieves, and Felons, cal-“ led Intakers and ■ Out/artsrs,1 dwelling within the* Outputters..

“ Franchife of Ridefdale, in which Franchife the Ring’s “ Writ doth not run, as it is Lid, have been done now “ of late in divers Places in the Counties of Northum-“ berlund, Cumberland, JVeJhn-’ land, and elfewli'rS; cyqf :c of the fame Franchife. of Ridefdale, by Favour and' cc Succour of the fame Franchife, whereof no Ream's “ towards them hath been hal by the Laws heretofore “ ufed, to the great Mifchief, Peril, and Damage of “ the People fo grieved, as our Sovereign Lord tfie “ King, by the grievous Complaint to him made in tc this prefent Parliament, hath fully perceived ‘ (8.J ‘ Our faid Sovereign Lord the King, willing to remedy £ the fame, hath ordained and ftablifhed in the fame ‘ Parliament, That fuch Proeefs, Certificate, and Ex-£ ecution fhall be made hereafter againft fuch Murdep-i ers, Manllayers, Robbers, Confenters, and Offenders,

‘ abiding or refident within the faid Franchife of Ridef-‘ dale, for their Offences done out of the faid Franchife £ of Ridefdale. (9) And alfo fuch Manner of Forfej-‘ tures fhall run in all Points, as well to our Sovereign c Lord the King, as to all other Perfons, as it was ur-* dained for the faid Offenders of Tyndctl and Exham-( Jhire by the faid Statute made at Le'icejier, and accord-‘ ing to the Form and Equity of the fame Statute;

‘ (10) faving always to the King that which pertaineth§.e,, H 7-c_

£ to him in this Behalf, as of the Right of his Crown.’ 14EI. c/13.

Kexham and Hcxhamfhiie declared to U ‘within the County of NoithumbcrlaMj,

CAP. VIII.

Certain Scholars of Oxford to be banifhed tire Univerfity for certain Offences.

ITEM pur ceo qe plufeurs efcolers & cleris del univerfite dOxenford difeonuz armez Sc arraiez a faireE X I*.

de guerre ont fovent ouftez St dilfefiez diverfes perfonez de lour terrez Sc tenementz en les eountees dOxenford Berk’ Sc Buk’ Sc auxinf ont chaccz ove chicns Sc leverers en diverfes garennes parks & fbrefte en mefmes, les eountees fibien par jour come par noet Sc pris defines Sc dames levers & eonyns irianeceanti outre ceo les gardeins dicelles 1c lour vies & auxi ove fort main ont pris c’ercs convidz de felonie par du6 proces de leie hors del garde dordinaries & ceux prifoners ont amefnes ovcfqe eux Sc lefiez aler a large com* le Roy par overt compleint Sc tefmoignanee a luy fait en ceft parlement lad entendue. Noftre dit l'overain Seignur voillant a ceo mettre remedie ad ordeignez & eftabliz en mefme le parlement qe' due proces vers tielx efcolers maffefours pur lour offenfes foit fait come la commune leie-& auxi les eftatuitz de la terre requi-rent folonc le cas tanqe ils veignent a refpons ou foient utlages. Et ft afeun tiel efcoler. foit enfi utlagee adonqes les Juftices devaunt queux celle utlagarie foit retournee facent certifier le Chanccller del univerfite

U u u 2	fuifdite

5*6

Stat. i.

Anno nono Henrici V,

A. D. 142%.

. Eh Rot, in Turr, Lond. fuifdite pur le temps eftearit de mefme lutlagarie et qe mefme le Chaunceller fur cell certification eu face banner maintenant & fanz difficulte tieux udages hors de mefme luniverfite fur peine qe appent. Et qe cell: ordinance durera tanqe a profchein parlement a tenir puis le revenue de noftre dit Seignur le Roy en 'Engleterre de pardela.

;	CAP. IX.

No Abbot or Prior Ihall be appointed by any Bifhop to colleft Difmes or Subfidies out of the

County where he dwelled).

JSXP. ft 0 3.TTEM pur taunt qe les Abbees & Priours dEngleterre ont eu & fuftenu graundez damages perdes co-X flages et difaifes avaunt ces heurs parmy ceo qils ount eftee par Lerchevefqes et Evefqes de mefme le 'Roialme affignes de coiller les difmes grauntcz as Roys dEngleterre par les Clergies trop longement de lour maifons & auxi en diverfes aiocefes & countes come ils ont monftrez au Roy par lour petition baillez en ceft parlement le Roi eiarrt a ceo confideration ad ordeine &. eftable qe null Abbe ne Priour dedeinz le dit Roialme foit par afcun Ercevefqe ou Evefqe defore enavant ordeine deftre coillour dafcuns difmes ou fubfides hors de cell countee ou il eft demurrant ou converfant. Et eftoife ceft ordinance en fa force tanqe a parlement qi ferra primerement tenuz apres la revenue de noftre foveraign Seignur en Engleterre de pardela.

CAP. X,

Keels that carry Sea-Coals to Newcajlle fhall be meafured and marked.

Explained by 30 Car.2. ftat.i. < c. 8. and farther < provided for by t 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 4 10. and 11 Gev.

&. c. 15.	£

ITEM, Whereas of every Chaldron of Sea-Coals, !

which be or fhall be fold to People not franchifed in the Port of the Town of Newcajile upon Tyne, 1 Two Pence be due to the King of Cuftom, (2) and ■in the fame Port be certain Veflels called Keels, by which fuch Coals be carried from the Land to the Ships in the faid Port; and every of the faid Keels ought to be of the Portage of Twenty Chaldrons, and according to the fame Portage, the Cuftom is thereof taken to the King’s Ufe; (3) there be now certain People, that of late have made fuch Keels of the Portage of twenty two or twenty three Chaldrons, whereof the Cuftom hath been taken according to the Portage of twenty Chaldrons only, in Deceit of our Lord the King, as he hath perceived by Complaint in this Parliament1 (4) it is therefore ordained and ftablifhed againft. fuch Deceits, that all the Keels which now be, and hereafter fhall be in the faid Port, fhall be meafured by certain Commif-fioners thereto afligned by the King,, and marked of what Portage they be, before that any Carriage be made by the fame, upon Pain of Forfeiture to the King all the Veflels called Keels, by which any fuch Coals fhall be carried, before that they be marked in the Manner aforefaid.’

ITEM par la ou de chefcun chaldre de char-bons maritifmes qe font & ferront vendus as gents nient y franchifes en le port del ville del Novell Chaftell fur Tyne font dues au Roy deux deniers de cuftume & en mefme le porte font cer-teinz veflelx appellez Keles par les queux tielx charbons font caries de la terre jefaes a les naefs en le dit port & doit chefcun des dftz keles eftre del portage de vint chaldres & folonc mefme le portage la dite cuftume ent eft pris al oeps du Roy font ore ce'rteinz gentz qont fait jatard tieles keles del portage de xxij. ou xxiij. chaldres dont la cuftume ad eftee pris folonc le portage de xx. chaldrez tantfoulement en deceite du Roy ficome le Roy lad entendu par compleint en ceft parlement Si ad il ordeine & eftabliz encountre tiele deceite qe toutz les keles qore font & ferront en temps avenir en le dit port foient mefures par certeinz commiffioners a ceo aflignerz par le Roy & merches de quell portage y foient devaunt ceo qe afcun cariage foit fait par icelles fur peine de forfaire au Roy toutz les veflelx appellez Keles par les queux afeuns tieux charbons ferront caries devaunt ceo qe ils foient merchez en le ma-nere avauntdit.

CAP. XI.

No Engtijh Gold fhall be received in Payment but by the.King’s. Weight.

ITEM, to avoid the Deceits and Perils which long have continued within the Realm by Wafh-ers. Clippers, and Counterfeiters of the Money of the Realm of England, to the great Lofs and Damage of all the People of the fame'Realm;” ‘ (2) the King, by the Advice and AfTent of all the Lords and Commons aflembled in this Parliament, hath ordained and ftabliihed, That from Chrijlmas Even next coming, none of the King’s liege People fhall receive any Money of EngUJh Gold in Payment, but by the King’s Weight thereupon ordained.’ “• (3) And bees nfe a great Part of the Gold now current in Pay-

IT E M pur oufter periles & deceites queux longement ont contenus dedeinz le Roialme parmy les lavours tonfours & ccintrofaitours de la moneie dEngleterre a trefgraundes mefehiefs & damages a toutz gents de mefme le Roialme le Roy par advis & ailent de toutz les Seignurs & communes aflembles en ceft parlement ad ordeinez Sc eftables qe de la veille del fefte de Novel pro-chein avenir enavaunt null liege du Roy receivera afeune moneie dor Engleis en paiment finon par le pois du Roy fur ceo ordeines. Et pur tant 'qe graunde partie del or de prefent currant en

paiement,

Stat. 1.	5	j	7

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. paiment neft mye de droiturell pois ne de bone allai y faute ceo remettre a le ,cune au fyne <]il poet eftre novelment cunez de joufb pois hz bone alleie & ceo ferra eftre a graunde' pcrd'e' & coftages des fubditz du Roy fil ne fuy pleft.eux relever en ceo cas ft ad Ie Roy de fa grace ef-peciale rerais & pardonee a toutz fez liges qi pa-rentre cy ft le dit feft de Novell ferront cuner de novel a le cunage du Roy dedeinz le Tdure de Loundres lour monoie dor qe ne foit de jouft pois ne de bone allaie ceftaflavoir tout ceo qi a luy appertient pur cell novcll cunage de tie] ore-come defuis Salvez'a le raeftre del mynte & as autres officers dicelle ceo qi a eux app2r-tient refonablement.

ment is not of rightful Weight nor of good Allay” the fame fhall be fent to the Coine, to the Iptcnt that it fhall be' newly coined 6!' juft Weight and of good Allay;’ “ and becaufe that J,hall be to the great Thtfe Lines in Lofs and Cojls of the King's Subjects., unlefs itthe /«/•»* l etter 1 pleafe him to relieve them in this Cafe-” ‘ (4) oura,le Sovereign Lord the King, of_his fpecia! Grace, haths«-remiied and pardoned to all his liege People, which tut« pubhflira betwixt this and the faid Feaft of Chrt/hnas fhall cauCe by Pulton, Kcbh, to he coined of n’ew at the King’s Coinage within the£fc- bjt arc 1,1 'Tower of London, their Money of Gold that is not of juft Weight nor of good Allay, that is to fay, all that to him pertaineth for this new Coinage of fuch Gold as afore; (5) faving always to the Mafter of the Mint, and to other Officers of the fame, that which to them reafonably pertaineth.’

c a p.. xn;

Writs purchafed by the Wardens of Rcchefter Bridge, or againft them, fhall be good, though > •"	“	’	!	fome	of	them	die or be removed.	'	"

ITEM ordeinez eft & eftabliz qe toutz les briefs par les gardeins de le novell pont de Roucheftre & lours fucceflburs apurchacerz ou par autres encountrc eux apurchacers foient maintenus & fuftenuz par la ley et combien qe les ditz' gar-, deins ou afeun de eux foit ou foient amo.vez ou expulfez de lour dit office ou devie ou deviont peri-dantz les ditz briefs nientroains mefmes les briefs eftoient & foient bons & efiectuelx en ley'pur toutz jours.

■J TEM it is ordained, That all the Writs to be f purchafed by the Wardens of the new Bridge of Rochefler, and their Succeflors, or by other againft them to be purchafed, fhall be maintained and continued by the Law of England-, (2) and although that the faid Wardens, or any of them, be removed or expulfed from their faid Office, or do die, hanging the faid Writs, neverthelefs the fame Writs fhall ftand to be good and eifedtualin the c „

Law for ever.’	S*rtU.c.xj

27 c. 25.

*”• 'l'•l ' ' ‘‘ -	avbkh are alteredly I Am.flat. I. c. i%.

Other Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 9 Hen. V. Stat. 2. and

Anno Dom. 1421.	•	r

A	,	.	,

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. m. i.	•

AParlement tenuz a Weftm’ le primer jour de Decembr’ lan du regne del Roi Henry quint puis le conquefte noevifme mefme noftre Seignur le Roi del affent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la requefte des Communes dEngleterre affemblez en ,ceo mefme parkment ad fait certeins ordinances pur le commune bien & profit du Roialme en fourme qenfuitp

C A P. I.

A Confirmation of all Statutes made. touchingMoney.

PRimerement qe toutz les eftatuts & ordenances qont eftee faitz en temps des nobles progenitours du Roi ESP.

touchantz le bone & loial governance de fes moneies dor & dargent nient repellez foient bisn.A rirmc-ment gardez & tenuz en toutz pointz..-	,

CAP. II.

All Men may refort to the King’s Exchanges, or to the Tower, to have Money new coined.

ITEM le Roi ferra ordeiner en quantqe kn poet bonement fes efehanges de moneie dor & dargentEXP.

en la Citee de -Loundres & aillours deinz ie Roialme pur laife de fon poeple qi ferront tenuz en heux overtes en hautes rues. Et qe toutz ceux qi vorront venir a le Tour de Loundres pur y avoir moneie de novel cunee ils y averont moneie cunee & ent ferront deliverez dedeinz oept jours folonc la verraie value de ceo qils apporteront illoeqes paintz pur les feignurage & cunage dor lafferant de v. s. pur la livre de Tour ct pur les feignurage & cunage dargent xv. d. a la livre de Tour fanz pluis et qe ceux qi ne vorront ap-prochera le Tour a ceo faire mes vorront ent eftre deliverez a les efehanges paient pur lefehange de lafferant dun noble un denier & pur le dimy noble ob’ et pur la quarte pariie ftrling ovefqe les feignurage & cunage come devaunt eft dit.	C	A	P.

Stat, 2

Anno nono Henrici V,

A. D, i42r.

C A P. Hi. •	•

At the King’s Exchanges good Money fhall be delivered to the Parties, or elfe he that doth

receive it may refufe it.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM qe les meiftres & overours de la moneie_& auxi lcs efchangeours en toutz lieux on moneie ferra faite ou changee foient tenuz de deliverer & pair a le poeple cco qe a eux doit appertenir pur tiele ef-change de bone & loial moneie dEngleterre par & de jouft pois ou par nombre al eledlion de cely qi le refceivera fanz delaie ou difficulte qeconqe. Et fi par cas il aveigne qe afcun notable defaute en pois ou en allaie foit trovee qe Dieux defende fur la deliverance ou paiement affaire a la Tour fuildite ou a lefchanges fuifdites qe bien lirra a chefcuny qi trovera tiel defaute devant qil paffe la place ou il le refceivra de refufer ceo qe foit defedtif et qe le meiffre ou efchangeour foit tenuz de luy deliverer fufficeant moneie pur ycell fanz delaie & de faire refounder ceo qi ferra enfy troves defectif.

C A P. IV.

The Officers of the Exchanges fhall bring to the 'Tower all the Gold or Silver which they buy

or exchange.

i	,	’	.	'	.	-

ITEM qe ceux qi ferront gardeins & governours & miniftres de les efchanges hors del Tour foient tenuz & obligez dapporter ou faire apporter tout lor & argent qils refceiveront par voie defchange ou achateront par colour de lour office a la Tour de Loundrez pur y eftre founduz & fait en moneie en augmentation & encres de la moneie pur profit du Roialme & aifc du poeple fanz eltre venduz alienez ou mys a null autre oeps.	..

• •	v	C	A P. V.	•	•	,

The Mint fhall be at Calais.

I X P.	T	TEM qe la mynte du Roi foit cunez & fait a Caleis en manere come ad cftee fait & cunez en temps de

CtnfrmdiyiH. X fcs nobles progenitours en aife du le poeple Auxi qil foit del pois & allaie folonc la fourme & manere come il eft fait & governe a la Tour de Loundres.

- ---------C“A~P.—VI; -----------

The Allay and Weight of Money.

k x p.

3 lhft. 92*

IT EM qe tout la moneie dor & dargent qe ferra fait a la Tour de Loundres & a Caleis ou aillours deinz le Roialme dEngleterre par au&orite roial foit fait de auxi bone allaie & de jouft pois come il eft a la Tour au prefent fait.	...	•	.	—	• ,

CAP. VII. <•	>	*-

The Weight of Gold fhall be fen: to every City.

IL E M qe le Roi ferra ordener bones & jouftz pois del noble demy noble & ferling dor Ovefqe les rates a ceo neceffaries pur chefcun citee burgh £c ville merchee du Roialme adeliverez par le Treforer dEngleterre a ceux qi les vorront avoir a fyn qils ne foient deceux par fauxes cofitrovours & ceux qi ufemfauxes pois en deceit de le poeple.

CAP. VIII.

Inquiry and Punifhment of Falfities of Weights.

EXP.

34 E'3- c-s-

IT E M qe les juftices du pees les vifeounts efehetours ^ autres fufliceantz perfones a affignerz par le Roi aient poair par colnmiffion denquerrer de tieux fauxeburs & controVours de fauxe pois & de les prendre & emprifoner & en prifon detenir fanz mainprife tanqe ils foient ent atteintz Ou acquitez et fi!s foient atteintz demurgent lour corps en prifon tanqe ils eient faitz fynes & ranceon foloric la diferetion des ditz juftices et qe rneimes les juftices aient poair dent enquerer oier & determiner a tant de foitz come lour femblera pluis bofoignable.

CAP.

A. D. 14.21

Anno nono Henrici V.

Stat. 2.

5i9

CAP. IX.

The Law of Exchange between the Merchants of Rome and thofe of England.

■ » ;

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come en un eftatut fait Ian du regne del Roi Richard fcconde quatorzifme ordeignee foit qe pur ^ X P.

chefcun efchange qe ferra fait par merchants a la courte de Rome ou aillours qe les ditz merchants foient.11	4-	c-	*•

fermement & feurement liez en la Chancellerie dachater deinz trois mois apres le dit efchange fait merchan- 14 ’ z‘ c' 2* difes de leftaple come lains quirs peaux lanutz & plumbe ou eftein bure furmage draps ou autres commodites de la terre a la value de la fomme iflint cfchangee fur forfaiture dicell et difoient en ceft prefent parlemcnt tieux merchants qils noifent foi obliger pur obferver leffedt du dit eftatut a caufe qe dedeinz trois mois . apres tiele efchange fait ils ne purroient achatier & faire efkipper put paffer as parties pardela tielx merchan-difes come defuis a la value de la fomme enfy changee St enfy pur defaute des tielx changeours y duift avoir faille tiele efchange St. par diverfes colours & fubtilitees la moneie du Roi ferroit veraifeinblablement cn pri-vite apportez as parties pardela St tielx merchandifes come defuis ne ferroient achatiez par tielx merchants changeours a graunde damage du Roi & de fon Roialme ft en ceft prefent parlement ne fuiffe purveu de re-medie Sy eft il pur tant ordeigne en ceft prefent parlement pur profit du Roi & du Roialme qe toutz merchants qi ferront autieux efchanges a la courte fuifdite ou aillours qils & chefcun de eux foient & foit obligez perfonelement en la chancellerie fuifdite par reconilance dachater deinz noef mois apres mefmes les efchanges faitz femblables merchandifes & commodites come defuis eft dit a la value de les fommes iflint efchangez fur peine de forfaiture dicelles le dit eftatut fait le dit an quatorzifme non obftant. Et que toutz les ordinances fuifdites dureront tanqe au parlement profcheinement a tenir.

. C A P. X.

Collectors of Difmes,. tsV, which be charged in Account for their Companions, (hall have an

Action of Debt againff them.

ITEM par la ou diverfes colledtours des difmes & quinfzimesgrantez au Roi des biens temporelx onteftezE x p;.

aflignez en chefcun countee.du Roialme'afcuns de eux ont purpofez a rendre loialment louraccompte St afcuns nemy pariflint qe qant brieves du Roi ont iffuez as vifcounts pur faire venir les ditz colleftours en lefcheqer pur accompter ill'oeqes les loialx de eux ont venuz St portez le rate de lour collect Sc les autres par brogage St fubtilite foi ont abfentez & ne voidrent venir ne paier lour, rate illoeqes Sc enfy les loialx ne purroient eftre defchargez me; entierment chargez des fommes qe lour compaignons abfentz duiffent avoir paiez Sc auxi mys en orifon lbvent foitz & lour terres Sc. tenementz feifez es mains du Roi tanqe ils uffent paiez au Roi la rate de la collect dc lour ditz compaignons a trefgraunde mefchief & deftrubtion des plulours loialx lieges du Roi come ad eftee entendue a la grevoufe comp'eint fait par la Communalte dEngleterre cy en ceft prefent parlement ft eft pur mettre remedie en le cas ordeinez en ceo mefme parlement de laffent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx efieantz en ycell & a la requefte de la dite Communalte qe les collebtours des tieux difmes Sc quinfziimes aient recoverer par abtion de dette envers lour compaignons de les fommes queux ils ont enfy paiez Sc paicront pur eux enfemblement ovefqe lour doubles damages. Et durera ceft darrein crdcnance tanqe au parlement qi ferra primerement tenuz apres la revenue du Roi en Engleterre..

CAP. XT.

Certain Roads and Bridges about Abingdon (hall' be repaired.

ITEM come monftre fuift en ceft parlement par la dite Communalte par lour commune petition coment P R..

le chemyn qi foi cxtende de la ville de Abendon vers Dorcheftre en le countee dOxenford outre leaue de S«8 H. 6.c.iS. Thamyfe par les lieux de Burford & Culhamford parentre les dites villes de. Abendon ct Dorcheftre parm les foil Sc franchifes & deinz les boundes & franchifes del Abbe de Abendon de fon manoir de Culham en droit jyatfr de fa efglife de noftre Dame de Abendon par quell les lieges du Roi & de fes progenitours iiloeqs pafiantz ont ford, eux lour cariage & franc paflage ftbien ove charcttes come ove lour, chivalx biens chatieux St merchandifes du temps dont memorie ne court fuit jatard par cretein de eaue a tant furunduz qe nuil purroit iiloeqs paffer ne tieux cariage fanz peril de perdre lour vies biens chatieux & merchandifes iiloeqs faire tanqe certeins gentz du dite ville de Abendon de lour propre biens & dalmoigne des gentz la entour enhabitantz ont faitz un pont outre le dite lieu appelleBurford & un autre pont outre le dit lieu appelle Culhamford & eient auxi del aflent de dit Abbe & fon covent enlargez enhancez faitz & reparailez le dit chemyn parentre les lieux & pontes fuifditz en laeure ove les fofles de mefme le chemyn de ambedeux parties quatre perches St oept pees entout & eient auxi plantes & fifehez fur les ripes des ditz fofles pluis profehein a chemyn certeins arbres appellez poplers & wyllughes ore crefceantz pur amendement & reparation du dit chemyn as heurs & temps bofoig-nables en temps av.enir Sur qoi confiderez les grandes aife & profit qe aviendront a.les lieges du Roy parmy ceux ponts &: chemyn ft que ils purront continuer del aflent des ditz Seignurs & a la requefte de la dite Communalte ordeignez eft & eftabliz en ceo mefme parlement qe les ditz ponts St paflages outre ycelles & auxis le dit chemyn parentre mefmes les ponts de la laeure come defluis eft dit foient & remaignent a toutz jours, communes ponts paflages St chemyn as qucconqes iiloeqs paffantz ou paffer voillantz fibien a chival come a

pec;

520

Stat.'2.i	A	Anno nono Henrici V. A. D. 1421.,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

pee Sc en autre manere & ove toutz maners des cariages et qe life a toutz lieges du Roi les ditz ponts paf-i'ages chemyn & folTes en la laeure & forme fuifditz faire reparailler enhancer de novell edificr & efcurer & autres tieux arbres fur les ditz ripes de novell planter Sc ficher St en les ditz -foffes argill marie graved & terre fower & prendre & de autieux arbres les branches & germmes fibien de ceux queux font ore illoeqes plantez come de ceux qilloeqcs ferront plantez as temps bcloignables & fefonables couper & prendre pur la reparation des ponts chemyn St paffage avantditz fi fovent come lour plerra pur toutz jours fanz impediment ou cmpefchement de nully afcun title ou intereffe qiqe foit des ditz Abbe & covent en le foil de les eaue paffages chemyn Sc foffes avantditz ou en le foil ou leaue en quell les ditz ponts font ou ferront edifiez en les ditz lieux ou en afcun parcell dicell nient obftantz. Salve toutfoitz. le droit du Roi & falvez auxi as ditz Abbe & covent & a lour fucceffours lour libertees Sc franchifes dedeinz Sc en les ponts chemyn paffes eaues & fofles avantditz ficome ils avoient adcvant en les ditz chemyn foil Si eaue be auxi toute la pefcherie en leaue defcutz les ditz ponts & en les foffes fuifditz perpetuclment.	-

Thus end the Statutes of King HENRT the Fifth.

Anno primo HENRICI VI.



Statutes made at Weftminfter in the Firf Year of the Reign of King Henry VI. and in the Year of our Lord 1422.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 12.

AU parlement tenuz a Weilm’ le Lundy profchcyn devant le fellde Seint Martyn lan de regne du Roy Henry fifme puis le conqueft primer mcfme le Roy de ladvis & affent des Seignurs cfpiritue’x Sc temporelx & a les efpecialx inftance Sc requeft des Communes dEngleterre efteantz en mefme le parlement fill faire ordiner Si eftablire diverfcs ordinances & cftatutz en la fourme qenfuit.

AT the Parliament holden at JVeJiminJier the Monday next before the Fealt of St. Martin, the Firft'Year of the Reign'of our Sovereign Lord King Henry the Sixth ; the fame King, by the Advice and Affent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Commons of the Realm of England, being affembled in this prefent Parliament, hath caufed to be ordained and eftablilhed_ divers Ordinances and Statutes in the Form following.”

CAP. I. .

The King’s Council may afiign Mciney'to be coined in as many Places as they will.

EN primes ordeines eft pur le profit du Roy & laife de fon poeple qe les Seignurs de le coun-fell du Roy pur le temps efteantz purront afligner par auctorite du dit parlement meftres & operers a faire monoie dor & dargent & a tenir les ef-chaunges de moneie fibien en la citee dEverwilc come en la ville de Briftuit & auxi es tants des lieux come femblera as ditz Seignurs bone Sc ne-ceffarie folonc lour bons advis & difcretions afcun ellatute ou ordinance fait au contrarie non ob-ftant.

“ TPIRST, It is ordained and eftablilhed, for the “ R? Profit of the King, and the Eafe of his People, “ ff’hat the Lords of the King’s Council for the time “ being mayaflign, by Authority of the faid Parliament, “ Mailers and Workmen to make Money of Gold and “ Silver, to hold the Exchanges of Money as well “ in the City of York as in the Town of Brijlol, and “ alfo in as many Places as to the faid Lords Ihall “ feem nec'effary, according to their good Advice and “ Difcretion,' any Statute or Ordinance made to the “ contrary notwithftanding.”

CAP. II.

All the Statutes of Purveyors fhall be proclaimed in every County four Times in the Year.

TTEM qe toutz les eftat iits & ordinances faitz des purveours Sc achatours & nient repelles foient gardez J. & executz tn toutz pointz & auxi proclamez cn toutz countes parmy le Roialme par mandementz du P.oy. Et qe ch< fctin vifcont dEngleterre apres ceo qil eit refeieu les ditz eftatutz pur ent faire proclamation I ai ti?l mandenu lit les face proclaimer chefcun an' quatre foitz parmy fa baillie fur peine de paier au Roy a cutfcune foitz qil ent faille cent fouldz et qe fur melme le peine chefcun des ditz vifeounts face deliverance

A. D. 1422. Anno primo Henrici VI.

C. 3—S- 5?1

Ex Rot, in <Turr. Lond. .	_

du 'dit mandement a fon fucceflour entnediate par endenturs entre eux affairs paront M poet faire femblable proclamation pur le temps qil eftois en fon office pur le aife Sc feurte de le poeple. Et qe chcfcun tiel fuc-celTaur apres cell maundement par luy refceu face autiels proclamations quatre foitz par an & autiel deliverance du dit mandement ferra a fon fucceffour come deffuis fur le peine avauntdite.

CAP. Ill,

What Sort of Irijhmett only may come to dwell In England.

ITEM pur tant qe diverfes homicides murdres rapes roberies & autres felonies riotes conventicles & male-' faitz jatarde ount eftez faitz en diverfes countees dEngleterre par gentz neez en Irlande reparantz a la vilie deUxenford & illoeqes demurrantz defoutz la jurifdidbion del univerfite dOxenford a grande peure de tout manere poeple demurrant la environ come par toute la Communalte du Roialme aflemblez en cell parle-ment fuift grevoufment dc ceo compleint en le mefme le Roy del aflent avaundit & a la requcfte de mefme la Communalte ad ordeinez qe toutz gentz neez en Irland foient voidcz hors de Roialme dedeins le mois prochein apres le proclamation faite de cefte ordinance fur peine de perdre lour biens &deftre .emprifonez a la voluntee du Roy forprifez graduates en les efcoles & hommes aiantz benefices de Seinte efglife en Engleterre & hommes de leye en Engleterre Sc ceux qi font enherites en Engleterre Sc ceux qont piere Sc miere Englois religioufcs profeffez merchantz burgeois Sc autres enhabitants deins citees Sc burghes debone fame queux purront trover feurte de lour bon port Sc femmes maries as Engloys qi font de bone fame Sc qe toutz ceux Irrois qont benefices ou office cn la terre dlrland demurgent fur lour benefices & offices illoe.qs fur peine de perdre Sc forfaire les profites delour benefices Sc office pur le defens de la terre dlrland avaunt-dit accordant al ordinance fait en temps du Roy Henry quint lan de fon regne primer et qe les .graduates Sc hommes benefices trovent feurtee de lour bone port Sc qils ne preignent fur eux la principaltee dafcune fale ou hoftcll mes demurgent ils entre autres efcolers Englois defoutz la principaltee dautres. Et outre ceo qe ceux Efcolers dlrland qi ne font my graduates .Sc font del obeifance de Roy trovent feurte de lour bone porte en manere come les ditz graduates ferront en la fourme avauntdite. Et qe toutz efcolers dlrland elleantz en Engleterre a prefent qi vorront demurrer icy facent aportere chcfcun aparluy au Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant devaunt le fell de Seint Johan le Baptiftre profehein avenir lettres deiToutz le leal de le lieutenant ou Juftice dlrland tefmoignantz qils font del obeifance du Roy ct qe de ceux qi nap-portent mie tieux lettres parentre cyet le dit felt de Seint Johan foit fait come des rebelles au Roy. Et de celle felt dc Seint Johan enavaunt nule perfone neez cn Irland entre le Roialme dEngleterre a demurrer .en la dite univerfitee dOxenford ou de Cantebrigg ou aillours dedeins le Roialme dEngleterre fil ne porte au dit Chaunceller autieux lettres tefmonialx fur peine deltrc puniz come rebell au Roy.

obliging Irishmen to give Security for their good,

so H. 6. c. 8>

OB.

All Perfons bom in Ireland lb all depart out of the Realm,

Irijh Perfons excepted wbick remain in England,

r H. 5. c. t.

Irijlmen /hall not be Principals of an v Hall,

An Irijhivan ft a 11 bring a Tefti-monial that Ire is of the King’s Obeifance.

See 2 H. 15, c. 2-Abearir.g,

C A P. IV.

The Matter of the Mint fhall fend to the Mint to be coined all the Gold and Silver that fhall

come to his Hands by Exchange.

I

TEM combien qe y ad efte ordeinez ce enarere qe celny qi foit meftre del minte ne tiendra my lefehaunge F. X P. du Roy Nientlemayns le Roy del affentdes Seignurs & Communes avauntditzvoet&graunte qele meftre 9 H. 5. c. 4.

2 H. 6.<. is.

del minte a la Toure de Loundres qore eft Sc qi pur le temps ferra puifle avoir Sc tenir lefehaunge du Roy e; la Citee de Loundres tanqe a le parlement profeheinement a tenir parenfi qe mefme le meftre tout ceo qe viendra a lefchange.en plate ou en male ferra envoicra la mynt pur y eftre cuniez de.temps en temps tanqe a la fuifdit parlement preignant,pur lefehaunge de le noble cn le • dit efehange up. denier & male tantfoule-ment.

CAP. V.

A certain Allowance made to thofe which were retained to ferve King H e n. 5. in his Wars. Provitton for the Redemption of the Jewels mortgaged by King Hen. 5.

rTM a la fuppjication de les Seignurs & capitains qi font en vie -qont endentez ovefqe le trefgracious g x P.

Roy Henry piere au Roy qoreft en toutz fes guerres & les executours auxi de ceux qi font a DIeu co-mandez qi avoient endentes ovefqele dit Roy le piere fait par lour petition baillez en cell parlement le Roy del aftent de toutz les Seignours eYpirituelx Sc temporelx Sc auxi de'toutz les communes efteantz.cn ceo mefme parlement voet Sc grnnte qe les tierces Sc tierce del tierce de toute manere dez gaignes gaignez par voie de guerre au dit .Roy le piere.appurtenauntz jourde fon moriantfibien des priloners prifes come dautres gaignes de guerre purront eftre deduetz Sc rebatuz parloiale accompte'en lefeheker du Roy fur les. fommes des gages a eux duez .par le .dit .Roy le piere folonc leffedt de les endentures ent faitz. .Purvieu toutz foitz qe dc ceo qe fur.le dit aocompt foit trovez dues par les ditz accomptantz outre les.gages fuifditz foit par eux pai-rr.ent fait et adonqes foient les ditz accomptantz lour heirs executours Sc terretenantz apres celles accomptez Sc gree faites qnites Sc defchar.gez pur toutz jours. Et outre,ceo le Roy voet Sc ,ad ordeine del aflent des Seignours Sc Comminalte avaunditz qe toutz ceux as queux le dit Roy lc piere avoit gag«z •Vox.. I.‘	Xxx	ioialx

522

C. 6.	Anno	primo	Henrici	VI.	A.	D.	14.22.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

joialx ou aatres chofes foient devaunt le confell du Roy devaunt le feft de Seint Johan le Baptiftre profchein avenir ovefqe mefmes les chofes & joialx Sc en cas qils ne foient fatisfiez alors de lour duitez celles parties ou dcdeins un dimy an apres mefnie lc feft qadonqs paiez au Roy par eux tout ceo qe mefmes les chofes Sc joialx foient trovez de greindre value qils ne furent my mifes en gage aient ils en pees Sc fanz empechement du Roy apres le fufdit dimy an toutz icelles joialx Sc cnofes fils ne foient aunciens joialx de la corone & qils Sc lour heirs terrctenauntz Sc executours & chefcun de eux foient Sc foit de mefmes les joialx Sc chofes qi ne font aunciens joialx de la corone quitez & defchargez envcrs le Roy apres le dit dimy an toutoutre-ment.	<	•

CAP. VI.

The Stat. of 9 Hen. 5. c. 9. touching Security for Exchanges to be made by Merchants of the Court of Rome, revived, and continued till the next Parliament.

EXP. TTEM come bien qe en leftatuit fait lan du regne del Roy Richard feconde quatorfzifme ordeinez fuit X qe pur chefcun elchange qe ferroit par merchants a la courte de Rome ou aillours les ditz merchantz ferroicnt fermement Sc feurement liez en la Chauncellerie dachater deinz trois mois apres la dit efcbaunge fait merchandifes de leftaple come lains quirs peaux lanuz Si plumbe ou eftein bure furmage draps ou autre comoditees de la terre de la value de la lomme iflint efchangee fur forfaiture dicell Nientlemains en le par-lement tenuz le primer jour de Decembr’ lan du regne del Roy Henry quint noevifme pur certeins caufes dcclarez en icell ordeinez fuit en le mefme pur profit du Roy Si du Roialme qe toutz merchantz qi delors ferroient autiels efchanges a la courte fuifdite ou aillours qils Sc chefcun de eux ferroit Sc ferroient obligez perfonelment en la Chauncellarie fuifdite par reconifance dachater deinz noef mois apres mefmes les efchanges faitz femblables merchandifes & commoditees come defluis eft dit a la value de les fommes iflint efchanges fur peine de forfaiture dicellcs le dit eftatuit fait le dit an quatorfzime non obftant et qe celle darrein ordinance dureroit tank au parlement delors profcheinement a tenir le Roy pur taut qe fentuz furent les ditz caufes iflint dcclarez en le dit parlement tenuz le dit an noevifme refonables Sc auxi qe mefme lordinance fuit terminez & expirez par le commenc.ment de ceft darrain parlement ad ordeinez en ceft darrein parlement qe toutz les merchantz qi ferroient autielx efchanges a la dite courte de Rome ou aillours qils & chefcun de eux foient Si foit obligez perfonelment en b Chauncellarie du Roy par reconifance dachater dedeinz noef mois apres tielx efchanges faitz femblables merchandifes & commoditees come avaunt eft dit a la value de les fommes iflint -efehaunges fur peine de forfaiture dicelles non obftant le dit eftatuit fait le dit an quatorfzime et qe ceft prefent ordinance durcra tanqe au parlement profeheinment a tenir.

Statutes made at Weftminfler, Anno 2 Hen. VI. a?id Anno Dom. 1423.

Ex Rot. inTurr. Lond. m. 12.

HENRICUS Dei gratia Rex Anglie & Francie & Dominus Hibernie vicecomiti Middlefexie falutem.

Quedam ftatua Si ordinationes in ultimo parliatnento noftro edita tibi mitti uus in.forma patenti man-dantes quod ftatuta Si ordinationes ilia in locis infra ballivam tuam ubi magis expediens fuerit publice ex parte noftra proclamari Si ca quantum in te eft firmiter obfervari facias juxta tenorem eorundem.

T. meipfo apud Weftm’ primo die Julij anno regni noftri fecundo.

U parlement tenuz a Weftm’

<c

AT the Parliament holden at IVcJlminJler the Twentieth Day of October, in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth “ after the Conqueft, by the Advice and Afl'ent of the “ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial “ Inftance and Requeft of the Commons of England be-,£ ing in the fame Parliament, certain Ordinances, De-‘ clarations, and Statutes were made and ftablithed to f‘ the Honour of God, and for the Wealth of the “ King and of his Realm, in the Form following.”

parlement tenuz a Weltm' le xx' jour dOftobr’ lan du regne del Roy Henry le fifme puis le conqueft fecond par avys Sc aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx Si tempo-relx Si a les efpeciales inftances Sc requeft des communes dEngleterre en mefme le parlement efteantz certeinz ordinances declarations & efta-tutz furent faitz & eftabliez al honour de Dieu Sc pur le bien du Roy Sc de fon dit Roialme enla forme enfuant.

C A P. I.

A Confirmation of the Liberties of the Church, and of all Perfons, Cities, &c.

FIRST, That holy Church, and all the Lords Spiritual and Tejnporal, and all other the King’s ‘ People, having Liberties and Franchifes, and alfo * all the Cities and Boroughs, fhall have and enjoy 1 all their Liberties and Franchifes well ufed, and * not repealed, nor by the Common Law repeal-‘ able.’

ET primes qe feinte efglife Sc toutz les Seignurs fpirituelx Si temporelx & toutz les autres lieges du Roy aiantz libertees & fraunchifes Sc auxi toutz les citees Sc burghs aient Sc enjoient toutz lour libertees Si fraunchifes bien ufez & nient repellez ne par la commune ley repella-blez.

CAP.

5

A. D. 1423.

C. 2, 3.	523

Anno fecundo Henrici VI.

CAP. II.

A Remedy for the Matter, C?r. of the Hofpical of St. Leonard in York, to recover a Thrave

of Corn clue to them, h.fc.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come lofpitall de feint Leonard dEverwyk qi eft de la fundation de les nobles pro-genitours noftre dit Seignur )e Roy jadis Roys dEngleterre 2c de fon patronage en la primere fundation dicell eftoit endowe par les ditz pro-genito.irs du Roy dun thrave des blees a prendre anriuelment de chefcun charue arant deinz les countees dEverwyk Cumberland WeftmerF 2c Lancaftre deinz la province dEverwyk des quels thraves les maiftre 2c frers du dit hofpitall 2c lour predeceiTours ount efte feifez du temps dount me-morie ne court come parcell de la primer fundation du dit hofpitall 2c icelles ount pris levez 2c coillez al fell de feint Martyn en yver chefcun an tanqe ore tarde que diverfes gentz dez ditz countees deinz la province fuifdite mefmes les thraves ount detenuz dount les ditz maiftre 2c frers nount reme-die fufficcant ne covenable a la commune ley a graunt anientefl'ement du dit hofpitall 2c overt fubtraftion del fuftenaunce des ditz maiftre 2c frers ft lour ne foit purveu de remedie come de cco fuit compleint en le dit parlement le Roy con-fidere les premilfes del aflent 2c requeft avauntdirz ad ordeinez 2c eftabliez qe les ditz maiftre 2c frers 2c lour fucceflours pur le temps efteantz puiflent lever coiller 2c prendre les ditz thraves deinz le province fuifdite en les lieux ou il devent de droit 2c foloient folonc la cuftume 2c ufage en mefmes les lieux euz pardevant. Etauxiqe mefme le meif-ftre 2c fes fucceflours pur le temps efteantz aient de temps en temps adfion par briefs ou pleintz de dette ou de detenu a lour plefir envers toutz ceux 2c chefcun de eux qi mefmes les thraves enfi de droit au dit hofpitall duez detiegnent ou afcun partie dicell pur recoverer devers eux 2c chefcun deux les ditz thraves ovec lour damages enz cell partie.

Purveu toutz foitz qe les parties ovec queux les ditz meiftre 2c frers ou lour predeceflours font ac-cordez pur tielx thraves par compofitions entre eux faitz 2c enfealez ne foient chargez de pluis qe neft compris en mefmes les compofitions pur les pofleftions qe les ditz parties avoient al temps del fefance des compofitions avauntditz.

44 TTEM, Whereas the Hofpital of St. Leonard of The Hofpital of 44 JL York, which is of the Foundation of the Proge- St‘ lM«atd\n 44 nitors of our faid Lord the King, late Kings of "'as„en-44 England, and of his Patronage, in the firft Foun- TlTrave of Corn 44 dation of the fame, was endowed, by the faid Proge--0f every Plough 44 nitors of the King, of a Thrave of Corn to be taken Earing within 44 yearly of every Plough Earing within the Counties Counties of 44 of York, Cumberland, ILeJlmerland, and Lancajler, Jdi’

“ within the County of York, of which Thraves the ™Zjhr"' and 44 Matter and Brethren of the faid Hofpital, and their 44 Predeceflors have been feifed, the Time whereof 44 runneth no Memory, as Parcel of the firft Foun-44 dation of the faid Hofpital, and the fame they have 44 levied and gathered at the Feaft of St. Martin in 44 Winter every Year, till now late that divers People “ of the faid Counties, within the Province aforefaid,

44 have withholden the fame Thraves, whereof the “ faid Mafter and Brethren have no fufficient nor co-44 venable Remedy at the Common Law, to the great 44 Damage of the faid Hofpital, and open Subtraction 44 of the Suftenance of the faid Mafter and Brethren,

44 if Remedy be not for them provided, as Complaint 44 was thereof made in the faid Parliament:” ‘ (2) The Remedy ‘ The King confidering the Premilfes, of the Afient which the 4 and Requeft aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablifhed, Matters of St.

4 That the faid Mafter and Brethren, and their Sue-	have

4 ceffors for the time being, may levy, gather, and f0 r(.ccver their 4 take the faid Thraves within the Province aforefaid. Duties.

4 in the Places where they ought of Right, and were 4 wont, after the Cuftom and Ufage had in the fame 4 Places heretofore. (3) And alfo that the fame Maf-4 ters and Succelfors tor the time being fhall from 4 time to time have Actions by Writs or Plaints of 4 Debt or Detinue at their Pleafure, againft all them 4 and every of them that detain the fame Thraves fo of 4 Right due to the faid Hofpital, or any Part of them,

4 to recover the faid Thraves againft them, and every of 4 them, with their Damages in this Behalf. .

4 II. Provided always. T hat the Parties with whom a Remedy for 4 the faid Mafter and Brethren, or their Predeceflors, the Proprietors 4 be accorded for fuch Thraves by Compofitions made have com-4 and fealed betwixt them, fhall of no more be charged ^e Mafterand 4 than is comprifed within the fame Compofitions, for Brethren.

4 the Pofleftions that the faid Parties had at the Time 4 of the making of the aforefaid Compofitions.’

CAP. III.

John Duke of Bedford, being in the King’s Service in France, fnali be received to defend his

Right by Attorney.

ITEM ordinez eft 2c aflentuz qe Johan Due de Bedford uncle a noftre Seignur le Roy oeft dela le meer es e X P.

parties de Fraunce en le fervice du Roy en toutz maners des plees moevez 2c amoevers envers afeune perfon ou perfones des terres 2c tenementz dount la reverfion ou la remeindre eft au dit Due joint ou feverall a fon propre oeps folt par fon attourne ou attourneez receu a defendre fon droit 2c en mefme la manere ait 2c enjoie toutz maners benefices 2c avantages ficome il fuift prefent en fa propre perfone. Et qe cefte ordinance fe extende fibien ac receites des reverfions 2c remeindres apurchacers 2c againers au dit Due jointment 2c feveralment a fon oeps demefne come a receites des reverfions 2c remaindres qil ad a prefent tance me il • ferra en le fervice du Roy depardcla.

Xxx 2

C A P,

524.	C. 4—6

Anno fecund o Henrici VI.

A. D. 1423

C A P. IV.

All Merchandifes of the Staple palling out of England, Wales, and Ireland, fhall be carried to

Calais, fo long as the Staple is at Calais.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ixp. TTEM coma le treihobie Roy Edward puis le conqueft ticrcc ordeina fon eftaple deftre a la villc dc Caleys & qe lender repaier des lams pealx lanus quirs plurr.be eflain bure formage & toutz mitres merchandifes exceptz drops lanuz & harank fore paflantz hors clu Roialme dEngleterre U fes terres de Gales. &. dlriand Sc fa ville de Berwyk fur Twcde ferroit a dite ville de Coleys et puis au parlement tenuz lan primer du Roy; Henry le quart fuift ordcine qe leftapie des leins quirs pealx lanuz plumbe & eftaine ferroit entierment at Caleys. Salve qe les merchauntz de Janue Venifc Cateloigne Aregoine & les autrez. Roialmes terres. oir pais vers le Wcfl efteantz del amiftee du Roy purront efkipper a Hampton en carrakes niefs galeys & autres velfealx lains quirs pealx lanuz plumbe eftaine &c autres merchaundifes de leftapie & les amefner au lour pais vers le Weft folonc la forme de leftatut ent fait lan feeonde du Roy Richard feconde puis le conqueft et auxi fauve a les burges & merchauntz de Berwyk fur Twede certein bienfice pur amefner les lains del cref-ceur parentre les ewes de Twede ct Coket au dit lieu de Berwyk & les efkipper vers queux parties qe lour plena dela le meer. Et combien qe les ditz eftatutz en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du Roy Henry le quint Pier a noftre dit Seignur le Roy qoreft feconde furent confermez & enoutre fuift ordeine en mefme le parlement qe nulies lains pealx lanuz q ,irs plumbe eftain entier ou founduz appcllez fhotentynne nau-tre merchandife de leftapie qeconqe delors enavaunt ferroient envoiez ou amefnez a nulies; partiez dela le meer fanz ceo qils foient primerement apportez a le dit eftaple folonc la forme du dite ordinaunce fait le dit an primer fur peine de forfaiture de toutz les merchaundifes par tiel maner envoiez ou amefnez hors du Roialme fil ne foit par licence du Roy & forfpris ceux perlons biens & chofes qi fount forfprifez en mefme lordinaunce fait le dit an primer iicome en les ditz eftatutz eft contenuz pluys au plein. Nientle-ineins les quirs & eftain founduz appcllez fhotentynne achatuz & purveux cy en Engleterre noun't ellee amefnez a le dit eftaple de Caleys folonc la forme dez ditz eftatutz mes paflent en Elaundres Holand Sc Seland a trefgraund damage & amenufement de les cultumcs Sc fubfidies duez a Roy fils furent amefnez a la ville de Caleys le Roy volant yceux damages & amenufement eviter de lavis Sc requeft fufditz ad ordinez & eftablez qe toutz les eftatutz ent faitz & nient repellez foient tenuz & gardez & mys en due execution et qe lentier repair des lains pealx lanuz quirs plumbe eftain entier ou founduz appellez fhotentynne. & de toutz autres merchandifes appurtenantz a leftapie paffantz hors de Roialme dEngleterre & des paiis de Gales Si Jrland foit au dit lieu de Caleys & a null lieu aiilours dela le mere tant come la dite eftaple ferra a mefme ’ la ville de Caleys fur peine de forfaiture del verraie value de les merchandifes qi paifent aillours forfpris a les. parties devers la Weft en les ditz eftatutz ent faitz nomez et qe null licence deforenavaunt foit grantez au con-traric except pur les lains pealx lanuz & quirs de Northumbr’ Weftmerl’ Cumber’ & Ievefciiee de Durefme falvc la- prerogative du Roy. Purveux toutz foitz qe ft afeuns merchantz foubz colour dafeune licence efkippent afeuns lains del crefceurc dafeune partie del countee dEverwyk ou dautre paiis du Roialme finon d'e la crefceure de mefmes les parties de Northumberl’ Weftmerl’ Cumber’ Sc levefchee de Durefme ils for-fairont au Roy la value dc toutz les leins enfy efkippez & auxi ils perdront le benefice du mefme la licence Si qe celuy qi lefpiera & ent fait notice au Treforer dEngleterre pur le temps eftcant avera la quart partie dc la forfaiture par luy enfi notifie. Item ordeignez eft qe null licence foitfaite a nullyde carier les fleightes laines des countees de Sutht’ Kent Suifez & dEverwyk a nulies parties de pardela forfqe a Caleys tanqe al profehein parlement Salvez auxi la prerogative du Roy.

CAP. V.

The Penalty if any carry Woolls or Fella not cuftomed out of the Realm to any Place faving:

to Calais..

5XP. T TEM pur eeo qe un.novell efkippefon eft tre,e a la peele de Foddray en le counte de Lancaftre de-X la quelle peele & dautres criks d'cinz le Roialme plufours lains fount amefnez a Ernemuthe en Seland Sz a plufours. autres lieux de pardela faunz cuft'ume ou fubfide ent duement paler au Roy. et les merchauntz veignent a Develyn en Irland & illeoqes preignent lour cokettes & paient pur chefcune peer des lains a lour, propre dit ij. d. ftcome le Roy aftefte de ce pleinement enforme en le <^it parlement a. trefgraunde defeeit & fraude du Roy ordeignez eft & eftablez qe ftafeune perfone amefne ou face amefner afeuns lains ou pealx lanuz nient ctiftumez hors du Roialme as autres lieux ae a la dite eftaple dc Caleys qil forface au Roy la value: de les merchaundifes enfi efkippez & fon corps a prilbne tanqe il ad fait & paiez fyn Si raunceon et qe cdly qent face notice a Treforer dEngleterre pur le temps efteant & le trefpalTour de ceo. duement convidd'av.era la quarte partie de la forfaiture au Roy duez celle partie.

C A P. VI.

For what Caufes only Gold or Silver may be carried out of the Realm.

A Confirmation “ TTEM, Whereas by King Henry the Fifth, Fact the Statute of<< x ther to our Lord the King that now is, it was or-Unt'the Mint “ Gained, That a Mint of Gold and Silver fhould be ft.ii be at Calais. “ holdcn v/ithin the Town of Calais,, whereby great £XE	5

ITEM come par le Roy Henry le quint pie a noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft eftoit ordeignez qe un mynt dor & dargent. ferroit tenuz dedeins la. ville de Caleys par la quell graunde fubftaunce

dk

A. D. 142.3.

Anno fecundo Henrici VL

C.

52S

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.	}

de monoie dor & dargent ad efte apportez deinz le Roialme la quelle monoie par diverfes perfones ad efte Si eft de jour en autre afportez hors dicell a Bordeaux & Flaundrcs & aillours encontre leftatut fait & purveux celle partie dauneiene temps come de eco ad eitce grevoufenvent compleint en ceft parlcment Ordinez. eft ix afl'entuz qe meline leftatut foit tenuz. & gardez & mys en due execution. Et, en outre ordinez eft Si eftablez qe null or ou argent foit afportez. hors du Roialme au contrarie du dit eftatut ill ne foit pur paiement des guerres & foudiours du Roy d'e pardela fur paine de forfait u re de la value de la fommc del monoie qenfi foit apportez hors de Roialme deftre levee de celuy qi la mefnera afportera ou envoiera hors diccll et qe celluy qi lefpiera Si ferra ent notice au confeill oii.au 1 reforer dEngleterre avera la quart partie die laforfaiture enfy duez au Roy forfpris les raun-ceons. pur finaunce des prifoners Lnglois prifez Si apprendres de pardela & la monoie qe les loude-ours emporterount ovec eux pur lour refonables collages Si auxi pur chivalx boefs berbeis & autres chofes acchatez en Efcoce apporterez ou amef-nerez as parties adjoinantz iilint qe la monoie a envoier pur finance des ditz prifoners ou a empor-ter par les ditz foudeours as parties de pardela ne foit fait fanz efpeciale licence du Roy. Et pur ceo qil eft fuppofez qe la monoie Si lor du Roialme eft afportez hors dicell par merchauntz aliens ordeinez eft & eftabliez qe les merchantz aliens trovent feurtee en la Chauncerie ehefcune compaignie pur ceux de fa compaigne qe null deux namelnera hors du Roialme null or nargent contre la forme Ju dit eftatut fur la peine de for-faiture dicell or ou argent ou de la value diccll & ft afcun de eux face la contrarie & ceo duement provez & celuy enfy fefaunt foit alez outre ie meer adonqes les plegges de la compaigne paierount au Roy la forfaiture fuifdite dent cell'y qi lavera ef-piez & le done a conuftrc au 'l'reforer ou a confeiil du Roy avera la quart partie come defuis.

‘

■Subftance- of Money of Gold and Silver hath been Brought within the Realm, (2) which Money by divers fierfons hath been, and is daily, carried out of the fame to Burdeaux, Flanders, and other Places, againft the Statute in old Times made and provided in this Behalf, as hath been grievoufiy complained in this Parliament‘ (3) it is ordained and ail’ented,

That the fame Statute be holden and kept,, and put in due Execution. (4) And moreover it is ordained No Gold or and. eftablifhed, That no Gold nor Silver fhall beSl.iv?r ^al) be c. carried out of the Realm contrary to the faid Statute,.th^Realr” bu'c unlefs it be for Payment of Wars, and the King’s.ror the Caufcs Soldiers beyond the Sea, upon Pain of Forfeiture of herein excepted, the Value of the Sum of Money fo carried out of the-9 3- ft*11- 2-Realm, to be levied of him that fhall bring, carry, c; 4 o f or fend it out of the fame Realm:. (5.) and that he which efpieth it, and thereof giveth Knowledge to 2 h. 4. c. <. the Council, or to the 1 reafurer of England,, fhall 4#-4-	*	3

have the fourth Part of the, Forfeiture fo due to the ^ SfL4* King, (6) except the Ranfoms for Fines of Englijb^ 9^ Prifoners taken and to be taken beyond the Sea, and the Money that the Soldiers fhall carry with them, for their reafonablc Cofts, (7) and alfo for Horfes,

Oxen, Sheep, and other Things bought in Scotland, to be lent and carried to the Parties adjoining; (8). fo that the Money to be fent for the Fines of the faid Prifoners, or to be carried by the faid Soldiers to the Parties beyond the Sea, be not done without the King’s fpecial Licence, (a) And becaufe it is Merchants fuppofed that the Money of Gold of the Realm is ;4l!cn,s be carried out of the fame by Merchants Aliens, it. is n^GoM out S' ordained and ftabliftied. That the Merchants Aliens the Realm, fhall find Surety in the Chancery, every Company for them of their Company, that none of them fhall SeefJr,hfr carry out of the Realm any Gold or Silver againft the Form of the faid Statute, upon Pain of Forfei-Cold and Silver ture of the fame Gold or Silver, or the Value of the 17 It. 6. c. 3. fame ; (10) and if any of them do the contrary, and 3 H- 7- c- s- m that duly proved, and he fo doing be gone over 7g‘ J. the Sea, then the Pledges of his Company fhall pay car. i. I. 7. 9 to the King the faid Forfeiture, whereof he that fhall 10 iff., 3. c, efpy it, and thereof give Notice to the Treafurer, or 28. 10/fan. c. to the King’s Council, fhall have t ie fourth Part as 25- 6 c"“-is aforefaid.’	'

I.

Gto.

CAP. VII.

The Penalty of a Cordwayner ufing the Myftery of a Tanner,

| TEM pur ceo qe les quirs par les cordewaners qi ufent la miftere de tanners & auxi plufours des quirs Rep. 5 E1- c-E par les tanners tannez font cy deceivabiemcnt tannez qe les botes folers & autres neceflaries ent faitz *1J3C' *■c,ia* fount en trop poy de temps gaftez & diftruitz a caufe de la male tanner de les quirs fuifditz a graund deceit Si perde de.tout la comunalte du Roialrre Ordeignez eft Si eftablez qe li afcun cordewaner du Roialme ufe le miftere de tanrer duraunt le temps qil ufe la miftere de cordewaner qil forface au Roy pur chefcun. quit par luy ou par afcun autre a fon oeps tannez vi. s. viij. d. et ft les cordewaners trovent notoire defaute en les quirs par les ditz tanners tannez ou a tanners qe le tanner dicelles quirs enfy defectifs forface au Roy en mefme le maner pur chefcun quir iffint defedlif vi. s. viij. d. et qe celuy qi ceo voet fuier eit. lune moite pur fon travaille & le Roy lautre moite et qe les Juftiees de lune Bank Si de lautre Juftices des aftifes Juftices de pees Juftiees de Ceftre & de Lancaftre rr.aires des citees Si des burghs eiantz poiar. come juftices de pees eiant poiar denquerer pur oier & terminer les articles & les matiers fuifditz fibien al fuite de Roy come de partie ou eux atteindler par examination fibien al fuite de Roy come de partie al diferetion. des juftices Si makes fuifditz. Et qe cefteftatut& ordeignaunce comencerent a tenir lieu Si foient mys en execution, a. feft de Nowell profehein avenir.

CAP,

0	B.

1	H, 6. c. 3.

Who ihall take Sureties of lrifomen that will refort into the Realm according to the Stat. of 1 H. 6. c. 3.

O B.

3 I lft. g2.

3 H. 5. c. 1.

•EXP.

EXP.

C. 8, 9.	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	VI.	A.	D.	1423.

CAP. VIII.

Jrijhmen reforting into the Realm, fhall put in Surety for their good abearing.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come ordeine foit en le darrein parlement entre autres qe toutz gentz neez en Irland foient •A voidez hors de Roialme dedeins le mois profchein apres la proclamation fait de cell ordinaunce fur peine de perdre lour biens Sc dedre emprifonez a la volunte du Roy forfpris certein perfones en mefme lor-dinance forfprifez et qe les graduates & hommes beneficez troverent (eurte de lour bon port et qils rrt preignent fur eux la principalte dafcun fale ou hodell mes demoergent ils entre autres efcolers Engloys defoubz la principalte dautres Sc outre ceo qe ceux efcolers dlrland qi ne font mye graduates Sc fount del obeiffaunce du Roy trovent feurte de lour bon rort en manere come les ditz graduates ferront en la forme avauntdit. Et qe toutz efcolers dlrland edeantz alors en Engleterre qi vorroient demurer ycy ferroient ap-porter chefcun aparluy au Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant devaunt le fed de Seint Johan le Baptidre darrein paffez lettres defoubz le leal de le lieutenant ou Judice dlrland tefmoignantz qils fount del obeifance du Roy Sc qe de ceux qi napporterent my tieux lettres devant mefmes le felt de Seint Johan foit fait come des rebelles au Roy. Et qe de cele fed de Seint Johan enavant null perfone neez en Irland entre le Roialme dEngleterre a demurrer en la univerfite dOxenford ou de Cantebrigg ou aillours dedeinz le Roialme dEngleterre fil napport au dit Chaunceller autieux lettres tefmoignalx fur peine dcdre puniz come rebell au Roy.

Et pur tant qen la dite ordinaunce ne fuit pas mention faite devant qi ne en quele manere la feurte de bon port come defuis ferra trove Ordeignez ed Sc edabliez qe les chauncellers des univerfitees dOxenford Sc Cantebrigg pur le tempi edeantz chefcun deux dedeinz ia jurifditdion preigne les feurtes aprendrez des efcolers deinz mefr.es les univerfitees Sc les certihent en la Chauncellarie de Roy. Et qe les judices du pees en countces Sc mairs Sc baillifs deinz citees Sc borghs enfranchifez aient poair de prendre devaunt eux tiel maner feurtee de bon port Sc de faire execution envers eux qi demorgent ou facent en contrarie le dite ordinaunce decy enavant.

CAP. IX.

The Money called Blcmks fhall be wholly put out.

I TEM ordeinez ed & edabliz qe proclamation foit fait par toutz les countes dEngleterre deins fraun-J- chifes Sc dehors Sc deins citees villes burghs & aillours qe tout la monoie appelle Blankes foient en tout oudez Sc voidez hors du Roialme devant le fed de feint Johan le Baptidre profchein avenir Sc enoutre qe null homme apres le dit fed paie ou refeeive pur paiment en afeun maner deinz le dit Roialme le dit monoie appelle blankes fur mefme la peine contenuz'& ordeinez par edatut fait Ian tierce le Roy Henry pier nodre dit Seignur le Roy encountrc toutz ceux qi paiont ou refeeivont pur paiement le monoie appelle Galyhalpens Sulkyns Sc Dodekyns deins le Roialme dEngleterre fufdit.

A-Penalty on deceitful Workers of Gold and Silver Embroidery.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes defautes font trovez en loveraigne de diverfes perfons occupiantz le midier de brouderie ordeinez ed Sc aflentuz qe tout loveraigne Sc dud'de brouderie dor ou dargent de Cipre ou dor de Luke mellee ovec laton de Spayne Sc mys a vent en deceit des lieges du Roi foit forf it au Roy ou as Seignurs & autres aiantz fraunebifes dautielx forfaiturs ein quy franchile autiel overaigne foit trovee. Et du-rera ced ordcinance tanqe al parlement procheinment avenir.

Concerning the'Revcrfal of Outlawries pronounced againft Perfons whilft abroad in the King’s

Service.

ITEM ordeinez ed Sc afTentuz qe ft afeun utlagarie fur afeun homme edeaunt hors du Roialme en le fervice de Roy ovec luy mefmes ou defoubz afeun capitain foit pronuncie Sc fur ceo le Roy ou le capi-tain morege devant qe tielz utlagariez foient reverfez Sc la partie qe purfue de reverfer afeune tiel utlagarie a caufe fufdit voct allegger foil capitain dedre mort qe adonqs fa demoeuie al temps des ditz utlagaries foit certifiez par les executours ou minidrours des tielx capitains ou clerkes de lours mondres ou afeun autre notable perfone folonc la diferetion des Judices cn mefme le manere come le capitain ceo deud avoir cer-tificz fil feulle en vie purveux toutfoitz qe laverrement foit receu pur nodre Seignur le Roy qe le captain ed en plein vie Sc auxi qe la partie feud en Engleterre en temps de tielx utlagaries pronunciez fi avant come ad ede fait devant ces heurs en cas qe le captain fuid en plein vie. Et durera ced ordenance tanqe al ,par-lement piofcheinment avenir.

The

A. D. 1423.	Anno fecundo Henrici VI.	C.	10,	11.	527

The Jufhces fhall inquire into and remove certain Nufances on the ‘Thames.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe deu ferche Si correction ncft pas fait en leawe de Thamife dehors les boundes de la EX P.

fraunchile de Loundres en les countes de Surr’ Kent fit Eflex ploufours mefchiefs ore tarde ount eftce faitz de deftruCtion des gentz niefs Si merchandifes & frie de pdlon par les weres kydelles Sc trunkes la efteantz noefantz ordeinez eft Si affentuz qe fevcralx commiffions foient faitz as Juftices de pees des ditz countez pur le temps efteantz derquerrer des tieux noilantz dehors la dite fraunchile de Lonares fi fovent come bofoigne foit & de certifier de temps en temps en le bank le Roy ceo qent ferra trovee par les inqui-fitions enfi affairs et facent les Juftices de dit Banke fur les ditz certifications autielx proceiles envers eux-qenfi ferront trovez trefpaffours come lour meulx femblera par la ley Si facent eux remoever lour anoefantz enfy faitz Salvez a chefcun fon droit Si title en les weres kydelx Sc trynkes avauntdilz. Et durera celle or-.dinaunce tanqe al parlement profcheinment avenir.

C A P. X.

What Manner of inferior Officers (hail be appointed in the King’s Courts.,

ITEM al entent qe le pluis bone Si fcure governaunce l'oit euz dedcins les courtes noftre Seignur le Roy a fon profit & al eafe de fon poe- | p!e qont a purfuer Sc affaire en ycelles Ordeinez i eft Sc eftabliz qe toutz les officers faitz par let- ( tres patentz roialx deins les ditz courtes qont poiar Si auCtorite par vertue de lour office daun- ; cien temps accuftumes de faire clercs Si miniftres deins mefmes les courtes foient chargez Si jurrez de faire tielx clercs Si miniftres pur quels ils voil-lent refpoundre a lour perill qi foient fufficeantz foialx Si entendantz a ceo qe a eux appertient au efploit fibien de les bofoignes du Roy come de fon poeple.

‘ T T EM, To the Intent that better and more fure .

‘ Government be had within the Courts of our Lord ‘ the King, for his Profit, and Eafe of his People, .

‘ which have to purfue and to do in the fame; it is ‘ ordained and ftabiifhed, That all the Officers made ‘ by the King’s Letters Patents Royal within the Paid c Courts, which have Power and Authority, by virtue 4 of their Offices of old Times accuftomed, to appoint .

4 Clerks and Minifters within the fame Courts, (hall 4 be charged and fworn to appoint fuch Clerks and Mi-4 nifters, for whom they will anfwer at their Peril, .

4 which be fufficient, faithful, and attending to that ‘ which pertaineth to them in Pe formance of the Bu-4 finefs, as well of the King as of his People.’ .	4	Inft.	114.

CAP. XI.

The feveral Meafures of Vefiels of Wine, Eels, PTerrings, and Salmon.

ITEM combien qen auncien temps fuift ordeinez Si loialment ufez qe toneux pipes tercians hog-gcfhcdcs de vyn de Gafcoignc liarrelles de harank 7: danguilles Si buttes de lamon veignant par voie de merchandife en ceft terre hors des cftraunges pais Si auxi faitz- en mefme la terre ferroient de certein-mefure ceftaffavoir le tonell de vyn de Si x i galons lepipe de if Si vi galons la tercian de fifj Si iiii galons le hoggefhede de lxiii galons le barell de harank Si danguilles de xxx galons pleinement pakkez le butte de famon de jjy & iiij galons pleinement pakkez nientlemains par ymagination Si fub-tjlite ount jatard eftee faitz tieux veffeux de pluis petite mefure a graunde perde Si defceit au Roy Si de fon poeple dount en cefte parlement fuift priez efpecialment de remedie Si eft ordeinez Si eftablez qe null liomrne apres le fyn de xii moys le feft de Pafque profchein avenir profcheinement enfuantz apporte en le royalme dEngletere de qel paiis qe ceo foit ne face deins mefme le royalme tonell de vyn ftl ne conteigne del mefure dEnglc-terre ij & xij- galons le pipe ", vj galons Si enfy fo-lonc lafferaunt le tercian Si le hoggefhede de vyn de Gafcoigne fur peine de forfaiture de mefme le vyn ne barrell de harank ne danguilles fils ne conteign-ent xxx galons pleinement pakkez ne butte de ial-mon fil ne conteigne fjy & iiij galons pleinement pakkez ne kynderkyns tercians Si ferdekyngr de harank ne danguilles ne de famon forfqe folonc laf-

44 ITEM, Whereas in old Time it was ordained 27 EJ. r, 44 A and lawfully ufed. That Tuns. Pipes, Tertians,c- 8‘ 31 Ed' 3‘ 44 Hogfheads of Gafcoign Wine, Barrels of Herring and-^'^'^j^' 4 44 of Eels, and Butts of Salmon, coming by way of 44 Merchandife into this Land out of ftrange Countries, .

44 and alfo made in the fame Land, fhould be of cer- .

44 tain Meafure; that is to fay, The Tun of Wine CC 44 lii. Gallons, the Pipe C xxvi. Gallons, the Tertian 44 lxxxiv. Gallons, the Hogfttead lxiii. Gallons, the -44 Barrel of Herring and of Eels xxx. Gallons fulLy 44 packed, the Butt of Salmon lxxxiv. Gallons fully 44 packed ; neverthelefs, by Device and Subtilty now 44 late fuch Veffels have been of much lefs Meafure, to 44 the great Deceit and Lofs of the King and of his 44 People, whereof fpecial Remedy was prayed in the 44 Parliament4 (2) it is ordained and ftabiifhed,

4 That no Man, after the End of Twelve Months 4 from the Feaft of Eqfter next coming, {hall bring 4 into the Realm of England, from what Country fo-4 ever it be, nor make within the fame Realm, a Tun 4 of Wine, except it contain of the Evglijh Meafure 4 CC lii. Gallons, the Pipe C xxvi. Gallons, and fb 4 after the Rate the Tertian and the Hogfhead of Gaf-4 coin Wine, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame Wine;

4 (3) nor Barrel of Herring, nor. of Eels, unlefs they 4 contain xxx. Gallons fully packed ; nor Butt of Sal-4 mon, unlefs it contain lxxxiv. Gallons fully packed;

4 nor Kinderkins, Tertians, and Firkins of Herring,

4 nor of Eels, nor of Salmon,.but.after the Rate fully

packed.

‘ packed, after the Feaft of the Nativity of St. John 'the ‘ Baptijl next coming, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the 4 faid Herring, Eels, and Salmon, fo brought'or made 4 contrary to this Ordinance, in what City, Borough, ‘	and Town of the Realm, or in any Part of England,

4	that fuch Defaults be found, to the Lord of the fame

4	Town ; (4) and that he which will fue and prove the

4	faid Defaults, fha.ll have the fourth Part of the fame

4 Forfeiture. (5) And the Juftices of Peace in all the 4 Counties of England, and Mayors and Bailiffs, having 4 Power to inquire of the Peace, fhall inquire, hear, 4 and determine all the fame Defaults. (6) And that cfV	'	'	4	this Ordinance extend and have Strength, as well

j’r. 3.	c. 13.	4	within the County of Chejler, as elfewhere.'

2.S H. S. C. 14. concerning gauging ofVeJJch of}V;nc9 &c.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. feraunt ;pleinement pakkezjpuis le.feft deNativitee de Seint Johan le Baptiftre pro'fchein avenir fur peyne de forfaiture de les harank anguilles 5c famon avauntditz enfy apportez ou faitz au contrarie de celt ordinaunce en quell citee burgh 5c ville du royalme ou en afcune partie dEngleterre qe tieux defautez foient trovez au Seignur de mefrne la ville et qe celluy qi voet fuer 5c prover les ditz defautz avera la quart partie de mefrne la forfaiture. Et qe les juftices du pees en toutz les countes dEngleterre mairs & baillifs aiantz poair denqerer de peax en-quergeroient 5c terminent toutz iceux defautz. Et qe cat ordeignaunce foi extende & eit force ftbien dcdeins le countee de Ceftre come aillours.

cap. xir.

The Office and Duty of the King’s Affayer, Controllour, and Mafter of the Mint.

The Mafter of c the Mint {hall t keep his Allay in making of white Money,

(

<

C

c

<

The Office and < Duty of the t King’s Affijyer ^ et the Mint,

c • <

■f Read each cf c them beinjr Jkvorru c c c

The Office of < the Controller < of the Mint. c The Mafter of the Mint {hall < convert into	c

Coin all the	<

Gold and Silver c •which he fhall receive. The Mafter of the c Mint fhall make c fmall Money,

€

C

<

uJL

C ( < c c * *

IT E M, To the Intent that the more Bullion may be brought to the Mint, and the .greater Plenty of white Money be made and current within the Realm, for the Eafe and Profit of the Commonalty of the .fame, it is ordained and ftablifhed. That the Mafter of the Mint fhall keep his Allay in the making of white Money according to the Form of his Indenture; (2) and that the fame Mafter receive of evety Perfon, that fhall bring any Silver to the Mint, the fame Money at the true Value as it is worth according to the fame Allay, upon Pain to pay to the Party his double Damages. (3) And alfo to the Intent that this Ordinance may the better and more juftly be obferved, it is ordained, That the King’s Aflayer, which is a Perfon indifferent betwixt the Mafter of the Mint and the Merchant, and alfo the Controller of the Mint, fhall be prefent when any fuch Bullion of Silver is brought to the Mint, to the Intent that the-faid Aflayer may rightfully fet the Value of the fame according to the * Law, in cafe of Variance betwixt the Mafter and the Merchant; and the Controller to controul as well Silver that is brqught to the faid Mint, as carried out of the fame, f every two Days faithfully and indifferently to do their Duty, without taking any Reward other than the Fee which they fhall take of the King, upon Pain to yield double Damages, as afore is faid; (.4) and that the Affayer and Controller be credible, fubftantial, and expert Men, having perfeA Knowledge in the Myftery of Goldfmiths, and of the Mint. (5) And alfo that neither the Mafter of the Mint, nor the Exchanger for the time being, fell, nor caufe to he fold, nor aliene to any other U.fe but to the Coin, no Manner of Gold nor of Silver wrought or unwrought, coined or not coined, or Bullion which is brought to the Mint, or to the Exchange, but apply the fame only to the Money, according to the Form of the faid Indenture, upon the Pain contained in the fame Indenture. (6) And that the lame Mafter of the Mint caufe to be ftricken, from time to time, Half-Nobles, Earthings of Gold, Groats, Half-Groats, Pence, Half-Pence, and Farthings, for the Eafe of the People, according to the Tenor of the. Indenture made betwixt the King and him, upon the Pain contained in the fame, fo that the common People may have Recourfe to the Exchange for fmall Gold and white Money, as they reafonably fhall need.’

Read Allay*

ITEM a lentent qe le pluis greindre bullio* puiffe eftre apporte a le mynte 5c le grendre plente de blank Money eftre faitz 5c currant deinz le Roialme pur le aife 5c profit du communaltc dicelle ordeinez eft 5c eftabliz qe le maiftre del mynt garde fon allaie en la fefanee de la blank monoie folonc la forme de fa endenture et qe' mefrne le meiftre refeeive de chefcun homtne qi portera afeun argent a la mynt mefrne largent a. la verroie value come il vault folonc mefrne lallaie fur peine de paier le double damage a la.partie. Et auxi al entent qe ceft ordeignance puiffe.le meulx 5c pluis jouftement eftre gardez ordeinez eft qe laffaiour du Roy qi eft perfone indifferent parentre le maiftre del mynt 5c le merchant 5c auxi le countrollour del mynt foient , prefentez qant afeun tiele bullion dargent foit porte a le mynte a lentent qe le dit affaiour puis droite-ment mettre le value dicell folonc lallaie en cas del .variau nee parentre le maiftre et le merchant et le countrollour a countrouller ftbien largent qeft apportez en la dit mynt come afportez hors dicell chefcun deux jurrez de faire foialment 5c endefte-rentment lour devoir fanz afeun regarde prendre autre qe le fee qils preignont du Roy fur la peine de paier double damage com debits et qe ceux afl’aiour 5c countroullour foientzjvaillaintz crediblez 5c expertez perfones aiantz notoier fcience en le miftier dorfeour 5c de mynt. Et auxi qe le maiftre del mynt ne le chaungeour pur le temps efteant vende ne face .vendre ne aliene a null autre oeps forfqe a le coigne null maner dor ne dargent overe ou nient overee coigneeou nient coignee ou bullion qeft portez a la mynt ou a lefehaunge mes icell applic toutfoulment a le monoie folonc la forme de lendenture avantdite fur la peine contenuz en mefrne lendenture. Et qe mefrne le maiftre del mynt face ferire de .temps en temps demy nobles ferlynges dor grofles demy groffes deniers males 5c ferlinges pur le aife du jpocple folonc le tenour del dite endenture fait parentre le Roy 5c luy fur la peine contenuz cn ycell iflint qe le commune poeple puis avoir recours a lefehaunge pur petit or 5c blanke monoie come ils refonablement bofoig-neront.

C A P.

Anno fecundo Henrici VI.

C. 13, 14.

A. D. 1423.

S29

CAP. XIII.

The Price of a Pound of Silver in Plate, Piece, or Mai's.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe graunde efcarcite de blank monoie eft dedeins le Roialme a caufc qe argent eft arhatuzRel,,jJC, T( Sc venduz nient coignuez a la price de xxxij. s. la li’ du troie la ou mefme le li’ neit pluis de value a lee. 28. coigne qe xxxij. s. abatuz pur le cunage xij. d. Ordeinez eft Sc eftabliz pur lencrece deladit blank monoie qe null homme de quell eftate ou condition qil foit deinz le dit Roialme nachate ne vende null argent en plate de peffe ne en maffe efteant ft bone dallaie come le fterling outre xxx s. le livre du troie outre la facion fur le peine de forfaiturede la double value datant come il achate ou vende.en contraire de ccfte ordinaunce & qe lune moite foit forfait al oeps du Roy & lautre moite al oeps de celuy qe voet fuer Sc prover mefme la for-faiture. Purveux toutz foitz qe ceux qi alent a le coigne puiffent avoir Sc prendre del maiftre de mefme le coigne folonc ceo qe eft loialment contenuz en les endentures parentre leRoy et le dit maiftre en faitz. Et auxi le maiftre de la mynt fufdit pur le temps efteant puis prendre & deliverer ficome il eft contend en les ditz endentures fanz pluis prendre pur laife Sc profit de le commune poeple.

CAP. XIV.

The Finenefs of Flarnefs of Silver, and the Marks with which it fhall be marked.

IT E M qe null orfeour ne overour dargent deinz la Citee de Loundres vende null overaigne dargent fil ne foit auxi fyne come le fterlyng forfpris ceo qe bofoigne foudure en la fefance le quell foit alowe folonc ceo qe la foudour foit neceffarie pureftre overee en ycell. Et qe null orfeour nc juellour nautre homme qe oepere harneis dargent mette null dicell a \ endre deinz la dite Citee de-vant ceo qe foit touchee ovec le touche del teaft de libarde ceo qe puife refonablement porter mefme le touche Sc auxi ove un marque ou figne del overour dicell fur peine de la forfeiture de la double come defuis eft dit et qe le marque ou figne de chefcun orfeour foit conuz a les gardeins de mefme le mifter. Et fil poet eftre trove qe le dit gardein de la touche fuiflite touche afeun del hernoys ovek le teft del libard ftl ne foit auxi fyne en allaie come lefterlyng qe adonqes le dit gardein de le touche pur chefeune chofe ei fy prove nient ft bon en alaye come le dit efterlyng for-face la double value au Roy & a la partie come il eft ycy defuis recite. .Et auxi femblablement eft ordeine en la citee dEverwyk Novell Chaftell fur Tyne Lincoln Norwice Briftowe Salefbury & Coventre qe chefcun ait diverfes touches folonc Jordinance des mairs baillifs ou governours de ineftnes les villes et qe null orfeour nautres over-ours dargent ne gardeyn des ditz touches dedeins ycelles villes mette a vente ne touche null argent en autre manere qe neft ordeine parde-vant deinz la Citee de Loundres fur peine del forfaiture avantdit. Et enoutre qe null orfeour nautre overour dargent dedeinz le Roialme dEn-gleterre ou null touche eft ordine come defuis eft dit overee null argent fil ne foit auxi fyn en alaie come lefterlyng. Et qe lorfeour ou loverour dicell argent mette fur ycell fon marque ou figne devant ceo qe le mette a la vent et fil foit trove qe ne foit auxi fine come lefterlyng qadonqs le overour dicell forface le double value en manere Sc forme come il eft devant recitez deinz le Citee de Loundrez. Et qe les juftices de la pees mairs Sc baillifs Sc toutz autres aiantz poair come juftices de pees eient enquergent & determinent par bille VOL I.

‘ TTEM, That no Goldfmith, nor Worker of Sil-None (hall fell £ A ver within the City of London, fell any Work-“y Work of .

‘ manftiip of Silver, unlefs it be as fine as the Ster $‘lver’ un ofsit ‘ ling, except the fame need Souder in the making,seeding' ° * *

‘ which {hall be allowed according as the Souder is ‘ neceffary to be wrought in the fame. (2) And thatnoruntil it be e no Goldfmith nor jeweller, nor any other that touched, and ‘ worketh Kainefs of Silver, fill 1 fet any of the fame™j^d."u1j1 the ‘ t0. feil within the City, before that it be touched^‘^‘^4.

with the 1 ouch [of the Leopard s Head, if it may c reafonably bear the fame Touch*] and alfo with the £ Mark or Sign of the Workman of the fame, upon ‘ Pain of Forfeiture of the Double, as afore is faid ;

‘ and that the Mark and Sign of every Goldfmith be ‘ known to the Wardens of the fame Craft. (3) And The Penalty on £ if it may be found, that the faid Keeper of the'*1' Keeper of ‘ Touch touch any fuch Harnefs with the Leopard’s4X°th'an "h° ‘ Head, except it be as Fine in Allay as the Ster- not fuf-‘ ling, that then the Keeper of the Touch, for every ficient in Allay.

‘ Thing fo proved not as good in A'.lay as the faid ‘ Sterling, fhall forfeit the double Value to the King ‘ and to the Party, as is above recited. (4) And alfo Several Cities ‘ it is likewife ordained in the City of York, Nnv-*nd Towns fnall ‘ cajlle upon Tine, Lincoln, Norwich, Brijfoiv, Sa/ifff* *ev ral ‘ bury, and Coventry, that every one fhall have di-louc-s'

£ vers Touches, according to the Ordinance of the ‘ Mayors, Bailiffs, or Governors of the fame Towns; e (5) and that no Goldfmith, nor other Workers of ‘ Silver, nor Keeper of the faid Touches within the ‘ fame Towns, fhall fet to Sale, or touch any Sil-‘ ver in other Manner than is ordained before within * the City of London, upon Pain of the faid Forfei-‘ ture. (6) And moreover tliat no Goldfmith, or c other Worker of Silver within the Realm of Eng-c land, where no Touch is ordained as afore is faid, fhall ‘ work any Silver, except it be as fine in Allay as the ‘ Sterling, and that the Goldfmith or Worker of the £ fame Silver let upon the lame his Mark or Sign ‘ before he fet it to Sale; (y) and if it be found,

‘ that it is not as fine as the Sterling, that then the c Worker of the fame fhall forfeit the double Value,

‘ in Manner and Form as before is recited within, the £ City of London.' (8) And the Juftices of Pende, juftices of the £ Mayors and Bailiffs, and all other having Power as Peace, ilayors,

‘ Juftices of Peace, fhall hear, inquire, and deter-®/',may ‘"quire

-V____	t	■	ot,	hear,	and	dc-

yyy	ll'iae>Urmi>K	the	Of-

* Thrfe Words in the Italick Letter have been omitted in former Editions,

fences afoteCtii,

530 C. 15.

Anno fecundo Henrici VI.

A. D.

28 Ed. 1. flat. 3.

C. 20.

Enforc'd by 37	«

Ed. 3. f. 7. t 17 Ed. 4. c. I.

1 El. c. 15,

mine, by Bill, Plaint, or in other Manner, of all that do contrary to the faid Ordinances, and thereof to make due Execution by their Difcretions. (g) Provided always. That if the Mafter of the Mint which now is, or which for the Time (hall be, offend, or have offended in his Office of the faid Mint, that then he be punfthed and juftified according to the Form of the faid Indentures.’

I423.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. plcint ou en autre manere <’e toutz ceux qi fa-cent le contrair de mefmes les ordinances 5c ent facent due execution folonc lour difcretions. Pur-veux toutz foitz qe ii le maiffre del mynt qore eft ou quy pur le temps ferra offende ou ad often-duz en Ion office du dit mynte qadonqs foit il corre£te 5c juftifie folonc la forme de les endentures avauntditz.

Farther provided fir by 12 & 1$ IK 3. c. 4.	1	Ann.	fiat.	1.	c.	9.	10	/Inn.	c,	26.	6	Geo.	t. c. ll. 12 Geo. 2. c. 26. and 15 Geo. 2. c. 20. fee.

Juftices may punida Servants, Mafons, Girpenters, &c. for taking unreafonable Wages.

EXP. ITEM come en le temps de noble Roy Henry pier a noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft en fon parlemrnt tc-A nuz a Leyceftre lan dc fon regne fecunde foit ordeigne qe les juftices de pees en chefcune counte dEn-gleterre duiuent examiner toutz maners de fervantz en lour countees qi preignent falaries_ excedauntz la dite ordinance & les punir folonc mefrne lordinance ordeinez eft & aflentuz qe les ditz juftices aient poiar dappeller 5c de fair venir devant eux par venire facias 5c diftringas les maiftres aiantz 5c occupiantz les ditz fervantz 5c par attach’ mefmes les fervantz 5c ycelles examiner de le doner de lour falarie 5c la prife de ceo qils donent a lour ditz fervantz. Et fil foit trove par examination ou en autre manere qe les ditz maiftres donent pluis qe accordant au dite ordinance qe adonqes les ditz maiftres qi pluis donent 5c chefcun de eux qi pluis done paieront 5c paiera au Roy pur chefcune falarie paiez a afeune fervant contrarie lexceffe 5c qe a mefrne lordinance mefmes les fervantz enfi preignauntz 5c ent par lour conifl’ance ou en autre loial manere atteintz eient lemprifonement dun mois faunz bailie ou mainprife. Et fiafcun vifeont baillif de fraun-chife gaoler ou afeun autre aiant la garde dez prifons deinz fraunchife ou dehors ou afeun de lour deputees mette afeune tielle perfone au bailie ou mainprife qe adonqes il perdra au Roy pur chefcun tiel homme lefte a bailie ou a mainprife xxs. et qe lez juftices de pees aient poair dappeller devant eux par attach’ mafons carpenters tilers thakkers daubers Sc toutz autres laborers Sc eux examiner et fils tiovent par examination ou en autre manere qe afeune des ditz perfones ad pris a contrarie a les leies Sc ordinances faitz devant ces heurs pardevant qe adonqes celluy qeft trove enfi preignant ait lemprifonement dun moys. Et qe mefmes les juftices aient poair dappeller devant eux par attach’ taillours cordewaners tanners bochers peichours & cariours de peffon hoftilers Sc toutz autres artificers Sc vitaillers Sc de eux affeffer Sc chefcun de eux a vendre Sc prendre folonc les difcretions des ditz juftices Sc fi afeun de eux preigne le contrarie a mefrne laffeffion Sc de ceo par examination ou en autre manere foit trove coupable qe adonqs mefmes les perfones enfy trovez coupablez Sc chefcun deux face Sc facent fyn folonc les difcretions des juftices Sc ait lemprifonement dun moys faunz baill ou mainprife come defuis eft dit. Et qe ceft ordinance extende fibien deinz, citees Sc burghs ou ils ount poair Sc auToritee come juftices de pees come en les countees fuifditz. Et endurera ceft ordinance tanqe al parlemcnt profeheynment avenir.

CAP. XV.

No Man fhall faften Nets to any thing over Rivers.

*	TTEM it is ordained, That the (landing of Nets 4 A and Engines called Trinis, and all other Nets,

*	which be and were wont to be fattened and hanged

4 continually Day and Night, by a certain Time in 4 the Year, to great Potts, Boats, and Anchors, over-4 thwart the River of Thames, and other Rivers of the 4 Realm, which Standing is a Caufe of as great and 4 more Deftrudlion of the Brood and Fry of Fifh, 4 and Difturbatiee of the common Paffage of Veffels, 4	as be the	Wears, Kydels, or any other Engines,

The Penalty of	4	be who ly	defended for ever; (2) and that every

thofe which do ‘ Perfon that fetteth or faftencth them hereafter to

other £t'snovSerr ‘ fuch. PoJs’ BoaJs’ ,and Anchors or like Thing, any River.	continually to itand as afore is faid, and be duly

4 thereof by the Courfe of the Law convidl, (hall 4 forfeit to the King Cs. at every Time that he is fo In what Sort	*	proved in	Default. (?) Provided always. That it

Owners of	4	(hall be lawful to the Poffeffors of the (aid Trinks,

Trinks may filh { if they be of Affife, to fifh with them in all feafon-vntn them. < able Times, drawing and pulling them by hand, 4 as other Fifhers do with other Nets,' and not faf-4 tening or tatking the faid Nets to Potts, Boats, and 4 Anchors, continually to (land as afore is faid; (4) 4 faving always to every of the King’s liege People 4 their Right, Title, and Inheritance in their FKhings . 4 in the faid Watyr.’

ITEM ordeignez eft 5c eftabliz qe le ftation des reis 5c engines appellez trynkes 5c de toutz autres maners reis qi font 5c foloient eftre fichez 5c attachez continuelment de noet 5c jour par cer-tein temps del an as grauntz poftes batels 5c an-chres au travers la rivere de Thamife 5C autres rivers du Roialme quele ftation eft caufe 5c occa-fion del auxi graund 5c pluis deftrudlion del brode 5c frie de peffon 5c deftourbance del commune paffage del veffeulx come font les weres kydelx ou nulles autres engines foit tout outrement defenduz pur tout temps avenir et qe chefcun qi les mette ou fiche deforenavant as tielx poftes batelx 5c an-chres ou chofe femblable pur continuelment eftoi-fer come dit eft & ent foit duement 5c par cours de ley convitftz forfacc au Roy C s. a chefcun temps cjil eft enfi provee en defaut. Purvieux tout-foitz qe bien life as poft'effours des ditz trynkes fils foient daffife pefehier ovec eux en tout temps fei-fonable les entraihantz 5c conveiantz par main come autres pefehours font ove autres reis 5c non fi-chantz 5c attachantz les ditz reyes as poftes batelx 5c anchrcs pur continuelment eftoifer come dit eft Salvant toutfoitz a chefcun liege du Roy lour droit title 5c enheritaynce en lour pefeheries en la ewe avauntdit.

CAP.

A. D. 1423

Anno fecundo Henrici VI.

C. 16, 17.	53

CAP. XVI.

Perfons in the Reverfion may fue for their Right to Eftates,. notwithftanding any Defaults

committed by the former Pofieffors.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITE M come ordeigne foit par eftatut fait a Weftm’ lan du regne le Roy E. fitz le Roy H. trefzime qe, EXP.

fi breve foit porte vers le baron Sc fa femme ou envers tenant a terme de vie a terme dautre vie ou par le curtefie ou tenant en le taill apres poffibilite diflue exteint Sc le baron ou tielx tenauntz fount de-faute apres defaute ou voillent rendre al demaundant foil demande qe fi le femme ou ceux a qi le reverfion eft veignent devant juggement rendu qils ferront receux a defendre lour droit. Et pur ceo qe les Juftices du Roy font ore en graunt awereuftee fi le baron ou afcun des ditz tenauntz font defaut apres defaut ou ren-dent ladtion as demaundant les queux defautz ou redditions font recordez a un terme Sc des certcins caufes les Juftices moevantz le juggement mis en refpite Sc jour don outre tanqal profchein terma fi ceux en la reverfion ferront receux a celle darrein terme a defendre lour droit. Et pur ouftier tiel aweroufte & doute ordcinez eft Sc declarez par ladvis & aflent fuifditz qe ceux en reverfion purront eftre receux a defendre lour droit fils veignent a afcun temps devant juggement rendu en tielx cafes devant declarez accordant a les forme Sc parols en le dit eftatut contcnuz. Et qe ycefte ordinaunce fe extende as briefs unqore pendantz Sc le juggement unqore nient renduz come en actions defore enavaunt amovers. Et durera ccfte ordinance tanqal parlcment profehinement avenir.

CAP. XVII.

Perfons inditfted of High Treafon efcaping out of Prifon fhall be adjudged Traitors.

ITEM come en temps le noble Roy E. tiers apres le conqueft lan de fon regne xxv. a foil parlement E X P.

tenuz a Weftm’ furent declarez par eftatut en le dit parlement quelles chofes duiffent eftre ditz traifon entre queux fi homme fuift enditez appellez ou pris par fufpecion de graund traifon & pur cefte caufe com-mife Sc detenuz en prifon du Roy Sc puis tiel priibne efehape hors de prifon de Roy declaration ne fuift faite avant ces heurs le quele tiel efehape ferroit adjugge traifon ou nient ordeinez eft Sc declarez par audtorite diceft prefent parlement par eftatut qe fi afeune perfone foit endite appelle ou pris pur fufpecion de graunt traifon come avant eft dit et foit commys Sc detenuz en prifone du Roy pur celle caufe Sc efehape volunte-rement hors du dit prifone qe tiel efehape foit adjugge Sc declare traifon fi tiel perfone ent foit duement at-teint folonc le ley de cefte terre. Et eient les Seignurs du fee en tiel cas les efehetes Sc forfaitures des terres Sc tenementz de eux tenuz de tielx perfones iffint atteintz come de ceux qi font atteintz de petite traifon.

Et teignent cert ordinance & declaration lieu Sc effedt del xx jour dOdtobr’ darrein pafle tanqe au parlement profeheinement avenir.

Statutes made at Weftminfter,

Dom.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. g.

NO ST RE Seignur le Roy par advys Sc aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx Sc tempo-relx Sc a lefpecial requeft des Communes en cefte parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le darrein jour dAverill lan de fon regne tierce ad ordinez Sc eftabliz certeins ordinances Sc eftatuts a lonour de Dieu Sc pur le bien de fon Roialme en la fourme enfuant.

Anno 3 Hen. VI. and Anno 1424.	*

“ /AU R Lord the King, by the Advice and'Afd “ ff I fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, “ *—J and at the fpecial Requeft ef the Commons, “ aflembled in this Parliament, holden at Wejbninjler “ the laft Day of April, the Third Year of his Reign, “ hath ordained and eftablifhed certain Ordinances and “ Statutes, to the Honour of God, and for the Weal “ of his Realm, in the Form following.”

P. I.

C A

Mafons fhall not confederate themfelves in Chapiters and Aflcmblies.

EN primes come par les annuelx congregations Sc confederacies faitz par les mafons en lour generalx0 b.

chapitres aflemblez le bon cours Sc effect des eftatuts de laborers font publiquement violez Sc difrumpezj lnft, 99. en fubverfion de la leye Sc grevoufe damage de tout le commune noftre Seignur le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoir de remedie par advis Sc aflent fuifditz & a la efpecial requeft des ditz Communes ad ordinez Sc eftabliz qe tieux chapitres Sc congregations ne foient defore tenuz. Et fi afeuns tielx foient faitz foient ceux qi fount faire afiembler Sc tenir iceux chapitres Sc congregations fils ent foient convidtz adjuggez pur felons et qe toutz les autres mafons qi viegnent as tielx chapitres Sc congregations foient puniz par emprifonement de lour corps Sc facent fyn Sc raunceon a la volunte du Roi.

Y y y 2	CAP.

53 2



Anno tertio Henrici VI.

A. D. 1424.

CAP. II.

Sheep Hull not be trunfported beyond Sea without the King’s Licence.

By 8 El. c. made Felony,



3-“ TTE M, Becaufe that divers Perfons do from “ JL Time to Time carry out of the Realm great “ Number of Sheep with Fleeces into Flanders, and “ other Countries beyond the Sea, and there they “ (hear them, and fell as well the fame Sheep, as the 44 Woolls of the fame, to Men of the lame Country, 44 fo that by fuch Perfons the Sheep within the faid 44 Country of Flanders, and other Parts, in lhort Time “ be likely to be much increafed, to the great Deceit, 44 Lofs, and Damage of our Lord the Ring, of his 44 Cultoms and Subiidies of the faid Woolls, and alfo 44 to the great Hindrance of all the Realm, and Diminution and Abatement of the Price of Woolls, as well at the Staple at Calais, as here in England, un-lefs Remedy be provided in this Behalf;” ‘ (2) our faid Lord the King, conftdering the Premifles, by the Advice and AfTent, and at the Requcft aforefaid, Rath ordained and granted by the Authority of the faid Parliament, That no Manner of Perfon, of what Eftate or Condition that he be, hereafter be fuffered to Ihip * within the Realm of England any Sheep, fleeced or fhorn, into the faid Country of Flanders, ‘ or to any other Parts beyond the Sea, except it be to 4 victual the Town of Caiice and the Marches thereof. ‘ (3) And that every Man that may be efpied, which ‘ under the Colour of victualling of the fame Town * and Marches of Caiice, pafleth into any other Places, ‘ than to the fame Town and Marches, with any ‘ Sheep fleeced or thorn (except he have the King’s Seczsil 8 c ‘ Licence) thall forfeit to the King the fame Sheep, 1 nIdiL* or the Value thereof, as oftentimes as he thall be of Sleep any Pcr-‘ found in Default.’

fK May keep. And fee 14 Gen. 2. c. 6. making Shccp-flealiug felony without Clergy.

* Add or ratefe to be Jbipped,

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.

T E M pur ceo qe plufours diverfes perfones

__ amefnent hors du Roialme de temps en temps

grande nombre des berbees lanutz en Flaundres & autres paiis de pardela lc meer & la ils fount eux tonder A vendent flbien mefmes les berbees come les laines diddles as hommes de mefme la paiis If-fint qe par tielx perfones les berbees deinz mefme la paiis de Flaundres & autres parties deins brief temps font veraifemblablez detire grandement en-crecez & multipliez a trefgrande deceit perde & damage noftre dit Seignur le Roy de fes culiumes et fubiidies des ditz laines & auxi grande arrerifle-ment de tout le Roialme & amenufement & de-preflion de la price des lains flbien a leftaple de Caleis come cy en Engleterre fil ne foit purveu de 1 remedie celle partic noftre dit Seignur conflderant ; les premifles de ladvis aflent h requeft fuifditz ad ordinez & grantez par auciorite du dit parlement qe null maner de -perfone de quele eftat ou condition qil foit de cy enavaunt foit fuftrez dvtkip-per ou faire etkipper deinz le Roialme afeunes berbees lanutz ou tonduz en la dite paiis de Flaundres ou autres parties de pardela le mser fil ne foit pur la vitailler de la ville de Caleys & les marches dicelles. Et qe chefcun homme qe poet eftre efpiez qe foubz colour de vitailler du dite ville ou marches de Caleys qil pafie a afeun autre lieu qe a mefmes les vi le k marches ovefqe af-cuns berbees lanuz ou tonduz fil ne ait licence roialle qil forface au Roy mefmes les berbees ou le value dicelles ft fovent defoitz come il foit trove defedlif.

CAP. III.

The Penalty of a Cuftomer, &c. concealing the King’s Cuftom.

^ Add cr at the Sat* of any other Perfon fir the King's A 'rvan-tage,

14 R. 2. c. 10. 17 R. 2. c. 5. i iJ. 4. c. 13. Dyrr 23S.

4 H. 4. c. so. 13 III e,. c. 5.

* y TEM it is ordained and eftahlifhed, That if ‘ JL any Cuftomer, Collector, or Controller of the 4 King’s Cuftoms of Cockets of Cloths, of Subfi-‘ dies of Tuniiag' or Poundage, in any Port or ‘ Place of England, be duly attainted or convidt at 4 the King’s Suit, * of falfe concealing of the King’s 4 Cuftom or Subfidy duly entered and paid by any 4 Merchant, that then the faid Cuftomer, Collec-4 tor, or Controller fo duly attainted or convidt by ‘ the Law, thall lofo and forfeit to the King the 4 treble Value of the Merchandifes fo duly cuftom-4 ed, and make Fine and Ranfom. (2) And be 4 that will foe, fhall have the Thisd Part for his ‘ Labour.’

See 31 II. 6. c. 5.	1	El.	c.	11.	f.	7.	iS	El.	c,	9.	which put Cujiomen,

ITEM ordinez eft k eftabliz qe ft afeune cuf-tumer colledtour ou countrollour des cuftumes du Roi de cokettes de draps del fubfidies del tonage ou pondage en afeun port ou lieu dEngleterre foit duement & loialment atteinte ou convidtz al fuyte du Roi ou al fuyte dafeune autre perfoue pur la-vauntage du Roi de faux concelement de cuftumc ou lubiidie du Roi duement entre k paie par afeune merchant qadonqes le dit cuftumer colledfour ou countrollour enfi duement atteint k convidt par la ley perde & forface au Roi le treble value des merchandifes enfi duement cuftumez k face fyn & raunceon. Et ft afeun homme le voet fuer ait le tierce pariie pur fon labour.

See. under farther Rtjlrifiicns,

CAP. IV.

Licence may be granted to convey Butter and Cheefe to any Place.

o E. TTE M come par un eftatut fait en temps de le trefnoble Roi E. tierce puis le conqueft ordinez eftoit X qe leftaple k les merchandifes de leftaple ferreient mefnez a Caleys entre queux merchandifes ordinez fuift par mdine leftatut. qe burc k forrnage ferroient merchandifes de leftaple par quelle ordinance plufours perfones du Roialrne dEngleterre out euz grautule perde k damage pur ceo qe les ditz bure& formage font ii tend re merchandifes qils nc purroni attendre lour merchants ficyrnc noftre Seignur le Roi ad conceit a la

x	.	grevous

A. D. 1424.	Anno	tertio	Henrici VI.	C. 5.	533

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

grevous compleint de fes Communes defuifditz Mefme noftre Seignur le Roi voillant purvoir de remedieAltered by 18 celle partie par advis & affent fuifditz ad ordine & eftablie qe celuy qi voet amefner bure & formage afcunesH-6' c• v autrcs parties qe a le dit eftaple fua au Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant pur licence avoir celle	* 2

partie et qe mefme le Chaunceller ait poiar du luy faire autielles licences defoubz le graunde feal duRoijj&^bar'a.. li lui femblera affaire folonc fa diferetion.	c.	26.	*

C A P. V.

CommifTions may be awarded to certain Perfons, to reform the River Ley, running from

IVare to Thames.

ITEM come en le darrein parlement fuift graunte qe un commifGon pur la eawe appcllez la Ley une despR. 9 h.6. c.g.

grandes rivers qi fextende de la ville de Ware jcfqe al eawe de Thamife cn les countes de Hcrtf ’ Effex’ & >3 EJiz. c. 18. Midd’ pur furveier redreffer ft amender toutz les defauts cn la dite eawe pur le paffage des niefs ft batelx^tat' ? ^ ficome en les ordinances & eftatuts en temps des nobles progenitours noftre dit Seignur le Roi eft contenuzjrj^ pJWj ct pur ceo qe la dite commiflion fuift dire&e as diverfes graundes Seignurs ft autres perfones qi a cco neand to continue potent entendre ordinez eft ft eftabliz qe le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ait poiar de granterfor 3 Years, tielx commiffions a tout temps qe bofoigne ferra as tielx perfones indifterentz demurrantz la environ qi a ceo mclx favent & poent entendre de enquerer redreffer ft amender toutz les defautz cn la dite eawe efteantz fibien par diverfes trenches hors du dite eawe faitz come de toutz autres manors eftankes eftakes kidelx goors ou moleyns anufantz de paffage des batelx en la dite eawe efteantz ou faitz folonc le purport ft tenure des eftatuts en ceo cas purveux ft ordinez.

Statutes made at Leicefler, Anno 4 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1425.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. g.

CE U X font les eftatuts ft ordinances faitz par noftre trefoverain Seignur le Roi par advis ft affent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la efpeciale requeft des Communes de fon Roialme en fon parlement tenuz a Leyceftr’ le xviij' jour de Feverer lan de fon regne quart efteantz a lonour de Dieu ft pur le bien cafe ft profit de fon Roialme.

“ fE-^HESE be the Ordinances and Statutes ct	0	made by our Sovereign Lord the King, by

t! JL	the Advice and Affent of the Lords Spiritual

“ and Temporal, and at the fpecial Requeft of the “ Commons of his Realm, in his Parliament holden at “ Leicejier, the Eighteenth Day of February, the Fourth “ Year of his Reign being, to the Honour of God, and “ for the Weal,. Profit, and Eafe of his Realm.”

C A P. I.

Every Sheriff fhall return fiich Writs as be direfted to him at fuch Days as they be returnable, and fhall warn thofe Jurors which be impanelled.

EN primes pur ceo qe grevoufe complcinte ad efte fait a noftre Seignur le Roi par les communes de fon E xf».

Roialme en ccfte parlement qe la ou diverfes briefs al feute de partie font feveralment direeftz as vif-counts du Roialme pur prendre diverfes perfones par lour corps mefmes les vifeounts apres les briefs a eux enfi direeftz preignent grandes fommes de moneye des parties qi font enfi purfuez pur lour mainprife et enou-tre les ditz vifeounts preignent grandes fommes de moneye pur embefder les briefes du Roi en diverfes cafes a grande impediment & arreriffement des parties purfuantz & grande oppreftion & empoveriffement de le commune poeple du Roialme. Et la ou briefs font direetz as ditz vifeounts pur empaneller diverfes perfones pur paffer en enqueftes parentre parties h lour nouns retourner & certifier en les courtes du Roi mefmes les’ vifeounts retournent & certifiount par vertue des ditz briefs les nouns des diverfes homnr.es empanellez fanz afeun garnifement a eux ent fait a lour grande perde & damage ordinez eft & affentuz qe chefcun vifeount pur ie temps efteant retourne les briefs a lui direAz en les courtes du Roi as tielx jour.-- come ils fount re-tournablez. Et qe mefmes les vifeountz facent garnir en temps refonable toutz ceux perfones empanellez pur pafler en enqueftes en les courtes uu Roi qils puiffent apparer a tielx jours come ils out par les briefs du Roi. Et li afeun vifeount face le contrarie dafeune des ditz articles adonqes la partie qi fe feute greve puiffe fuer par bille ou brief fur fon cas affaire veis.ie vifeount fihien en lefeheqer come cn afeun autre court du Roi cn queux feutes fi le dit vifeount foit conviifte qe la partie qi fue recovere en mefme la feute double damage. Et qe les juftices de pees fenefehalx des ler tes & hundredes eient po.ir denquerrer de tielx mefpri-fons Sl defauts des ditz vifeounts & de certifier lour ditz enquerrez devaunt les Juftices del deliverance iifint qils purrent mettre les parties a r. fpounce fur quele refpounce fils foient trove coupablez ils facent fyn & raunceon a noftre Seignur le Roi. Et endurera ccft ordinance tanqe al profehein parlement. Et qu.m.t a les leffiz au mainpriz foient les eftatuts faitz pardevaunt ft nientrepellez efteantz en lour force & tenuz Ik gardez en toutz points.	C	A P-,

A. D. 1425.

C. 2, 3.	Anno	quarto	Henrici	VI.

cap. ir.

A Rehearfal and Confirmation of the Statute of 9 Henry 5. cap. 3. touching Protections granted to thofe who were in the Wars in Normandy or France.

i«. Ex Rot. in Furr, Lond.

EXP.	TTEM	come	au parlement tenuz a Weftm' le feconde jour de Maij lan de regne le Roi Henri quint

s“ 14. Ed. 4. puis ]e conqueft picre a noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft ix. pur ceo qe la prife des affifes generalment fuit longement ceffez par tout le Roialme a caufe dune ordinance fait par le dit nadgairs R.01 confiderant les de-feafes b damages queux plufours de fes lieges avoient euz b fuftenuz parmy celle cel’.er commaunda qe les Jullices teignerent les affifes parmy fon Roialme par manere accuftume. Et.pur eviter defheritaunces des per-fones qe lors feurent paffez b paflerent en le viags du dit nadgairs Roy b auxi les p- rfones qi furent demur-rantz en le fervice mefme le Roi es parties de Normandie b de Fraunce ordinez eftoit b purveux qen chefcun protection ove la claufe V'olumus affaire pur qeconqe de mefmes les perfones ferreit en la claufe dexception contenuz en icelle omiffion de ceftes paroles affife nove diffeifine et qe toutz ceux protections foient alloua-blez b allouez pur eux b chefcun de eux en toutz les courtes du Roi b aillours ou tiele protection foit mis avaunt pur afeune tiele perfone en toutz plees daffifes fibien de novell diffeifine come de frefch force fanz afeun difficulte. Purveu toutz foitz qe les juggementz arendrez delors enavaunt en tielx affifes arrannez ou ar-rannerz ne ferroient mye prejudicielx as afeuns des ditz perfones iffint demurrantz en le fervice du Roi parde-la come devaunt eft dit qavoient afeun chofe en reverfion ou en remaindre en terres ou tenements dont tieux affifes furent ou ferroient arrannez fils qavoient en reverfion ou en remaindre en tielx terres ou tenements ne ferroient nomez en mefmes laffifes mes qels ferroient envers eux tout voidez et dureroit cefte ordinance tanqal parlement qi ferroit primerement tenuz puis la profehein revenue du dit nadgairs Roi en Engleterre. Et fi mefme lordinance touchant les duz perfones qi lors furent paffez ou paflerent en le dit viage ne fuit my fuf-ficiant pur leafe b feurte de eux Accordez fuit auxi b aflentuz qe les feigneurs du counfeill du Roi pur le temps efteantz averoient plein poiar par.auClorite du dit parlement de mettre ordiner b purvoir fufficiant re-medie pur leafe b feurte de treftoutz mefmes les perfones come pur eux b chefcun de eux fembleroit as ditz Seignurs pluis vaillable b expedient en la cas folonc lour bone advis b diferetions la quele ordinance eft determine par la mort du dit nadgairs Roi. Noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant le bone b greable fervice qe plufours de fes foialx lieges luy ount faitz b fount b faire covient de jour en autre es parties de pardela en le compaine de fon heal Uncle le Regent de France Due de-Bedford b de fes deputees b voillant pur tant pur lour eafe b feurte femblablement ordiner b purvoir en ceo cas de ladvis b affent des Seignurs efpirituelx b temporelx b auxi des Communes de cefte parlement ad ordinez qe la dite ordinance fait le dite an ixe eftoife come eftatut b ley effcCtuell b availlable en toutz points pur toutz perfones qi font au.prefent b ferront enapres demurrantz en le fervice du Roi en le companie du dit Regent ou de fes deputees cs parties de France & Normandie a durer del primer jour de Juyn lan du regne du noftre dit Seignur le Roi quoreft quart tanqal fyn de trois ans lor; profehein enfuantz. Purveu toutz voies qe toutz les entrees affairz apres le dit primer jour de Juyn ne foient comprifez en cefte prefent ordinance A qe null qi terra autielx entrees _apres lc dit primer jour, de Juyn ait afeun benefice de mefme lordinance.

Fbis follows Cap. V.upon the Roll.

%.R. 2. c. 4.	“

1 H. 5. f. j.	“

g H. 5. c. 4.	“

<< ((. (( u

CC

4C

C ( CC

CC

CC

CC

CC

5 Co. 45*

8 Co. 157. Dyer 260, 342.

cc

c

cc

«

c a p. m.

"Jiiftices in certain Cafes may amend their

IT E M, Whereas at the Parliament holuen at Wejlminfler the Second Day of May, the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Henry, Father of our Lord the King that now is, it was rehearfed, how that at the Parliament holdcn at IVeJlminJhr the xiv. Year of King Edward the Third, it was ordained by the Authority of the faid Parliament, That for Mifprifion of a Clerk, in whatfoever Place it be, no Procefsor Plea fhould be undone nor difeon-tinued, by Overfight in writing a Letter or Syllable too much or roo little, (2) but as foon as the Thing were perceived by Challenge of the Parties, or in other Manner, it fhould be haftily amended in due Form, without giving Advantage to the Party that challcngeth the fame becaufe cf fuch Mif-prifion ; (3) the faid late King Henry, confidering the Diverfitics of Opinions which Men had upon the faid Statute, and to put the Thing in more open Knowledge, did declare and ordain by Authority

Records according to former Statutes.

ITEM come au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le ij. jour du Maij lan du regne le Roi Henri pier noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft ix“ "reherce fuift content au parlement tenuz a 'Weftm’ Jan du regne'leRoi E. tierce xiiij ordeigne fuit par au£to- , rite du dit parlement qe pur mefprifion de clere en queconqe place ceo foit ne foit proccffe de plee aniente ne difeontinue par mefprendre • cn eferi-vant une lettre trop ou trop poy mes fitoft come le chofe ferra aperceive par chalange des parties ou en autre manere foit haftivement amende en du fourme fanz doner avantage a partie qe ceo chalange pur caufe de tiel mefprifion le dit nadgairs Roi Henri confiderant la diverfite doppi-nions qe 1cm avoit fur le dit eftatuit & pur mettre lc chofe en pluis overt 'conyfums dcclara b or-dina par audlorite du dit parlement tenuz de dit

an

A. D. 1425.	Anno quarto

Ex Rat. in Turr. Lond. an ix? qe les Juftices devaunt queux tiel plee ou recorde eft fait ou ferra pendant fibien par ajourne-ment come par voie derrour ou autrement eient poair & auiftorite damender tielx recorde & pro-cefle come devaunt eft dit folonc la fourme de mefme leftatuit fibien apres juggemcnt en tiel plee recorde ou proceffce renduz come devaunt le juggemcnt renduz en tielx plee recorde ou procefie tant come les ditz recorde & procefie foient devaunt eux en mefme la manere come Juftices avoient poair demender tielx recorde & procefie devaunt juggement renduz par force du dit eftatuit en temps le dit Roi E. fait come defuis la quele ordinance endureroit tanqe al profehein parlement qi ferroit primerment tenuz apres le revenue du dit Roi Henri lc pier en Engletcrre de pardela et la quele ore- eft determine par le mort du dit nadgairs Roi Henri le pier le Roi noftre fove-rein Seigpur par advis & afl'ent fuifditz ad ordine & eftablie qe le dit eftatuit & effedt dicell fait le dit an bcc teigne force vigour & effeft en chefcun recorde & procelTc fibien apres juggement renduz fur verdit pafle come fur matiere en leie plede come eftatut vaillable & effectuell en ley a toutz jours adurer. Purveu toutz foitz qe cell eftatut ne fe extende as recordes & procefies es parties de Gales ne as recordes & procefies par queux afeune perlone eft ou ferra utlage al fuyt daf-cuny.

C A

Henrici VI,

c-4>5-	535

of the faid Parliament holden the faid Ninth Year, That the Juftices before whom fuch Plea or Record is made, or lhall be depending, as well by Adjournment, as by Way of Error or otherwife, fhall have Power and Authority to amend fuch Record and Procefs, as well after Judgement given as before, by Force of the faid Statute made in the Time of the faid King Edward, which Ordinance fhould en-1 dure till the next Parliament, which fhould be firft : holden after the Return of the faid King Henry the : Father into England from beyond the Sea, and which ; now is determined by the Death of the faid late : King Henry the Father ‘ (4) Our Sovereign Lord, by the Advice and Aflent aiorefaid, hath ordained and cftabliftied. That the faid Statute, and the Effeft of the fame, made the faid Ninth Year, fhall hold Strength, Force, and Effect, in every Record and Procefs of the fame, as well after Judge-ment given upon a Verdidt palled, as upon a Matter in Law pleaded, as a Statute available and effectual in Law to endure for ever. (5) Provided always, That this Statute do not extend to Records and Pro-cefles in the Parts of IVales, nor to Records and Pro-cefles whereby any Perfon is or fhall be outlawed at any Man’s Suit.’

A Confirmation of the Statute of

14	Ed. 3. fiat, I. c. 6. Sc 9 H.

5.	c. 4. autho-rifing Juftices to amend Records,

See farther S H,

6.	c. 12	15.

10 H. 6. c. 4.

15 H. 6. c. 9. 5 El. c. 23. 27 El. c. 5. and 4 Ann. c. 16, <iL'hat Defefts may he amended and •what net.

IV.

The Writs, Suits, and Procefies now depending of certain that were late made Knights, fhall

not abate for that Caufe.

ITEM noftre dit Seignur le Roy de ladvis & aflent fuifditz ad ordine & eftablie qe toutz les briefs fuites E X P.

&	procefies qe toutz les chivalers qi furent faitz chivalers par le Roi en temps de ceft parlement tenuz ou pendantz & qe chefcun dc eux ad pendantz nient determinez foient bones & efr'edluclx nient abatablez par la ley par caufe quils font faitz chivalers ou par caufe qe afeune de eux eft fait chivaler.

C A P. V.

Licence given to all the King’s Subje&s to tranfport Corn.

ITEM come le nol le Roy Richard feconde puis le conqueft qe Dieu afloille a fon parlement tenuz a A Confirmation Weftm’ al quinfzeine de Seint Hillar lan de fon regne xvij. a la efpeciale requeft des Communes de mefme of the Statute of le parlement graunta licence a toutz fes lieges de fon Roialme dEngleterre defkipper & amefner blees hors Yvijf htcenceto du dit Roialme as queux parties qe lour plerra horfpris as enemys paiantz les fubfidees & devoirs ent duez®J""hse king's ° nient contrefteant afeun ordinance proclamation ou defenfe fait devaunt a contrarie Nientmiens mefme le Subjefts to carry nadgairs Roi vouloit qe fon counfeil purroit reftreindre le dit paflage qant lour fembleroit bofoignable pur Corn out of the profit du Roialme [Noftre Seignur 1; Roy a la efpeciale requeft des communes en ceft prefent parlement de ladvis & aflent fuifditz voet & graunte qe le dit eftatuit foit tenuz & gardez en toutz points iftint qe fon^ ec	'

counfeiil puifle reftreindre le dit paflage qant lour femblera pur profit du Roiaime.]	pealed	by	21	Jac.

I. C. 28. I & 2

Statutes made at Wefirfiinfter, Anno 6 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1427.

Ph. & M. c, 5.

1	Jac. 1. c. 25. 3 jac. 1. c. 11.

2	1 Jac. I. c. 28.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 7.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Weltm’ a la Quinfzifme de Seint Michell lan de fon regne vjme par advys & aftent des Seignurs elpirituelx & temporelx & al efpeciale requeft des Communes de fon Roialme 5

“ y^UR Lord the King, at his Parliament holder v | en tAlFeJhninJler, the Fifteenth ofSt.Michae!^

“ \_____r the Sixth Year of his Reign, by the Advice

“ and Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, “ and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Com-

“ mons,

536 C. I, 2«

Anno fexto Henrici VI.

“ mons of his Realm in the faid Parliament allethbled, “ hath caufed to be made- certain Statutes and Ordi-“ nances to the Honour of God, and.for the Weal and “ Eafe of his People, in^the.Manner and Form fol-“ lowing."	OJ	{	'Qd.n*	nit

, W’ s^iu tv/

.UJfcUi iA... ■

A. D. 1427.

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond. , en le Hit parkmerit' aftembfez ad fait faire certems eftatutz St ordinances a Ionur de' Dieu & pur le bien St eafe de fon poeple eh la forme qeri-fuyt.	'•	'	'

;n...

CAP. I.

Within what Time a Capias awarded againft any Perfon indidted in the King’s Bench fhall

be returnable.

3	Lift. 31.	“	THIRST, For that divers of the King's faithful

“ Subjects, by flife Pradtice, Covin, and Confpi-“ racy of certain evil Perfons, be indidted before our “ Lord the King in his Bench, of divers Felonies and “ Treafons, .by fufpedt Jurors, hired and procured to “ the fame by Confederacy and Covin of the faid C011-x‘ fpirators; (2) by Force of which Indictments a “ Capias is awarded to the Sheriffs of the County “ where the faid Bench is, returnable within two or ■“ four Days, at which Day, if the Party fo indidted v‘ Come no :, an Exigent is awarded, whereby the Goods ■“ and Chatties of fuch Perfons indidted be forfeit to “ our Lord the King, to the utter Undoing of divers “ of the King’s faithful Subjedts, as the fame our Lord “ the King hath conceived by the grievous Complaint “ of the faid Commons, made to him in the faid Par-“ liament‘ (3) our faid Lord the King, willing in ‘ this Cafe to provide Remedy, hath ordained, by the

6 af0>'$f‘vS.	‘	Advice and Affent * of the faid Lords, I hat before

‘ any Exgent be awarded again ft fuch Perfons indidted ‘ before the King in his faid Bench, Writs of Capias ‘ fhall be diredted, as well to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of ‘ the County, wherein they.he indidted, as to the She-

*	riif or Sheriffs of the County whereof they be named iiv the'Indictments ; (4) the fame Capias having the

*	Spare of Six Weeks at the leaft, or longer Time, by ‘ the Difcretion of the faid'Juftices, if the Cafe re-‘ quire it, before the Return of the fame ; (5) which ‘ Writs fo returned, the Juftices fhall proceed in the ‘ Manner as they have done before this Time: (6) ‘ And if any Exige/it be awarded, or any Outlawry ‘ pronounced hereafter againft fuch Perfons indidted,

*	before the Return of the faid Writs, the fame Exi— <-jfi;nt fo awarded, with the Outlawry thereof pro-*'‘flounced, fhall be void and holden for none. (7)

*	And this Ordinance fliall endure as long as fhall

C.«pW ?• H. 6. ‘ pleafe the King.’

c. 10. which is confirmed by 10 H. 6, c, 6.

EN primes pur ceo qe divers des loialx lieges noftre dit Seignur le Roy par fauy ymagina-tion comettement & conlpiracie des certeins male-fefours font enditez devaunt le Roy en fon bank de diverfes felonies & trefons par jurrours fufpeetz St a ceo par confederacie & conjedture des ditz confpiratours lowez St procurez par force des queux enditementz capias eft agarde al vifeount del countee ou le dit Bank eft retournable deinz ‘deux ou quatre jours a quell jour ft la partie endite ne veigne exigend’ eft agarde par qoi les biens & chateux des ditz enditz font forfaitz au Roy a final deftrudtion de divers des loialx lieges de noftre dit Seignur le Roy ft come mefme noftre Seignur ad conceti a la grevoufe compleint des ditz Communes a luy faite en le dit parlement noftre dit Seignur le Roy voillant en ceo cas pur-voir de remedie ad ordine par advys St aiTent fuifditz qe avant qe afeun exigende foit agardez envers tielx enditez devaunt le Roy en fon dit Bank foient briefs de capias direCtz ftbien al vifeont ou vilcontz del countee en le quell ils font enft enditez come al vifeount ou vilcountz del countee dount ils font liomez en les enditementz aiantz mefmes les capias lefpace des fys fepmains au meynes ou pluis long temps par les diferetions des Juftices ft le cas ceo requirt devaunt la retourne dicelles les queux briefs iffint retournez procedent les Juftices en maner come ils ount fait devaunt ces heurcs et ft afeune exigende foit agarde ou af-cune utlagarie pronuncie en apres envers tielx enditez .devaunt le retourne des ditz briefs foit celle exigende iffint agarde ovec la utlagarie ent pronuncie voide St tenuz pur null. Ft durera cefte ordinance tanqil plerra a' noftre Seignur le Roy.

CAP. II.

How long Time the Copies of Panels in A'ffife fliall be delivered to the Parties before the

SefTions of the Juftices.

3 Sn.t. 17;.

JTEM, Becaufe that divers of the King’s liege 'People in Times paft have been difherited, for that in fpecial Affifes the Tenants and Defendants could not have Knowledge nor Copy of the Panel of them that be impanelled to pafs in the faid Affifes, to inform them of their Right and Titles before the Day of the SefHon that the Affifes fhoulcl be demanded FV‘ (a.) our .’Lord the King, willing thereof to provide Remedy, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That the Panels of the Affifes fliall be arrayed, and a Copy indented of the fame by the 'Sheriff delivered to the Plaintiffs, Tenants, ana Defendants fix Days

ITEM pur ceo qe divers des lieges noftre Seignur >' le Roy avaunt ces heures ount eftez defheritz a caufe qen les efpeciales affifes les tenantz & de-fendantz ne purront my avoir conifancc ne copy de la panell de ceux qi font empanellez pur paifer en les ditz affifes pur eux enformer de lcur droit ■St titles devaunt le jour de la feffion qe les affifes ferront demandez Noftre dit Seignur lc Roy voillant de ceo purvoier de remedie ad ordine & eftablie qe les panel les des ditz affifes foient arraiez & copie endentee dicelles par le vifeount [deliveree a les plaintifs tenantz & defendantz par

vi. jours

537

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. vi. jours a meins devaunt la fellion des Juftices fi eux les demandent. Et qant a la retourne ou refpouncedes baillifs des fraunchifes facent ils lour retournez ou refponce as vifeountz en tielx ef-pecialx aflifes viij. jours devaunt la felTioii en ma-nere come defuis. Et ceo fur peine de xl. li. a paiers par les vifeontz ou bailliffs a noftre Seignur le Roy a taut de foitz come ils ou afeun de eux fount ou face la contrarie de cell ordinaunce.

*	at the leaft before the Seffion of the Juftices, if they ‘ the fame demand ; (3) and as to the Return or An-‘ Ever of the Bailiffs of Franchifes, they fhall make

*	their Returns or Anfwers to the Sheriffs, of fuch c fpecial Aflifes, fix Days before the Seffions in the ‘ Manner aforefaid ; (4) and that upon Pain of Forty ‘ Pounds to be paid by the faid Sheriffs or Bailiffs to

*	our Lord the King, as often as they, or any of t em,

do or caufe to be done contrary to this Ordinance or ' „. . , Statute.’

By 7 ;r. 3. C. 3,

C A P. III.

r fee. 7. Perfon s tried for High Treafois, Zee. fhall have Copies of Panels, Sc c.

The Juftices of Peace, &c. fhall alhgn the Wages of Artificers and Workmen by Proclamation ; and the Penalty of thofe that take more.

ITEM come ordine foit en le parlement tenuz a Cantebrigge lan xij. le Roy Richard feconde puis leE X P.

conqueft combien chefcun fervant de hufbondrie prendra par lan pur fon fervice. Et fi afeun face le Conferred hyltu. contrarie de cell ordinaunce k de ceo foit attcint qil paie ceftaffavoir fibien le donour come le parnour la®'	EJ>

value del exceffe iffiut done ou prife. Et al feconde defaute de lour atteindre la double value de tiel ex-</;4“‘ y D cefle. Et al tierce defaute la tierce valu. Et fi le dit parnour neit dount paier la dit excefTe qil avera la pri-fon de xl. jours. Et auxi par un autre eftatut fait al parlement tenuz a Weftm’lan. xiij. de mefme lenadgairs Roy ordine foit qe les juftices de la peas en chefcun countee en lour feffions tenuz entre Pafque k SeintMi-chell facent proclamation par lour diferetion folonc la chiertee des vitails comebien chefcun mafon carpenter teguler k autres artificers k overours k auxint artificers par joumes fibien en Auguftcome en autre temps del an folonc lour degree prendrent le jour ovefqe maungier k boier ou faunz maungier k boier entre les fefllons fuifditz come chofe par eftatut les queux eftatutz ne fount my gardez ne mys en execution ceftaifavoir le primer eftatut a caufe qe lc puniffement en ycell eft trop dure fur les maiftres des tielx fervantz en taunt qils lerroient deftitutz des fervantz fils ne voillent paffer lordinaunce del eftatut. Et le feconde eftatut a caufe qe null peine eft limite encountre celuy qi face le contrarie de mefme leftatut. Noftre Seignur leRoy voillantz en ceo cas purvoier de remedie ad ordine par auiftorite de cell parlement qe les juftices de pees en chefcun countee pur le temps efteantz k leMair de Citec deLoundres pur le temps efteant k les mairs & baillifs en chefcun citeq burgh k ville eiantz tiel poair & auiftorite come ount juftices de la peas qils defore aient poair k auiftorite de faire proclamation en lour plein feflion un foitz par an & enfy en chefcun burgh & ville marche deins lour jurifdiiftion comebien chefcun fervant de hufbondre prendra pur fon fervice par lan adonqes pro-chein enfuant k qils facent deux foitz proclamatiouns en deux feffions par eux a tener parentre les feftes de Pafque k feint Michell k en chefcun burgh k ville marche comebien chefcun artificer k overour prendra par le jour k par le fepmayn ove manger k boier ou faunz manger k boier fibien en Auguft come en autres temps del an. Purveu toutz foitz qe fi afeun foit retenu par le fepmayn pur hufbondrie 011 autre labour qil ne preigne riens pur les feftivalx jours en tiel fepmayn ne pur dimy jour pur les veigles des tielx feftes. Et qe chefcun tiel proclamation iffint affaire foit tenuz conte chofe par eftatut. Et fi afeun fervant artificer ou overour face le contrarie de tiel proclamation iffint affaire k de ceo foit atteint al fuite deRoy qil forface au Roy.chefcun temps la value de fon lower. Etfil nad dont faire gree au Roy qil ait la prifon de xl. jours faunz eftre leffe a bailie ou a maynpris en afeun maner. Et qe les juftices de peas mairs k baillifs avaunt-ditz pur le temps efteantz aient poair k auiftorite doier & terminer tielx offenfes fibien al fuit de Roy par fuggeftion k furmys come de partie qi foit en tiel cas greve k fur ceo de faire k agarder briefs de capias a tauntz des foitz qe lour femble bien affair envers tielx fervantz artificers k overours al fuite de chefcun qi foi fent en tiel cas greve retournable devaunt eux mefmes ou autres juftices de la pees mairs k baillifs pur le temps efteantz'a certein jour en lour feffion a quell jour fi tiel fervant artificer ou overour veigne devaunt les ditz juftices mairs ou baillifs par force des tielx briefs ou en autre maner qe mefmes les juftices mairs k baillifs aient plein poair & auiftorite dexaminer par lour diferetion fibien tielx fervantz artificers & overours come lour maifters comebien tielx fervantz artificers k overours preignent par lan par lc jour k par le fep-inayn. Et fils trovent par tielx examinations ou par plee parentre meifmes les fervantz artificers & overours & lour maiftres le contrarie eftre fait de tielx proclamations ilfint affairez qe les ditz fervantz artificers oyerours k laborers foient punys en la fourme fuifdit. Et qils rendent al partie greve fez damages a double. Et fi afeun de eux departe ou enfue en autre countee qe bien life as ditz juftices mairs Si baillifs pur le temps efteantz de faire k grauntier briefs de Capias tantz k tielx queux fount bofoignables direiftz as vifeontz des countees ou tielx fervantz artificers laborers k overours enfuent de prendre lour corps retournable devaunt eux a quel hoeur qe lour pleft iffint qe fils veignent par tiel procefte qils foient mys en prifon tanqe ils trovent fuififaunt feurte de bien fervir lour maiftres fufditz. Et qe ceft eftatut comencc a tenir lieu quant al punifiement des tielx fervantz retenuz par lan ou par la dimy an apres la feft de feint Michell prcchein avenir pur les offenfes cn cell partie par eux faitz apres mefme la feft. Et qc toutz les mairs Si baillifs queux fount gardeins du pees en afeuns citees villes ou burghs du Roialme pur le temps efteantz. aient femblable poair correiftion k execution du dit ordinaunce iffint affaire Si de toutz eftatutz de laborer deinz lez ditz citees villes Si burghs come les juftices du pees ont en lour countees. Et outre qe les-ditz juftices du peas en chefcun countee k les ditz mairs & baillifs en chefcun ti 1 citee ville Si burgh eiant poair k auiftoritee de faire proclamation k execution de k en les prennffez ficome devaunt eft dit. Et du-rera ccft ordinaunce tanqe al fyn del prochvin parlement.

Vol. I.	Z	z	z

CAP.

Anno fexto Henrici VI.

A. D. 1

427.

CAP. IV.

The Sheriffs Traverfe to an Inqueft found touching returning Knights of Shires for the -	Parliament.

“ TTEM, Where it was ordained and eftabliflied in JL the Seventh Year of King Henry the Fourth, “ Grandfather of our Lord the King that now is, that A Rehearfal of “ Knights of Shires for the Parliament fhould be chofen the statute of 7 “ jn the Manner and Form following; that is to fay, u	"	at the next County to be holden after the Delivery of

H. 4. c. 15

touching the Form of choofing of

Knights for the “ Parliament, (2) and that all they which be prefent Parliament,	there, as well Suitors duty fummoned for this Gattfe,

as other, fhall attend to the Election of their Knights “ for the Parliament; (?) and then in full County they “ fhall proceed to the Eleftion freely and indifferently,

Ex Rot. rh Turr. Lond.

ITEM comeordeigne foit & eftablie lan feptifme le Roy H. quart Aiel naftre Seie .nr le Roy qoreft qe ehivalers des coumees pur le parlement foient efluz en maner & fourme qenfuite ceftaffa-voir qe al prochein countee a tenir apres la livere de brief de parlement proclamation foit fait en

the Writ of the Parliament, Proclamation fhall be ; plein countee del jour & lieu de parlement & q< made in the full County of the Day and Place of the toutz ceux qi illoeqes fount prefentes fibien feu-

tours duement fummenez pur cell caufe come autres entendent a la eledtion de lour ehivalers piir le parlement & adonqes en plein - countee alent a la eledtion liberalment Sc endiferement' non obftant afeun prier ou commaundement a notwithflanding any Requeft orCommandment to the j contrarie he apres qils foient efluz foient les perfonz

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

contrary; (4) and that after they be chofen, whether “ fuch Perfons chofen be prefent or abfent, theirNames “ fhall be written in Ind.ntures, under the Seals of all “ the Choofers, and annexed to the faid Writ of Pa -“ Iiament, which Indenture, fo fealed and tacked, fhall be holden for the Return of the laid Writ, as to the Knights of the faid Shires : (3) And alfo in the Writs of the Parliament hereafter to be made, this “ Claufe fhall be put in the Manner as followeth : Et eledionem tuarn in plcno comitntu tun faft am dijlinfte & aperte fub figillo tuo & figillis earuin qui ckftiani illi interfuerint, nobis in cancellaria najlra ad diem & locum in brevt contcntas ccrtifices indilate. (6) And for “ that in the fame Statute no Pain was ordained, nor “ fpceially let upon the Sheriffs of the County, if they “ make their Return contrary to the faid Statute, it By the stat. of “ was'ordained and eftablifhed the Eleventh Year of ” 4 4,E'R. “ the faid King Henry the Fourth, That the Juftices mall inquire of “ °f Afiifes fhould have Power to inquire in their Sef-unduft Returns “ fions of Affiles of fueh Returns made ; (7) and if it of Knights of thecc be found by Inqueft and due Examination before the Parliament. cc fdme Jultices, that any fuch Sheriff hath made, or “ hereafter fhall make, any Return contrary to the Te-“ nor of the faid Statute, that the fame Sheriff fhould “ incur the Pain of an hundred Pounds, to be paid to <c our faid Lord the King. (8) And moreover, that ct the Knights fo unduly returned fhall iofe their Wages “ of the Parliament in old Times accultomed ; (9) to “ the great Mifehief of Sheriffs and Knights of the “ Shire, which be forebarred and put out of their An-“ lwer againft fuch Inquefts of Office taken before the “ faid Judges, bccaufe of the Statute aiid Ordinance <c aforelaid‘ (10) our Lord the King willing in this Cafe to provide Remedy, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That all the Knights of the Shires chofen for thi3 prefent Parliament, and the Sheriffs of the fame Counties againft whom any Inquefts or Offices of undue Eledtion be found before the^Juf-tices of Affifes, fhall have their Anfwer and Fra-verfe to fuch Inquefts of Office taken ; (11) and alfo all the Knights from henceforth fo to be chofen, and the Sheriffs that fhall make fuch Eledfions, fhall have their Anfwer and 'Traverfe to fuch Inquefts and Offices before any Juftices of Affifes hereafter to be taken ; (12) and the faid Knights and Sheriffs

The Kmgh-s c chofen for the c Parliament, and Sheriffs of Counties, may c have theirTra- <• vrrfe of an Of- c

fee found againft c them.

c

<

<

t

eflieux prefentz ou abfentz foient lour nouns ef-criptz en endentures defoubz les feales de toutz ceux qi eux eflifount Sc tachez au dit brief de parlement qude endenture iffint enfealez Sc tachez foit tenuz pur la retourne de dit brief qant as ehivalers des countees ct qe en brief de parlement 1 affair en temps avenir foit mys cefte claufe Et eleftionem tuam in plena comitatu tuo fia'ftam fub figillo tuo y figillis eorum qui el'eftioni illi inter-fuerint nobis n cancellaria nojira ad diem & locum pred'tftos certifies indilate. Et pur tant qe en mefme kftatut null peine fuift ordinez ne mys en efpecial fur les vifeountz des countees fils facent' afeun retourne al contrarie du dit eftatut ordine fuift Sc eftablie lan xj" le dit Roy Henry quart qe les Juftices as Affifes prendre eient poair den-querer en lour feffions des affifes de tielx retournes-. faitz he fi par enqueft Sc due examination trove, foit devaunt mefmes les Juftices qe afeun tiel vif-count eit fait ou faee en apres afeun retourne en-eountre la tenure du dit eftatut qe mefme le vif-count encourge h peine de C li. apaiers au noftre dit Seignur le Roy. Et outre ceo qe les chivakrs, des countees enfi nient duement rctournez perdent. lour gagez de pailement auncicnment accuftumez a trefgraund mefebief des vifeountz Sc ehivalers des countees qi fount forbarrez Sc oufteez de lour refpounce encountre tielx enqueftes doffice prifez devaunt les ditz Juftices a caufe de les ftatut he ordeignaunce fuifditz noftre Seignur le Roy voil-lant en ceo cas purvoir de remedic ad ordeigne he eftable qe toutz les ehivalers des countees pur cell prefent parlement efluz he les vifeountz di-celles countees envers queux afeuns enqueftes ou offices de noun due election font trovez devaunt les Juftices d.iffifes aient lour relpounces Sc travers envers les ditz enqueftes he offices et auxi toutz les ehivalers defore enavaunt iffint a eflierz Sc les _ vifeontz qi ferront tielx elections aient lour rer fpounce he travers envers tielx enqueftes & offices devaunt afeuns juftices des affifes defore appren-drez. Et ne foient les ditz ehivalers & vifeountz

endamagez

539

.A. D. 1427.

Anno fexto Henrici VI.

C. 5.

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond.	|

endamzgez cnvers nolire dit	Seignur	lc Roy	ou fes	c	fliall not be endamaged unlo our	faid Lord the	King,

fucceffours per afcun	tiel	enqueft	pris	ou	ap-	‘	or his	Succelfours,	lor any fuch	Inqueft taken	or	to

prendre tan'qe ils foient duement convibtz folonc ‘ betaken, until they be duly convibl according to the $Myarlt„ 3 H-ia forme de la ley.	‘	Form	of the Law.’	6.1.7. 10W. 6.

c. 2. 23 H. 6. r. 10, and i<.	27 H.	S. c. 26.	31; H.	S.	c.	ii. 7	S’	8 11'. 3.	r. 4, 7, S’ 25.	10 Ann. c. 23.	12 Ann. flat. 1. c.	3,	18 Gto.	2.	c.	IS.

19 GVc. 2. c. 28. <3/7^ 31 Geo, 2, c, 14. for the dm BlcSiton of Knights of the Shirts,

CAP. V.

Several Commiffions of Sewers fliall be granted. The Form of the Commiflion,,

ITEM noftre treflbverein Seignur ie Roy de ladvys A aflent fuifditz confiderantz les graurides damagez A perdcs qore tarde fount avenuz par les graundes creteines del eawe en diverfes parties du Roialme A qe plufours greindres damages font verifemblablement avenirs ft remedic ne foit haftivement puryeu ad ordine A graunte qe par dys ‘ans procheinement enfuantz leveralx com-'miffions dc fewer? fgient fajtz as diverfes perfones par le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant a nomers en toutz les parties de Roialme qe meftier ferra folofic la four me enfuant:

T E M, Our Sovereign Lord the King, by thef'omml^0j'r-of Advice and Aflent aforefaid, confiderihg	dflrillf

“ great Damage and Lofles, which now late be hap-fen yens. * “ pened by the great Inundation of Waters in divers “ Parts of the Realm, and that much greater Damage .

“ is very like to enfue, if Remedy be not fpeedily “ provided, hath, ordained and granted. That during “ Fen Years next enf-ing feveral Comniiflions of “ Sewers, fhall be made to divers.perfons by the Chan- ,

“ cellor of 'knglandfor the time being, to be fent into all Parts, of the Realm where fhall be needful, ac-“ cording to the Form that followeth

REX dileblis & fidelibus fuis A. B. & C. falutem. Scidtis quod cum wallie foflata guttere fewere pontesT|ic Form of calceta A gurgites per cofteram maris A marifei infra fines A limites de Lyndefey in comitatu Lincoln’^c^mmurion per impetum maris. flux.us A refluxus ac inundationes A trencheas aquarum dulcium per diverfa loca ad^_ g;w^s,. 23 mare defeendentium adeo rupta funt A confrabla quod quamplura dampna ineftimabilia pro defedtu repa-ratiqnis eoruntjem walliarum fofl'atorum gutterarum feyyerarum pontium calcetorum A gurgitum tempori-bus retroadlis evenerunt ibidem A adhub timendum eft quod longe majora infra breve tempus e’venient nifi fuper hoc celerius adhibeatur remedium oportunum Nos pro eo quod ratione dignitatis noftre regie ad Commifllonen providendum falvationi regni noftri Anglic circumquaque fumus aftricti Volentes in hac parte congruum A^1311 in8ulre of ieftinum remedium adhtberi Aflignayimus vos Ac. quorum Ac. ununi efte volumus jufticiarios noftros aft^""b^^vhofe predicta wallias foflata guctcras feweras pontes calceta & gurgites ac trencheas predibtas fupervidend’ & adDefauit they” inquirend’ per faeramentuin tarn militum quam aliorum proborum & legalium hominum de comitatu pre-happened, didto tarn infra libertates quam extra per. quos rei veritas melius feiri potent per quorum vel cujus defebtum inquiry who hujufmodi dampna contigerunt ibidem A qui terras & tenementa tenent vel communiam pafture feu pifearie Jl3t^o3”d^r in partibus predidtis habent vel etiam defenfionem commodum & falvationem qualitcrcumque habent velF“^ng t|’cre> habere poterunt tam periculo propinquiores quam ab eodein remotiores per predidta wallias foflata gutterasand who may feweras pontes calceta & gurgites ac etiam dampnum vel commodum per trencheas illas A ad omnes illoshave Lofs by the pro quantitate tcrrarumA tenementorum fuorum five per numerum acrarum five per camcatas pro rata^nnol'3nces> or portionis tenure fue feu pro quantitate communie pafture vel pifearie fue ibidem diftringendum una cum ballivis libertatum & aliorum locorum de comitatu A locis predidfis A ad predidta wallias foflata gutteras Diftrainiiig for feweras pontes calceta A gurgites in locis neceflariis reparand’ A ad ea vel alia quotiens A uhi necelfe fue-Reparations, rit de novo faciend’ ac ad trencheas predibtas in locis neceflariis mundand’ A ft neceffe fuerint obftruend’

Ita quod aiiquibus tencntjbus terrarum feu tenementorum hujufmodi vel communiam pafture feu pifearie habentibus diviti vel pauperi aut alter! cujufcumque conditionis jftatus ,vel dignitatis fuerit qui defenfionem NTone dial! be commodum A falvationem per predidta wallias foflata gutteras feweras^ pontes calceta A gurgites feu etiam(i,ared th?t dampnum per trencheas predidtas qualitcrcunque habent vel habere poterunt five fuerint infra libertates fiveJ?t,aj;'et“'‘.l'^c(., extra nullatenus parcatur in hac parte. Et ad agiftamenta fuper foflata maris pro falvatione partium predic-4 i\lod. 150. >-tarum juxta numerum acrarum live perticarum per vos Ac.'quorum Ac. unuin efle volumus de novo nume-j Co. 100. ' rand’ & quotiens A ubi necefle fuerit de novo faciend’ A ad certos diligentes A fideles cuftodes pro falvatione 10 Co. 141. predidta deputah'd’ A ad audiend computum de cbllebtorLbns denafiomm quos ex hac caufa levari A in repn-Taii;n, tj,e Ac_ ratione A emendadone didtorum walliarum foifatorum gutterarum fewerarum pontium calcetorum A gurgi-count of the turn aut obftrubtione trenchearum predidtarum poni contigerit A ad diftrlngend’ per vos Ac. quorum Ac. Colleftore. unum efle volumus vel per alios .quos ad hoc-duxeritis deputand’ pro. armragiis hujufmodi colledtionis quo-Diftrainlng for tieps opus fuerit A videritis expedire Ac ad ftatuta A ordinationes pro falvatione A confervatione coltere marislhe Arrearages

a. -----rx ---j:n._	.	-	i-	••	:	rr	•	, of the	Collec-

:’rtg of Or-

quam aliorum quor.umcunque coram yobis in hac parte conq.ueri volentium audiend’ A terminand’dinances for the fecundum legem & cemfuetudinem regni noftri Anglie ac confuetudinem mariici de Romeney fu.pra- Defence of the didti necnon ad tot folfatores A alios operarios A laboratores quot pro operationibus A reparationi-^a‘i13nIi3, bus predibjtis fuliicere poterunt pro competenti falario eis in hac parte folvendo ob grandem A fcltinam	w^

necelfttatem inltantem capiend’ A in operationibus A repajationibus predictis ponend'. Et ideo vobis;n the Repa-mandamus .quod ad certos dies A loca quos vos Ac. quorum Ac. unum efle volumus ad hoc providemis pre- rations.

4i£ta v/aiy^s foflata gutjaras feweras pontes calceta gurgites A trencheas fupervidcaiis A premiiTa omnia A

Z z z 2	fing’	la

54° C. 6.

Anno fexto Henrici VI.

A. D. 1427.

Punishment of them which do xwgtelt or refulc to repair their Portion afiigned. The Sheriffs and Jurors (hall be attendant upon the Com-milTioners of S wers.

5	H. 6. c. 3.

23 H. 6. c. 9*.

6	H 8. c. 10.

3 Jac. 1. c. 14.

7	Ann. c, 10. See farther concern ng Se wers 8 r. S. 1 Mar. ft at.

* Read c. 8.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

fingula faciatis Sc explcatis audiatis 8c terminetis in forma predi&a Ita quod pro defectu renarationis eorun-dem walliarum foffatorum gutterarum fewerarum pontium calcetorum Sc gurgit’im ac obftru&ionum tren-chearum preditftarum dampnum vel periculum aliquod non eveniat ullo modo. Et omnes illos quos negli-gentej vcl rebelles in reparationc 8c fa&ione portionum ipfos inde contingentium inveneritis per difti i&iones Sc amerciamenta ac aliis viis & modis quibus melius expedire videritis ad defe&us hujufmodi celeriter reficiend’ & emendand’ compellatis & omnia que per vos ordinari 8c fieri contigerint in hac parte tarn infra libertates quam extra faciatis firmiter obfervari fadturi inde quod ad juftitiam pertinet fecundum legem Sc confuetudi-nem regni noftri Anglie Salvis nobis amerciamentis ac aliis ad nos inde fpeflantibus. Mandavimus enim vi-cecomiti noftro comitatus predidli quod ad certos dies Sc loca quos vos &c. quorum See. unum effe volumus ei feire fac’ venire fac’ coram vobis &c. quorum &c. tot 8c tales probos & legales homines de balliva fua tarn infra libertates quam extra per quos rei veritas in premiflxs melius feiri poterit & inquiri. In cujus 8cc. Tefte See.

II. 8. c. io. 23 H. 8. e. 5.	25	H.	8.	c.	10.	3 &4 Ed. 6.

17. ZlV,& til, fejf. 2. l. 8. fee. 14. and 7 Ann. c. 9 S’ IO.

1 ette ore.

H. 6. c. 3. 18 II. 6. c. 10. 23 H. 6. e. 8. 12 Ed. 4. r. 6. 4 II. 7. c. 1. 6 11. 8. c. 3. c. 11, 13 El. c. g. 3 jfac. 1. c. 14. 12 Car. 2. c. 0. 22	23 Car. s. c. 17. 2 I:

CAP. VI.

All Merchants may fhip Merchandifc in Melcomb Haven, and carry them to Calais.

ITEM ordeine eft par audiorite Je mefme Ie parlement qe chefcun marchaunt fibien denfzein come alienc puiffe franchemcnt 8c fauvement elkepper lains quirs pealxlanuz & autres merchandifes de leftaple en le port de Melcombe en le counteede Dorfete 8c dilloeqes les amefner a leftaple de Caleys paiantz les cuftumez & fubfidies duez au Roy. Et qe null merchaunt foit empefches'moleftes ou greves par le Roy ne fes heirs pur null elkippefon des merchandifes avantditz en le dit port afeun ordinance efteant ou proclamation fait au contrarie nient obftant,

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 8 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1429.

“ fg'AO the Laud and Honour of Almighty God, “	I	and of the holy Mother the Church, our

“	JL	nioft noble Chriftian Lord Henry, by the

“ Grace of God King of England and France, and Lord “ of Ireland, in his Parliament holden at Weftminjler “ the Morrow after St. Matthew the Apoftle, the “ Eighth Year of his Reign, by the Advice and Af-“ fent of the Prelates and Great Men of his Realm of tc England, and at the fpecial Requeft and A (Tent of the Commons of the fame Realm being in the faid Par-v‘ liament, hath made certain Statutes and Ordinances “ for the common Profit of the faid Realm,, and efpe-“ dally for the good and wholfome Government and “ due Execution of the Law to be had in the fame, in. “ the Form following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 6.

AD omnipotentis Dei & fande matris ec-clefie laudem 8c honorem ChriftianiiTimus dominus nofter Henricus Dei gratia Rex Anglie 8c Francie & Dominus Hibernie illuftris in parliamento fuo apud Weftm’ in craftino fandli Mathei Apoftoli anno regni fui odlavo tento de avifamento 8c affenfu Prelatorum procerum & Magnatum regni fui Anglie & ad lpecialem re-quilitionem ac de affenfu Communitatis ejufdem regni in parliamento predifto exiftentium quedam ftatuta & ordinationes pro communi utilitate di£lf, regni 8c prefertim pro bona Sc fana gubernatione ac debita legis executione habend’ in. eodem fecit in forma fubfequentu

C A P. I.

The Clergy of the Convocation fhall have fuch Liberty as the Great Men aitd Commonalty

which come to the Parliament.

“ TTIRST, Eecaufe the Prelates,and Clergy of the I TN primis quia Prelati & Clerusregni. Anglie ad “ P Realm of England called to the Convocation,.; JL convocationem evocati eorumque fervientes 8c-“ and their Servants and Familiars that come with them familiarea qui cum eifdem ad convocationem hu-r‘ to fuch Convocation, oftentimes and commonly be jufmodi veniimt fepius ac frequenter areffantur “ arrefted, molefted, and’ inquieted;” ‘ (2) our faid moleftantur Sc inquietantur Volens igitur di&us ‘ Lord the King, willing gracioufly in this Behalf to dominus nofter Rex pro fecuritate 8c quiete diflo-f provide for the Security and Quietnefs of the faid rum Prelatorum & Cleri in hac parte profpicere ‘ Prelates and Clergy, at the Supplication of the fame . gratiofe ad fuppjicationem eorundem Prelatorum ‘ Prelates and Clergy, and by the Affent of the Great & Cleri: 8c de affenfu procerum Magnatum 8c ‘ Men and Commons aforefaid, hath ordained and Communitatis predidtorum ordinavit&ltatuit quod eftablifhed, 'l’hat all the Clergy hereafter to be called I vocandi in futurum ad convocationem Cleri pre-

2	1	textu:

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond. textu brevis regii eorunique fervientes 8c familiares eadem libertate five immunitate veniendo expec-tando 8c redeundo plene gaudeant 8c utantur per-petuis futiiris terhpdribus qua gaudent 8c gaudere confueverunt five gaudere debent in futurum pro-ceres five Magnates 8c Communitas regni Anglic ad parliaiftentum domini Regis vocati five vo-qtndi.

c

C

C

t

(

(

(

c

to the Convocation by the King’s Writ, and their Servants and Familiars, fhall for ever hereafter fully ufe and enjoy fuch Liberty or Defence in coming, tarrying, and returning, as the Great Men and Commonalty of the Realm of England, called or to be called to the King’s Parliament, do enjoy, and. were wont to enjoy, or in Time to come ought to H 4 c 6> enjoy.	JT h. 6. c. ir.

injii&s Penalty on tboje who ajjault any that com: to Parliament,

CAP. II.

No Merchants of England fhall enter into the Dominion of the King of Denmark, but at

Northbarn.

ITEM quia carillimus avunculus Regis Rex Dacic Norwegie & Swecie ficut ex intimatione fua idem do- Rep. i H. 8.

minus Rex accepit confiderans multiplicia 8c grandia perditiones pericula dampna 8c difpendia que tamc. *• fibi .& fuis quam aliis forinfecis St extraneis etiam amicis 8c fpecialiter fubditis didti domini noftri Regis de regno fuo Anglie ex introitu ingrelTu 8c tranfitu perfonarum hujufmoni forinfecarum 8c extranearum in reg-num fuum Norwegie 8c alia dominia diftri&us territoria jurifdidtiones 8c loca fibi fubdita Sc fubjedta prefertim in infulas fuas deFynmark 8c alibi tarn in perfonis quam in eorum rebus 8c bonis nuper evenerunt pro vitan-dis hujufmodi perditionibus periculis dampnis 8c difpendiis 8c ne fimilia quod abfit evenirent in futurum or-dinavit 8c ftatuit quod omnes 8c finguli extranei tarn Anglici quam alii ad 8c in regnum fuum Norwegie 8c alia dominia diftriftus territoria jurifdidtiones infulas et loca predi&a caufa obtinendi vel habendi pifees aut alia quecunque mercandifas five bona navigio applicare 8c accedere volentes applicent 8c veniant ad villam fuam dc Northbarn ubi didlus Rex Dacie ftapulam fuam pro concurfu extraneorum 8c fpecialiter Anglicorum ad exercitium hujufmodi mercandifarum ftatuit fpecialiter 8c ftabilivit concedendo dictis Anglicis quod ipfi ibidem gaudebunt in omnibus 8c per omnia eifdem favoribus privilegiis 8c prerogativis quibus gaudebant ipfi. de Hanla Volens igitur didtus dominus nofter Rex diledtionem affinitatem 8c amicitias que inter prefatuni Avunculum fuum incliteque memorie nobiles progenitores fuos regna terras dominia diftrictus territoria ju-rifdidtiones 8c loca fua predidta ac ipfum dominum noftrum Regem 8c indite recordationis nobiles progenitores fuos valfalos fubditos regna terras 8c dominia fua ab olim 8c a longiffimis retro temporibus coaluerunt firmiter obfervari nee aliquid per dominum noftrum Regem quod abfit aut fuos attemptari vel fieri per quod hujufmodi amicitiis prejudicium aliquod irrogari pofifet vel inferri aut inimicitie diffenfiones vel debate general de avifamento dominorum fpiritualium 8c tempo.alium ac Communitatum regni fui Anglie in prefenti parliamento congregatorum ftatuit prohibendo ne quis ligeorum vel fubditorum fuorum de regno fuo Anglie proprie temeritatis aufu contra ordinationem prohibitionem 8c interdidum ipfius Avunculi fui fuperius memorata 8c in contemptum eorundem regna terras dominia diftrictus territoria jurifdidiones 8c loca di&i Regis Dacie ingredi feu intrare prefumat fub pena forisfadure omnium bonorum fuorum mobilium 8c impel— fonamenti perfone fue ad voluntatem Regis.

CAP. III.

Commiflioners of Sewers may execute their own Ordinance.

ITEM noftre Seignur Ie Roi confiderant co-ment au darrein parlement tenuz a Wefttn’ lan de fon Roialme fifme ordine 8c grante eftoit par audorite dir dit parlement qe feveralx commifiions de fewers ferroient faitz as diverfes perfones par le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant a nomerz en toutz les parties de Roialme ou meftier ferroit fouz certein forme en les ditz ordinance 8c grante contenuz.par quelles ordinance 8c grante les ditz commiflioners navoient poair ne audorite de fair parfourner ne dexecuter les chofes comprifes deinz les ditz commiflions et pur ceo ad ordine 8c eftablie par audorite de cefte prefent parlement qe toutz tielx commiflioners aient poair pur fair or-diner 8c executer eftatuits ordinances 8c autres affairz folonc leffed. 8c purport de.z commiflions avauntditz..

(C

u

«

u

cc

((

44

44

u

u

44

Cfi

c

C

4

(

c

4

H. 6. c. lo, 23 H. 6. c. S', iz 4, c. 6.	4 H. 7. n 1* 6 H. 8.

c,	3 Jac♦ i, c, 14. iz Cary 2,. <v6, 22. G? 23 Can 2. c*. 17*

ITEM, Our Lord the King confidering how at6H.6.

the laft Parliament holden at tVeJlminJiery the fixth Year of his Reign, he did ordain and grant, by Authority of the faid Parliament, That feveral Com-miflions of Sewers fhould be made to divers Perfons by the Chancellor of England for the time being to be named, in all Parts of the Realm where fhall be needful, under a certain Form in the faid Ordinance and Grant contained ; (i) by which Ordinance and Grant the faid Commiflioners had no Power nor Authority to do, perform, nor execute the Things comprifed within the faid Commiflions ‘ (j) and therefore he hath ordained and ftablifhed, by Authority of this.Parliament, That all fuch. Commitfioners fhall have Power to do, ordain, and execute the Statutes, Ordinances, and other Affairs to be made according to the Effect and Purport of the faid1- , . Commifiions.’

c. 10. 23 H. 8. c. 5. 25 H. 3. c. 10. .3 S’4 EJ. 6, c. S. iMnr.fht. 3.C. n. icj; 2. W. & M. fejf, 2. c. 8. /ft. 14, 7 Ann, t. 9 & ro.

CAP,

Anno odlavo Henrici VI

A. D. 1429.

Rep. 3 Car. 1. 4.

C A P. IV.

None fliall buy nor wear a Livery to have Maintenance in any Quarrel.

ExRet.inTicr.hoxid.

TEM come ordinefoit par diyerfes eftatuits faitz en temps dez nobles progenitours noftre Seignur le Roi qe null chiyaler ou afcun autre de meindre eftate doneroit a (cun liveree <ftz draps qu des chaperons as autres qe a fes menialx & officers "& hommes. apprifez dune ley ou de lautre fur peine de C. s. deftre leyez del donour b xl. s. del parnour a taut de foitz qils facent le contrarie et cellity qi voet fuer eit la moitee du dite peine apres ceo qils foient ent duement convidtz et que juftices des affifes prendre & juftices de pais en chefcun countee dEngleterre aient poair de temps en tpmps en lour feffions denquerer dez ditz matiers b les oier & terminer come en lez ditz eftatuitz & ordinances pleinement appiert les queux eftatuits b ordinances ne ount mye cfte duement gardez a caufe qe icelx qi fiicqrif le contrarie djz ditz eftatuits £$ ordinances devaunt les ditz jullices ne poent eftre enditez pur graundes maintenances en icell partie euz. Noftre Seignur le Roi voillant del maintenance oufter ad ordine par lauclorite fuifdite qe lez juftices fuifditz aient poair par mefme laudlorite ftbien al.fuite. de Roi come del partie dagarder briefs de attach’ b. diftreife envers toutz ceux qi defore enavant facent le contrarie dez eftatuitz & ordinances fuifditz ei> les countees ou ils teignent lour i'effions direclz as vifcpunts-de mefmes les countees retournablez devaunt les ditz juftices ou lez juftices' pur le temps efteantz en lour feffions et ft retoume foit par lez ditz vifconts qe iceux vers queux les ditz briefs .ifleront ne'- oynt'riens' 'adotu{fcs foient agardez envers eux Capias ■& Exigend’ en manere come ferra fait envers 'eux qi font enditez devaunt juftices du paix des frefpas fait o.ve force b arm.es encountre le paix noftre Seignur le Roi. Et fils appargerit as afcuns des ditz briefs aient Jes ditz juftices poair par audio rite fuifdite deux examiner dez matiers fuifditz & ceux qils trovent par examination qi ont faitz le contrarie des ditz eftatuits & ordinances encoergant la peine en les ditz eftatuitz b ordinances comprifez ceftaftavoir le donour C.s. b ie parnour xl. s. a tant de foitz qils facent le contrarie en manere & forme come ils duiffent fils ent feuftent par enqueftes duement deyaunt lez <3itz juftices conviftz iffint qe les ditz eftatuits & ordinances foy extendcront qant a lekarijiHaricift as liveres depuis le feft de Nowell profehein avenir a donerz encountre la forme dez eftatuits devaunt ebs heures ent faitz. Purveu qe la dite ordinance fe extende ftbien en les countees de Ceftre & Lancaffre pur ^examination b procefle come devaunt eft dit de lejuftice de Ceftre ou fon lieutenant illceqes come pur examination de les juftices del countee de Lan-caftre enfi affairz encountre toutz iceux qi ferront le1 contrarie dez ditz eftatuitz b ordinances en temps avenir. Purveu auxi qe toutz eftatuits b ordinances devaunt faitz b nient repellez des liverees dez draps par Seignurs donez ou a donerz encountre la forme de mefmes les eftatuits eftoifent en lour force et qe ceft eftatuit ne extende my .qant al execution‘des examinations as Vifcounts deLoundres Mairs pur le temps qils font officers fergeantz de ley al temps qils preignent mefme leftate fur eux, b commenceours c'n lez Univer-fitees deinz le Roialme dEngleterre al temps de lour comencements ne as ceux qi par les temps fuifditz de eux preignent liverees. Et auxi qe toutz ceux qi preignont-afcu'ns tielx liverees de draps ou chaperons dalcun Seignur-efpirituel ou temporel ou dafeune dame de ou en Engleterre encountre la forme dez eftatuits fuifditz foient femblablement examinez & ptmiz en manere come ceux qi preignont tielx liverees dez chivalers ou autres de meindre eftate come defuis. Purveu toutz foitz qen temps de guerre bien life as Seignurs chivalers ■& efquiers qi travailleront en tiel guerre de doner lour liverees de vefture ou dez chaperons a lbur foudiours tielx & en tiel guyfe come meulx lour femblera b qe bien life a tielx foudiours de prendre & ufer tielx liverees de draps ou de chaperons pur le temps de tie! guerre fanz afeuneroent eftre moleftez en cell partie par force ou vertue de cell eft .ttjit. Et enoutre ft afeune .perfone de quell .eftate ou condition qil foit apres le feft de Nowel -fuifdit de fit- auftorite ’ demefiie b collages popres achate ou ufe pur fa vefture afcun draps ou chaperons appellez liverees del fort ou feute dafeun Seignur dame chiyaler cfquier ou autre perfone qigonqe -pur avoir.de eux fupportation lbcou'r ou niaintenaunce en afcun qucrell ou tAitre maner .qeconqe qil ent duement convidl par examination ou par. autre maner avaunt par eftatuitz decl&ree encoer-ge la peine devaunt limitee.de ceux qi .preignont liverees'dez Seignurs & autres perfonos fuifaitz et outre ceo eient Jemprifonement dun an entier fanz-eftre lefie au baill ou amairtprife pur lour faustee & ft till ymagi-nation en cejk partie.

I	I.	■	j	\	'	■	'	'	v	.	'	;	'

C A P. V,

'.Every Ci;y and Borough'Shall have a common Balance and Weight.

Who may buy WooJl and Yarn.

ITEM, Whereas by the Great Charter of the Liberties of the Realm of England, and by a Statute “ .made -the Twenty -(• fifth Ye n of King Edward the.Third, it was ordained, and by a Statute made in “ the .Thirteenth Year of King Richard the Second, “ confirmed,. . That one Weight and one Meafure “ fhould be through all the Realm of England, as well “ o,ut of the Staple as within ; (2) and in the fame Sta-tute of the faid.noble King Edward, -it is contain-

* Rcad 't pi. £. c. 9 & 10.

. „ H. 3. ftat- t c. 10*.

llH.yP'-l’

+ fX‘h-

14 Ed. 3. Hat. I. c. 12.

25 Ed. 3. Hat. 1. c. 6.J z7 Bd. 3. ftat.

~ c- 10. 31 EH.

TEM come.par -la-Graunde Chartre dez libertees du Rcialme b ’ par eftatuit fait lan xxvj’, du Roy E. tierce ordipe foit & par eftatuit fait lan xiij\ du Roi Richard le feconde confermee qe une pois b une mefure foit par-my tout le Roialme ftbien hors de leftaple come dedcinz b en mefme leftatuit du dit Roi E. ContCKU foit qe k -pois appellez Auncell pur

graundes

c* 5*	543

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. graundes damages & fotilx deceites faite par icell.a le commune poeple ;foit tout outrement left'ez 6c qe lez lains 6t1 toritz maners dez chofes poifat'lez achatezou venduz foient poi-fez par* ]a balance • iijint qe_la lartge de ba-launce jnencline. a dune partie ne .a lautre ovefqe poifes enfealez 6i accordant^ a leftandard de iefcheker et celuy-qi face le contrarie al damage del' vendoup’forface: au .Roi la value dfs bieni enfi poifez ou mefurez et ■ qe la .partie compleignant ait fez damages an quatreble. Et par le dit eftatuit du dit Roi Richard addez foit qe le trefpalTour foit emprifone par deux ans & face fyn 6c raunceon a la volunte le Roi et qe les juftices. du pees aient poair denqueter dez ditz defautes fibien al fuite de Roi come de partie Noftre Seigriur 'le Roi par audtorite de cefte parlement ad ordine qe lez ditz efta-tuitz foient fermement tenuz & gardez 6c eftroit-ment executz.. ,

. . .... .

*	'1	*	.	t> 1	>

Et enoutre pur efchuer plufours'graundes'mef-chiefs qount avenuz deinz le dit Roialme par lez ditz. auncelles et efpeciabnent pur deftraer la fauxetee de les rcgratours du file appellez Yernchoppers ordinez eft,.par noftre dit Seignur le Roi 6c par auctorite fuifdite qen chefcune. citee burgh Sc ville du Roialme foit une commune balance ovec communes poifes enfealez & accordantz a leftandard de lefcheqer fur la commune coftage du dite cite burgh ou ville en la garde- del mair ou conftables dicell as queux balaunces Sc communes poifes toutz les enheritantz de mefme la cites burgh ou ville qi nount tielx poifes & autres qount fils voil-lent puiffent franchement poifer fanz, rien erit paier preignant nhntmeins dez foreins pur chef-cune trett dedeinz le pois de xl. li. i. qua’ Sc pur chefcun trett parerrtre xl. Sc C. li. i. ob. Sc p.ur chefcune trett parentre C. et A li, i. d. a. Ie pluis dont lez poifes ferront maintenuz Sc lofficer loialment poitint regardez par la difere-tion des chiefs dicell citee buryh ou. ville fo-lonc fa entendance a la dite occupation foit i! pluis ou meins. Et qe null homme achate file dc laine appelle Wollenyern- fil ne voet ent faire drap ne ufe pois ne mefure ne autre chofe en lieu de pois ou mefure qe ne foit enfealez. Sc accordant a le dit eftandard ne mette afeun chofe a icell par voie de pendure ou coverture ou en afeun autre maner qe puiffe encrecer la mefure ou le pois 011 empe lier la balaunce pur avoir fon naturell cours fur les forfeiture Sc peine defuifditz. Et qe les jufti.es de pecs mairs baillifs Sc fenefehalx des fraunchifes aient poair par auctorite fuifdite dexaminer. les tref-pafiours en ceo cas Sc pur enquerer en efpe cial de toutz trefpaffours encountre cell ordinance Sc a fair execution di eux qi fount tro-vez defedtifs par enqueftes ou par examination affair par lez ditz juges ou officer en ceo cas en . maner. come defuis eft dit. Et qe cefte ordinance foit tenuz Sc oblervez de le feft de

“ ed, That the Weight called Auncel, for the great i.c.i. 34 EJ. 44 Hurt and fubtile Deceits done by the fame Meafure 3-c- 5 ^6-ft4. to the common.People, (hall be utterly left, and fet ‘3 R- *■ 44 .apart, (3) and i.he Woolls, and all other Manner of'"A 2. c. 4,

44 MerchandifeS, and all other Tilings weigbable, 5 “ bought or fold, fliall be weighed,by the Balance, fo 4-4 that the Tongue of the Balance do not incline more “ to the one Party than the other, with Weights fealed,

44 and according to the Standard of the Exchequer ;

44 (4) .and he that doth contrary, to the Damage of the “ Seller, fhall forfeit to our-Lord the King the Value -44 of the Goods fo weighed or meafured; (5) and that 44 the Party Complainant fhall have his quatreble Da-44 mlges. (6) And by the fa.id Statute of the faid 110-44 ble King Richard, it was added, That the Offender 44 fhall be imprifoned by two Years, and make Fine 44 and Ranfom at the Will of our Lord the King; (7)

“ and that the Juftices of Peace fhould h..ve Power to 44 inquire of the faid Defaults, as well at the Suit of “ our Lord the King, as the Parties;” ‘ (8) our Lord 4 the. King, by the Authority of tiffs Parliament, hath 4 ordained and eftablifhed, That the Statutes and Or-‘ dinances aforefaid fhall be firmly kept and holden,

4 and ftraitly executed.’

‘ II. And moreover, for to efehew divers great Mif-4 chiefs which have happened within the Realm of ‘ England by the faid Auncel, and e.fpecially for to 4 deffroy the Falfhood of the Regrators of Yarn, cal-4 led-Term Choppers, (2) it is ordained by out faid Lord 4 the King, by Authority aforefaid, That in every Every City,

4 City, Borough, and Town of the Realm of Eng-Borough, and c land, a common balance fhall be, v/ith common Town, fliall 4 Weights fealed, and according to the Standard °fBalanceand'°B 4 the Exchequer, upon the common Cofts of the faid Weights.

4 City, Borough, or Town, in the keeping of the 4 Mayor or Conftable ‘of the fame; (3) at which Ba-4 lance and common Weight, all the Inhabitants of 4 the fame' City, Borough, or Town, that have not 4 fuch Weights, and other'that have, if they will,

4 may freely weigh without any Thing paying; (4)

4 taking neverthelefs of Foreigns for every Draught 4 within the Weight of xl. li. a Farthing, and for every 4 Draught' betwixt Forty Pound and an Hundred 4 Pound,, an Halfpenny and for every Draught be-4 twixt an Hundred Pound and a Thoufand Pound,

4 a Penny at the moft ; (5) whereof the Weights fhall 4 be maintained, and the Officer lawfully weighing 4 rewarded by tfhe Difcretion of the chief Men of the 4 City, Borough, or Town, according to hi? Attend-4 ance to his faid Bufinefs, be it more or lefs. (6j Man ^11 4 And that no Man buy Yarn of Wooll, called Wool-buy Woollen 4 len Yarn, unlefs he will make Cloth thereof, nor Yarn, unlefs 4 ufe Weight nor Meafure, nor other Thing in the wl11 mzl4“

4 Place of Weight or Meafure, that is not fealed ac-4 cording to the faid Standard, nor fet any Thing to0. 28.	?

4 the fame by the Way of Tacking or Hieing % or in a By way of 4 any other Manner that may increafe the Meafure or hanging or co-4 Weight, or let the Balance to have his naturalvering.

4 Courfe, upon the Forfeiture and Penalty aforefaid.

* (7 And that the Juftices of Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs,

4 and Stewards of trail hifes, have Power by Autho-4 rity aforefaid to examine the Trefpailers in this Cafe,

4 and to inquire in efpecial of Offenders againft this 4 Ordinance, and to do Execution of them that be 4 found faulty by Inquefts, or by Examination to be ‘ made by the faid Judges or Officers in this Cafe, in 4 the Manner as afore is faid. (8) And that this Or-

s dinance be holden and obferved from the Feaft of ‘ Eajler next cnfuing, for ever. (9) And that every TheForfc.twe « City, upon Pain of Ten Pounds, every Borough Town wanting ‘ uPon Pa*n °f an Hundred Shillings, and every Town common Ba- ‘ where a Conftable is, upon Pain of Forty Shillings, lance and ‘ have a common Balance with Weights according to Weights. <■ the faid Standard, within two Months after Procla-H 6 c 6 & 8 1 mat*on made of this Ordinance; which Penalty fhall 11 H. 6. c. 8. ‘ be levied to the Ufe of our Lord the King, as often as 11 H. 7. c. 4. ‘ they fhall be faulty after the faid Proclamation.’

Farther providedfor by iz //. 7. c. 3. 16 Car. 1. c. 19. and zz Car. Z. c. 8,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Pafqe profchein enfuant pur toutz jours, Et qe chefcun citee fur peine de x. li. chefcune burgh fur peine de C. s. St chefcune viile ou: un coneftable eft fur peine de xl. s. ait unc commune baiaunce ovec poifes accordantz a .le dit eftandard dedeinz deux mois apres proclamation faite de cefte ordinance les quelles peines ferront levez al oeps de Roi a tant de foitz qils ferront trovez defedtifs depuis la proclamation defluifdite.

CAP. VI.

If any threaten by calling of Bills to burn a Houfe, if Money be not laid in a certain Place; and after do burn the Houfe : Such burning of Houfes fhall.be adjudged High Treafon.

Rep. 1 e<1. 6. T T EM pur ceo qe noftre Seignur le Roi a la grevoufe complaint a luy fait par les Communes de fon c. ii.	JL Roialme en cell: parlement ad entendu qe diverfes graundes mefchiefs St fubtielx felonies ou robberies

9 Geo. 1. c. 2i. ore tarde font avenuz St faitz en la viile de Cantcbrigge St aillours en lez countees de Cantebrigge St Effex ^ndheiuT'dc^ en autrcs lieux dEngleterre par gents malefefours defconuz aueux fount diverfes billes dire&z as diverfes mattdinr'MweJ. gen;s de mefmes les viile countees St autres lieux dEngleterre lour comaundant de mettre diverfes graundes fommes dargent en certeins.lieux ou lez ditz mesfaifours ceo purront legierment emporter fanz eftre prifez ou aperceux certifiantz en lez ditz billes qe fils ne mettent lez deniers en les lieux par lez ditz billes aflignez as certein jour qe lez ditz mesfaifours ferrount le pluis graunde St outrageous vengeaunce qils poient a toutz iceux qi ne voudrent my tielx fommes illoeqes mettre. Et pur ceo qe tielx fommes nount pas efte mys en diverfes lieux folonc le purport de mefmes les billes plufours meafons biens & chateux de diverfes perfones ount eftee felonoufement St traiteroufement au Cantebrigge & aillours en les countees St lieux fuifditz arfez St tout outrement anientez parount le poeple de les viile countees St autres lieux fuifditz fount graunde-ment empoeverez & en point deftre finalment deftruitz mefme noftre Seignur le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoier de remedie ad ordinee par audforite de ceft parlement qe toutz tielx arfures dez meafons de qiqe perfone foient adjuggez haut trefon. Et qe cefte ordinance fextende auxibien a tielx arfures faitz puis le primer jour du regne de noftre Seignur le Roi tanqe en cea come as arfures affairz en temps avenir Salvant toutz foitz as toutz Seignurs & autres perfones lour libertees & fraunchifes ficome ad efte fait & ufe devaunt ccs heures en cas de forfaiture de felonie.

C A P. VII.

What Sort of Men fhall be Choofers, and who fhall be chofen Knights of the Parliament.

7 II. 4. t. TJ. 6 H. 6. c. 4.

The Qualifications of the Ele&ors.

1 H. 5. c. 1. to H. 6. c. 2.

What is required of the Candidate;.

“ TTEM, Whereas the Elections of Knights of “ X Shires to come to the Parliaments of our Lord “ the King, in many Counties of the Realm of Eng-<c land, have now of late been made by very great, “ outragious, and exceflive Number of People dwel-<c ling within the fame Counties of the Realm of Eng-“ land, of the which mod Part was of People of finall “ Subftance, and of no Value, whereof every of them “ pretended a Voice equivalent, as to fuch Eledlions to “ be made, with the raoft worthy Knights and Efquires 44 dwelling within the fame Counties, whereby Man-“ flaughters, Riots, Batteries, and Divifions among the “ Gentlemen, and other People of the fiimc Counties, cc fhall very likely rife and be, unlefs convenient and “ due Remedy be provided in this Behalf;” ‘ (2) our ‘ Lord the King, confidering the Premiftes, hath pro-‘ vided, ordained, and ftablilhed, by Authority of this 1 prefent Parliament, That the Knights of the Shires ‘ to be chofen within the fame Realm of England to ‘ come to the Parliaments of our Lord the King here-1 after to be holden, fhall be chofen in every County ‘ of the Realm of England, by People dwelling and re-* fident in the fame Counties, whereof every one of c them fhall have free Land or Tenement to the Value ‘ of Eorty Shillings by the Year at the leaft above all ‘ Charges; (3) and that they which fhall be fo chofe

ITEM come lez eleiftions dez chivalers dez countees efluz a venir as parlements du Roi en plufours countees dEngleterre ore tarde ount efte faitz par trop graunde St exceflive nom-bre dez gentz demurrantz deinz mefmes les countes dount la greindre partie eftoit par gentz finon de petit avoir ou de null valu dount chefcun pretende davoir voice equivalent quant a tielx elections faire ove les pluis valantz chivalers ou cfquiers demurrantz deinz mefmes Ics countes dount homicides riotes baterics Si de-: vifions entre les. gentiles St autres gentz dc mefmes les countes verifemblablement fourdront St ferront ft covenable remedie ne foit purveu en celle partie noftre Seignur le Roy confide-rant les premiftes ad purveu St ordene par auc-torite de ceft parlement qe les chivalers des countes deins le Roia’me dEngleterre a efliers a venir a les parlements en apres a tenirs foient efluz cn chefcun counte par gentz demurrantz St refeantz en icelles dount chefcun ait frank tenement a le valu de xl s. par an al meins outre les reprifes St qe ceux qi ferront qnfy efluz foient demurantz St refeantz dcins mefmes

C. 8; 9.	545

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lon.d. mes les conntes Sc ceux qi ount ]c greindre nonibre de yceulx qi poient expendrc par an xl s. Sc outre come deiuis eft dit fohnt retour-nez par les vifcontz de chefcun countee chi-valers pur le parlement par indentures enfeal-les parentre les ditz vifcountz Sc les- ditz efli-fours ent affaires. Et eit chefcun vicont dEng-leterre poair par audiorite fuifdite dexaminer fur les feintz Evangelies chefcun tiel elifour comc-b'cn il post expendre par an Sc ft afcun vif-count retourne chivalers pur venir au parle-mcnt au contrarie de yceft ordinaunce qe les Juftices des aflifes en lour fefiions des aflifes aient poar par audiorite fuifdite de ceo enqucr-er. Et ft par inqueft ceo foit trove devaunt mefmes les juftices Sc le vifcount de ceo due-ment atteint qadonqs le dit vifcount encourge la peine de C. li. a paicrs a noftre Seignur le Roy & auxi qil ait imprifonement par un an faunz eftre leffez au bailie ou mainprife & qe les chivalers pur le parlement au contrarie la dite ordinance retournez perdent lour gages.

Purveu toutfoitz qe celluy qi ne poet expendre xl s. par an come deiuis eft dit ne foit en afcun manere eflifour des chivalers pur ie parlement. Et qe en chefcun bricfe qe iffera en apres as vifcount pur eflier chivalers pur le parlement foit mention fait des ditz ordinances.

23. iz Ann. flat. 1. c. $& (?.	13 Gto. z. c. 1

(hall be dwelling and refident within the fame Coun- 6 H. 6. c. ties; (4) and luch as have the greateft Number of^''Td10 them that may expend Forty Shillings by Year and ’ c' I 2 *' above, as afore is laid, fhall be returned by-the She-, riffs of every County, Knights for the Parliament,, by Indentures fealed betwixt the faid Sheriffs and the. faid Choolers fo to be made. (5) And every Sherift'F115 Sheriff of the Realm o{ England fhall have Power, by the^’1’®^”'^*0 faid Authority, to examine upon the Evangelifts eve-	upon

ry fuch Choofer, how much he may expend by theq., i> tuuchine Year ; (6) and if any Sheriff return Knights to coir.e ffqr Eftjtcs.

to the Parliament contrary to the laid Ordinance, the J.u.lr,ces 01 ft1'-Juftices of Aflifes in their Seflions of Aflifes fhall have J'l®," Vrns ‘Pow

Juft

Power, by the Authority aforefaid, thereof to inquire; „f Knights to and if by Inqueft the fame be found before the.Pailiament. Juftices, and the Sheriff thereof be duly attainted, 1’«n3lJy on lhe that theii the faid Sheriff fhall incur rhe Pain of an hundred Pounds, to be paid to our-Lord the King, ,, h J, c.’,. and all'o that he have Imprifonment by.a Year, with-.--; H. 6. c. 15 out being let to Bail or Mainprife ; (8) and that the.Rjtf. 446. Knights for the Parliament returned contrary to the Knighis fairly faid Ordinance, fhall lofe their Wages.	..’4".”^	<hiil

‘ Provided always, That he which cannot expend v/jffj'""

Forty Shillings by Year, as afore is faid, fhall in no rur'thc, wife be Choofer of the Knights for the Parliament;

(2) and that in every Writ that fhall hereafter gos. c. z6. forth to the Sheriffs to choofe Knights for the Par-8- c-n- . liament. Mention be made of the faid Ordinances.’ ,tr' c' 4 * & *:

* r	25.	10	.'inn.	t.

■ 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. and 31 Gto. 2. e. 14 .for the due Elcft.on of Knights of the Shires.

1

c It.

y&s

The Statute of 6 Hen. 6. c.

CAP. VIII.

3.	confirmed, touching the Wages of Labourers, Servants, Artificers, and Workmen.

ITEM come cn le darrein parlement ordine eftoit un bon Sc notable eftatut Sc ordinance des fervauntzRer‘ 5 E1‘ C-'J* artificers overours & laborers comebien chefcun deux prendroit par lan dymy an jour ou fepmain Sc dautres chofes comprifes dcinz mefmes leftatut Sc ordinance les quelles ore fount expires a caufc qils ne furent ordinez a durer forfqe au profehein parlement dclors a tenir Noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant qe les ditz eftatutz Sc ordinance furent alors faitz pur le bien Sc profit de fon Roialme Sc qils ferront molt profitables a mefme le Roialmc fils purroient endurer St eftre obfervez ad ordinez par auclorite de ceft parlement qe les ditz eftatut & ordinance foient tenuz Sc gardez Sc mys en due execution tanqe le Roy ad autrement declare fa volunte en plein parlement.

C A P. IX.

The Duty of Juftices of Peace where Land is entered upon or detained with Force.

I I’EM come par le Roy Richard nadgairs

Roi dEngleterre puis le conqueft feconde a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemain des almes lan de fon reign xvnc entre autres chofes ordinez eftoit Sc eilatdiez qe les cllatuts & ordinances faitz Sc nient repellez de ceux qi fount entrees ove fort main en terres tenementz ou autres poffeflions qcconqs Sc lour teignent eins »vc force et auxi de ceux qi fount infurredlions riotes routes chivaches ou affembles en dillourbance de la peas on de la commune ley ou en affraie del

poeple ferroient tenuz Sc plenerncnt executes.

Et outre ceo ordine eft par meftne leftatut qe

toutz les foitz qe tiels forcibles entres foient faitz

& pleint ent veigne as jufticeg de peas ou afcun

deux qe mefmes les juftices ou.juftice preignent

ou preigne poair del countee Sc voifent ou voife al lieu ou tiel force foit fait Sc fils trovent ou trove Vox.. I.

“ TTEM, Whereas by the noble King Richard Tlic Statute of “ JL late King of England, after the Conqueft the Se- n R. 2. c. z. “ cond, at his Parliament holden at JVjlnunJler the tm,cllins For* “ Morrow after All-Souls, the Fifteenth Year of his c‘!’le Ef”Ir,e,j “ Reign, amongft other Things, it was ordained and ccnfi'med.Jn “ eftabliflied, 1 hat the Statutes and Ordinances made, Co. 48.

“ and not repealed, of them that make Entries with :job- 94-“ ftrong Hand into Lands or Tenements, or other Pof-“ feflions whatfoever, and them hold with Force, and30 '

“ of them that make fnfurreclions, Riots, Routs, Ri-“ dings, and Affemblies, in Difturbance of the Peace,

“ or of the Common Law, or in Affray of the People,

“ fhould be holden and fully executed. (2) And more-“ over it is ordained by the fame Statute, That at aU “ Times that fuch forcible Entries be made, and Com-“ plaint thereof come to the Juftices of Peace, or any “ of them, that the fame Juftices or Juftice fhall take <c the Power of the County, and fhall go, or one of “ them fhall go, to the Place where fuch Force is made ;

A a a a	“	(3)

546 C. 9.

Anno odlavo Henrici VI. A. D. 1429.

tc

cc

<<

(C

€ t

Trie TVfc&s of cc r‘ne Statute of i 5 i<. 2. c. 2. *c

Pllrn"r i77.	„

cc

7'iiC O.T.ce snJ c-f <>' ju- c ;?:> ,s or Peace ( v. h -T-. s j:y for-rihV Entry is 4 run tie into	(

i.jnds, or c peaceable Entry, ( and alter dota.n-ing with l erce.

C01 chew* 40. c

7 Leonard 327. c The Remedy c vlicre ary Per- c !**n crtcrinji by < I ore? doth alicne the fime	c

Land to have { M j.rtenance. c 1 R. z. e. 9. c L\er 1z 2, 107.

9 Co. j 1X.

IT Co. Or. c 7 Ed. 4. f. iS.

/q) and if they find, or he findeth, any holding fuch Place forcibly, after fuch Entry made, they lhould betaken and put in the next Gaol, there to remain convidt by the Record of the fame Juftices or Juf-tice, until they have made Fine and Ranfom to the King ; (4) and that all the People of the County, as well Sheriffs as other, fhall be attending to the faid JufHces, and to afiift them to arreft fuch Malefactors, upon Pain of Imprifonment, and to make Fine and Ranfom to the fling. And that in the fame Manner be done of them that make forcible Entries into Benefices or Offices of holy Church, as in the fame Statute is contained more at large,

“ II. And for that the faid Statute doth not extend to Entries in Tenements in peaceable Manner, and after holden with Force, nor if the Perfons which enter with Force into Lands and Tenements, be removed and voided before the coming of the faid Juftices or j office, as before, nor any Pain ordained if the Sheriff do not obey the Commandments and Precepts of the faid Juffices for to execute the faid Ordinance, many wrongful and forcible Entries be daily made in Lands and Tene rents by fuch as have no Right, and tlfo divers Gifts, Feoffments, and Tif-continuances fometimes made to Lords, and other puiffant Perfons, and Extortioners within the faid Counties where they be converfant, to have Maintenance, and fome times to fuch Perfons as be unknown to them fo put out, to the Intent to delay and defraud fuch r’ghtful Poffeffors of their Right and Recovery for ever, to the final Difhcrifon of divers of the King’s faithful liege People, and likely daily to incrcafe, if due Remedy be not provided in this Behalf:” ‘ (2) Our Lord the King confider-ing the PremilTes, hath ordained. That the faid Statute, and all other Statutes'of fuch Entries or Alienations made in Times paff, fhall be holden and duly executed ; (3) joined to the fame. That from hence forth where ant' doth make any forcible Entry in Lands and Tenements, or other Poffeffions, or them hold forcibly, after Complaint thereof made with it the fame County where fuch Entry is made, to the Juffices of Peace,_or to c*ns_of them, by the Party grieved, that the juffices or Juftice fo warned,-within a convenient Fine fhall caufe, or one of them fhall caufe, the faid Statu e duly to be executed, and that at the Cofts of the Party fo grieved.

‘ III. And moreover though that fuch Perfons making fuch Entry be prefent, or clfe departed before the coming of the faid Juffices or Juftice, notwithftand-ing, the fame Juffices or Juftice in fome good Town next to the Tenements fo entered, or in fome other convenient Place, according to their Difcretion, fhall have, or either of them fhall have. Authority and Power to inquire by the People of the fame County, as well of them that make fuch forcible Entries in Lands and Tenements, as of them v/hich the fame hold with Force ; (2) and if it be found before any of them, that any doth corkrary to this Statute, then the faid Juffices or Juftice fhall caufe to refeife the Lands and Tenements fo entered or holden as afore, and fhall put the Party fo put out in full Pofleflion of the fame Lands and Tenements fo entered or holden as before. (3) And if any Perfon, after fuch Entry into Lands or Tenements holden with Force, make a Feoffment or other Difcontinuance to any Lord or other Perfon, to have Maintenance, or. to

Ex Rat., in Turr. Lond. afeuns tenauntz tiel lieu forciblement apres tiel entre fait foient prifez b mifez en profehien gaole a y demurer convi’dtz dc record de me fines les juffices ou juftice tanqe ils eient faitz fyn & raun-ceon au Roy. Et qe toutz gentz de counte ftbien vifeountz come autres foient entendantz as ditz juffices de eux enforcier pur areftier tiels male-fftifours fut peine demprifonement b de faire fyne & raunceon au Roy. Et qe en mcfme le manere foit fait de ceux qi fount forcibles entres en benefices ou office de-feint efglife come en mefme leftatut eft contenuz pluis au plein.

Et pur taunt qe le dit eftatut nextende my as-entres en tenementz en peifible manere b apres tenuz ove force ne ft les perfones qentront ove force en terres ou tenementz foient remoevez b voidez devaunt le verm des ditz juftices ou juftice come devaunt ne null peine ordine fi le vilcount ne obefe my les maunderrentz b precepts des ditz. juftices pur executier lordinance fuifdit plou-fours torcenoufes & forcibles entres fount faitz de jour en autre en terres b tenementz par ceux qi droit nount. Et auxi diverfes douns feoffementz b difcontinuances. afeun foitz faitz as Seignurs & autres perfones puiffantz b extprtioners deins les countes ou ils fount converfantz pur maintenance avoir b afeuns foitz as tiels perfones enfy ouftez difeonuz a tiel entent pur delaier b defrauder tiels droiturelx poffeffours de lour droit b recoverer a toutz jours a final difheritefon de plufours des foials lieges de Roy & l’emblable eft dencrefcer de jour en autre fi du remedie ne foit purveu celle partis. Noftre Scignur le Roy con-liderant les premiffes ad ordene qe le dit eftatut & toutz autres eftatutz de tiels entres ou alienation devaunt faitz foient tenuz b duement exe-cutz Ajouftajnt a icelle qe fi defore en avaunt afeun face tiel forcible entre en terres tenementz ou autres poffeffions ou eux tiegne forcibierncnt apres compleint ent fait cleiifs mefme le counte lou tiel entre foit fait as juftices de peas ou un de eux par la parte greve qe les juftices ou juftice enfy gamy deins temps covenable facent ou face duement executer le dit eftatut & cep as collages del partie enfy greve.

Ft outre ceo content qe tielx perfones faifantz tiel entre foient prefentz ou voidez devaunt la venudes ditz juffices ou juftice nientmeins mefir.es les juftices ou juftice en afeun hone viile pluis profehein as tenementz enfy entrez ou en afeun lieu covenable folonc loure difcretion eient b chefcun de eux eit audboritc b poair denquerer par gentz de mefme le countee auxibien de ceux qi fount tielx forcibles entrees en terres b tenementz come de ceu< qi eux teignent ove force. Et fi trove foit devaunt afeun deux qe afeun face le contrarie dc cell eftatut adonqs les ditz juftices ou juftice facent ou face refeifer les terres b tenementz enfy entrez ou tenuz come devaunt b mettre la partie enfy oufte en plein pofleflion de meftr.es les terres & tenementz come devaunt entrez ou tenuz. Et ft afeune perfone apres tiel entre en terres ou tenementz tenuz ove force face feoffement ou a.utre difcontinuance a afeun Seignur ou autre ptrfone pur maintenaunce • avoier ou

pur

C. 9.	547

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. pur toller Sc defrauder le poffeflour de fa recoverer en afcun rnaner fi apres en aflife ou autre adfion ent deftre prife ou purfuez devaunt Juftices des aflifes ou autres Juftices le Roy qiconqs par deu enquerre ent apprendre purra duement eftre prove mel'mes les feoffementz & difcontinuances eftre faitz purmaintenaunce come defuis eft dit qe adon-qes tielx feoffementz ou autre difcontinuance enfy come devaunt faitz foient voidez irritez Sc tenuz pur nulle.

Et auxi quant les ditz Juftices ou Juftice ferrent tielx enquerrez come devaunt facent ou face lour garrantz Sc precepts directs al vifcount de mefme le counte luy comaundant depar le Roy de fair venir devaunt eux Sc chefcun deux perfones fufficiantz Sc indifferentz pluis profcheins demur-rantz entour les tenementz enfy entrez come devaunt denquerrer de tielx entreez dount chefcun qi ferra empanelle denquerer en celle partie ai; terre ou tenement de annuel value de xl. s. par an au meins outre les reprifes. Et qe le vifcount retourne ifl'ucz fur chefcun deux au jour de primer precept retornable xx. s. Sc al feconde jour xl. s. Sc al tierce foitz C s. Sc au chefcun jour apres le double. Et ft afcun vifcount ou bailly deinz fraunchife aiantz retourne de briefe du Roy foit lacche Sc ne face duement execution des ditz prcceptz a luy direetz pur tielx enquerrez faire qil forface devers le Roy xx. li. pur chefcun defaut Sc outre face fyn Sc raunceon au Roy.

Et qe auxbien les Juftices ou Juftice avauntditz come les Juftices des aflifes a lour venir en pais pur ailifes prendre eient & chefcun de eux ait poair doier & tenriiner tielx defautes & negligences des ditz vifeontz Sc baillifs Sc chefcun de eux auxibien par bille al fuite del partie greve pur luy mefme come pur le Roy a fiiier come par endite-ment a prendre pur le Roy foulement. Et fi le vifcount ou bailly foit duement atteint en celle partie par enditement ou par bille qe celuy qi fue pur luy Sc pur le Roy eit une moitee de la forfaitu're de xx. li. enfemblement ove fes coftages Sc expenfes. Et qe mefme la proCeffe foit fait vers tislx. enditees ou fuez par bille en celle partie ficome ferroit vers endite'z ou fuez par briefe de trefpafs fait .ove force & arrr.es encoun-tre la peas du Roy.

Et ohtre ceo fi afcun perfone foit oufte ou diffeifie dalcuns terres ou tenementz ove forcible manere ou oufte peiublement Sc apres tenuz dehors ove forte main oit apres tielle entre afcun feolFement ou difcontinuance en afeune manere ent foit fait pur defrauder Sc toller le droit del pofFefl'our qe la partie greve en celle partie eit aflife de novell difleifeine ou briefe de trefpas vers tiel diffeifour. ’ Et fi la partie greve recovere par aflife ou par action de, trefpafs Sc, trove foit, par' verdit ou en autre manere par due forme"en ley' qe la' partie defendant entra ove force en terres Sc tenementz ou eux par force apres' foil entree, tiendra qe le pleyntif recovera fes damages au treble vers le defendant Sc outre ceo qil face fyn Sz raunceon au Roy. Et qe mans juftices’’ou jnfti£'e de peab vifcottriK; Si'BaflMfi' de's 'citeesViftfes

‘ takeaway and defraud the PoTcflbr of his Recovery 4- H. 7. f. is.

‘ in any wife, if after in Aflife, or other A£tion there- c'0,

‘ of to be taken or purfued before Juftices of Aflifes, *5^j Jg,’ g|4’

4	or other the King’s Juftices whatfoever, by due In- 738,’ 915!

5	quiry thereof to be taken, the fame Feoffments and Cro. jac. 17,19, ‘ Difcontinuances may be duly proved, to be made for3I>4I» J4S>

‘ Maintenance, as afore is faid, that then fuch Feoff- cro’cafaoi*'

‘ ments, or other Difcontinuance, fo as before made,

4 fhall be void, fruftrate, and holden for none.

* IV. And alfo when the faid Juftices or Juftice The Juftices make fuch Inquiries as before, they fhall make, or|JecfPtto t,ie one of them fhall make, their Warrants and Pre-jJjj1;, AA cepts to be directed to the Sheriff of the fame County, 5nquireJot tor-commanding him of the King’s Behalf to caufe to cibie Entries, come before them, and every of them, fufficient and indifferent Perfons, dwelling next about the Lands fo entered as before, to inquire of fuch Entries, (2] J“«r to We whereof every Man, which fhall be impanelled to4°-s- r« An“-inquire in this Behalf, fhall have Land or Tenement of the yearly Value of Forty Shillings by Year at the leaft, above Reprifes. (3) And that the Sheriff return Iflues upon every of them at the Day ofthe firft:

Precept returnable xx. s. and at the lecond Day xl. s. ’ and at the third Time C. s. and at every	-

Day after, the double. (4) And if any Sheriff orThe®he,lS’s Bailiff' within a Franchife, having Return of the V™T King’s Writ, be flack, and make not Execution Duty.' duly of the faid Precepts to him directed to make ‘ fuch Inquiries, that he fhall forfeit to the King xx.

4 li. for every Default, and moreover fnall make Fine ‘ and Ranfom to the King.

‘ V. And that as well the Juftices or Juftice afore-faid, as the Juftices of Aflifes, and every of them, at their coming into the Country to take Affifes, fhall have, and every of them fhall have, Power to hear : and determine fuch Defaults and Negligences of the faid Sheriffs and Bailiffs, and every of them, as well by Bill at the Suit of the Party grieved for himfelf ' as for the King, to fue by Indictment only to ' be taken for the King. (2) And if the Shcriffor Bailiff"

: be duly attainted in this Behalf by Indiftment, or by ; Bill, that he which fueth for himfelf and for the King : have the one Moiety of the Forfeiture of xx. li. to-4 gether with his Cofts and Expences. (3) And that ; the fame Procefs be made againft fuch Perfons indicted 4 or fued by Bill in this Behalf, as fhould be againft 4 Perfons indicted or fued by Writ of Trefpafs done ^--hr)t : with Force and Arms againft the Peace of the King. n„y bejiad 1-‘ VI. And moreover, if any Perfon be put out, Oi* gai n ft him who : diffeifed of any Lands or Tenements in forcible put out,

£ Manner, or put out peaceably, and after holden J!c"p out*

4 out with ftrong'Hand ;■ or, after , fuch Entry,' any ‘ Feoffment or Difcontinuance in any wife thereof .h.7. f. 10. ai. 4 be made, to defraud and take away the Right of the-J.f.n. 10H y.f. 4 Poficffor ; that the Party grieved in thi’s Behalf fhall 4 have Aflife of Novel diffeifin, or a Writ of Trefpafs , t:!*’ *, againft fuch Diffeifor. (2) And if the Party grieved c recover by Aflife, or by Action of Trefpafs, and it 45. ficH.'.Cii. ‘ be found by Verdict, or . in other Manner'byydue 4. sb.

niuu low V 1 1110 J. J. ^ LSI V-	J S ^

‘ dant; (3) and moreover, that he make Fine and Ran-	Kei	i.

‘ fom to the King,' And that Mayors, Juftices or Jiif-,4'f-ajg. Dyej, f. dee of Peace, Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Cities, Towns, 141. Bro. Force,

A.aaa a

and 1*. 1 Uulfc. 2i3,

2 Leon. 52. Co. pi. f. 315.	<

j heAuthority of the chief Officers in Cities, to c rep refs Force. In- <

1 creed find ex- c jd.iiritd bj 31 El. c. 11.

They may keep tluir Land by < Force, who have t had ihjee Years c Pofi'efiion.

1 SJk. 356.	1

Inft. 257. 5R.2..

and Boroughs, having Franchife, have in the faid Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, like Power to remove Inch Entries, and in other Articles aforefaid, rifmg within the fame, as the Juftices of Peace and Sheriffs in Counties and Countries aforefaid have.

‘ VII. Provided always. That they which keep their Poffeffions with Force in -any Lands and Tenements, whereof they or their Anccftors, or they whole Ef-tate they have in fuch Lands and Tenements, have continued their Poffeffions in the fame by three Years or more, be not endamaged by Force of this Statute.’ flat. 1. c, 7, 4 H. 4, c. 8. 23 11. 8. c. 14. end fee 21 Ja(. I. c. 13

Ex Ret. in Turr. Loud. h ’burghs aiantz franchife eient en les ditz citees viiles & burghs auticl poair de tielx entrees ouftier & en autres articles defuifdites emergentz deinz ycelles come ount les juftices de peas 6t vifeountes en countees & pfts fuifdites.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ceux qi gardent par force lour pofl'efiions en aieuns terres ou tenements dount ils ou lour aunceftres 011 ceux queux efrat ils ount en tiels terres & tenementz ount contenuz lour poffeffions cn ycelles par trois ans ou pluis ne foient my endamagez par force de celic eftatut.

which eaal/e* JvJHccs to give Rejlntit on in Ciitain Ca^es.

CAP. X.

Procefs awarded againft thofe which dwelling in foreign Counties be indidled or appealed.

In forced by 10 11. 6. c. 6, 3 tnft. 31, The Jnconve-r.iencies of inditing or appealing any jperfon in one County that is ccnverfant in Another.

Procefs upon Indi&menis of Perfons dwelling 4 in foreign	t

Coonties.	g

20 H. 6» c» 6.

<

i

i

I EH. t. f. I. ‘ lg K. 6. f. I. t Fitj. Procefs,	c

*9Z>	c

ITEM, Our Lord the King confidering how divers Perfons for their private Revenge, and not of Right, malicioufiy by fubtile Imagination have caufed and procured many of his faithful liege People faifly to be indifted and appealed of feveral Treafons, Felonies, and Trefpafles, before Juftices of the Peace, and other Comiriiffioners and Juftices, and others having Power to take Indictments or Appeals in clivers foreign Counties, Liberties, and Franchifes of England, in which the faid Lieges be not, nor at any Time were, convcrfant nor dwelling ; (2) by Force of which Indictments and Appeals, and the Proceffes upon them made in t .e faid Counties, Franchifes, and Liberties, the faid Perfons, fo indibled, have been, and daily be put in Exigent, and alter outlawed, and thereupon their Goods and Chatties, Lands and Tenements forfeit, and they in great Jeopardy of their Lives, whereas the faid Perfons fo iniitted, appealed, or put in Exigent, or outlawed, had never Knowledge of l'uch indictments. Appeals, Exigents, or Outlawries j (3) which i allhood and Malice daily doth abound and incrcafe in divers Counties, Liberties, and Franchifes of England, in great Hinder-ance, Lofs, and perpetual DcftruEtion of many of his faid faithful and i. recent liege People, and very likely to increafe hereafter, if convenient Remedy be net ordained and provided in this Behalf.”

‘ II. And therefore the fame our J^ord the King, of his fpecial Grace, and by Authoiity of this Parliament, for Eafe and Tranquillity of his faithful Lieges of this Realm, hath cauled to be ordained and ftablilhed, That upon every Indictment or Appeal by the which any of the faid Li ges dwel ing in. other Counties than there where fuch j.nditftment or Appeal is or Ihall be taken of Tre.-Ion, Felony, and Trefpafs, to be taken hereafter before the Juftices of Peace, or before any other having Power to take fuch Indictments or Appeals, or other Commif-fioners or Juftices in any County, Franc ife, or Liberty of England, before any Exigent awarded upon any Indictment or Appeal in the Form aforefaid to be taken, that prefently after the frrffc Writ of Capias upon every fuch Indictment or Appeal awarded and returned, that another Writ of Capias be awarded, direCted to the Sheriff of the County, whereof he which is fo indiCted is or was fuppofed to be con-verfant by the fame Indictment, returnable before the fame Juftices or Commiffioners before whom he is indiCted or appealed at a certain Day, containing

a

TEM noftre Seignur le Roy confiderant co-ment diverfes perfones pur lour fingulcr vengeance Sc nient de dr. it rralicioufment par fotile ymngination ount faitz Sc procurcz de fauxment enditer Sc appeller diverfez de fez foialx lieges de diverfes trefons felonies Sc trefpas devaunt juftices de peas & autres commiffioners & juftices & autres aiantz poiar de prendre enditementz ou appelles en diverfes foreins countees libertees 6c fraunchifes dEngleterre cs queux les ditz lieges ne fount ns unqes feuffent converfantz ne de-murantz par force dcs queux enditementz &c appelles & les prbeeffes fur eux faitz en ies ditz countees fraunchifez Sc libertees les ditz perfones enfy enditez ount elte & dejour en autre fount mys en exigent Sc puis utlagez Sc fur ceo lour biens Sc chatieux terres Sc tenementz forfaitz Sc eux en grande peri:c de lour vies la ou les ditz perfones enfy enJitez appellez ou mys en exigent ou utlagez navoient unqs coniffance de tielx endite-irentz appellez exigentz ne utlagaries les queux fauxine Sc malice de jour en autre habundent Sc encrefsent en divers countees libertees & fraunchifes dEngleterre en graunt ar.ientefment perde Sc perpetuell deftruCtion de plufours de fez ditz foialx & innotentz lieges & verifemblable eft den-crefcer en apres ft remedie covenable ne foit ordene Sc purveu en celle parde.

Et pur ceo meime noftre Seignur le Roy de fa grace efpeciale & par au&oritee de cell par-lement pur eafe falvation Sc tranquillite de fez foialx lieges de cell Roialme ad fait ordiner Sc eftablir qe fur chefcun enditement ou appelle par la quelle afeuns des ditz lieges d.murrantz en autres countees qe la ou tiel enditement ou appell foit ou ferra pris de trefon felonie & trefprefis apprendre en apres devaunt juftices de peas ou devaunt afeun autre aiant poair de tielx enditementz ou appelles prendre ou autres commiffioners ou juftice en afeun countee fraunchife ou lihertee dEngleterre devaunt afeun exigend’ agarde fur afeun enditement ou appelle en la forme avaunt-dite aprendre qe maintenant apres le primere briefe de capias fur chefcun tiel enditerrent ou appelle agarde & retourne qe un autre briefe de capias foit agarde direCIe al vifeount del courftee doiuat celly qi eft enfv enditez eft ou fuift fuppofe deftre con-verfant par meftne lenditement retournable devaunt meftnes les juftices ou commiffioners devaunt I queux il eft endite ou appelle a un certcin jour

conteinanti.

Anno o&avo Henrici VI.

celuy qi eft enfy endite on appelle par ion corps j c Sheriff, to take him which is fo indited or appealed, hi poet eftre trove deins la baillie. Et fil ne poet! 1 by.............

Ex Rot. hi Turr. Lond. conteinant la fpace de trois mois de la date du dit darrein briefe ou les countes fe teignent de mois en mois & la ou les countces fount tenuz de fys fepmains cn fys fepmains ait lefpace de quatre mois tanqal jour de retourne de mefme le briefe par quel briefe de feconde Capias foit con-tenuz Sc comaunde a mefme le vifeount de prendre cel

Id I

mye eftre trove deins fa b tillic qe le dit vifeount face proclamation en duix countees devaunt le retourne de mefme ie briefe qe celuy qeft enfy endite ou appelle appierge devaunt les ditz juftices 011 commiftioncrs en le countee libertce ou fran-chife ou il eft endites ou appellez al jour contenu en le dit darrein briefe de Capias a refpoundre a noftre dit Seignur le Roy Sc au partie de la felonie trefon ou trcfpaffe dount il eft enfy enditez ou appellez apres quel fecond briefe de Capias enfy fervy Sc retournee ft celuy qi eft enfy enditez ou appellez ne veigne al jour de mefme le briefe de Capias retourne foit cxieend’ agardez envers tielx endites ou appeilez Sc chefcun de eux.

Et ft afeun exigend’ enapres foit a garde fur afeun tiel enditeinent ou appelle countre la forme avaunt-dite ou afeun utlagarie fur cco pronunciez foit ftbien cell exigend’ enfy agarde come la utlagarie fur ceo pronuncie & chefcun de cux tenuz pur null Sc voide et qe la partie fur qi tiel exigend’ encountre la forme avauntdite foit agirde ou utlagarie pronuncie ne foit endamage ne mys a perde de fes biens ou chatieux terres ou tenementz ne de fa vie.

Purveu toutz foitz qe leftatut fait en le darrein parlement des proceffes affairs en tielx cafes devaunt le Roy en fon Bank eftoife en fa force. Et enoutre mcfme.noftrc Seignur le Roy ad grantee par auCtoritec fuftlite qe chefcun enditez ou appelle cn la forme avauntdite de cy enavaunt apres ceo qi! foit par verdit duement acquitee qil eit briefe Sc aCtion fur fon cas envers chefcun procurour de tie x enditementz ou appellez et foit autielc pro-ceflee fur & en mefme le briefe come en briefe de trefpas fait ove force & armes et ft tiel procurour foit atteint en celle partie qe le pleintif recovere fez damages au treble.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ceft ordinance ne fe ex-tende mye as enditementz ou appellez prifez ou apprendrez deinz le countee de Ceftre.

Purveu auxi qe ft afeun des ditz lieges ou afeun de lour heirs foit ou ferra appelle ou enditez de felonie ou trefon Sc au temps de mefme le felonie ou trefon fuppofez eft ou feuft converftmnt deinz Ie countee dount lenditement ou appelle fait mention qe autielle procefte foit fait vers tiel endite ou appelle come ad efte ufe devaunt ces heurs.

C. IO, II,

549

the Space of Three Months from the Date of the faid laft Writ, where the Counties be holden from. Month to Month ; and where the Counties be holden from Six Weeks to Six Weeks, he fliall have the Space of Four Months, until the Day of the Return of the fame Writ; (2) by which "Writ of fecond Capias, be it contained and commanded to the fame

his Body, if he can be found within his Bailiwick ; (3) and if he cannot be found within his--Bailiwick, that the faid Sheriff fliall make Proclamation in two Counties before the Return of the fame Writ, that he which is fo indiCied or appealed fhall appear before the faid Juftices or Commiffioners in the County, Liberty, or Franchife where he is inditfted or appealed, at the Day contained in the faid laft Writ of Capias, to anfwer to our Lord the King, or to the Party, of the Felony, Treafon, or Trelpafs, whereof he is fo indiCted or appealed;

(4.) after which fecond Writ of Capias fo ferved and returned, if he which is fo indiCted or appealed come not at the Day of the fame Writ of Capias returned, the Exigent fhall be awarded againft fuch Perfons indiCted or appealed, and every of them.

‘ III. And if any Exigent hereafter be awarded Hob. 166. upon any fuch IndiCiment or Appeal againft the 3Co- 59* Form aforefaid, or any Outlawry be upon that pronounced, as well the Exigent fo awarded, as the Outlawry upon that pronounced, and every of them, fhall be holden for none and void ; (2) and that the Party upon whom fuch Exigent againft the Form aforefaid is awarded, or Outlawry pronounced, be not endamaged, nor put to Lofs of his Goods or Chatties, Lands or Tenements, nor of his Life.

‘ IV. Provided always, That the Statute made in6H. 6. c. 1. the laft Parliament, of Proceffes to be made in fuch An Afbon up-Cafe before the King in his Bench, ftand in his Force. •'n.e;C\t..

, \ * 1	0	,	c	* T , , -ry. maintainable by

(2j And moreover, the fame our Lord the King the party in-hath granted by Authority aforefaid, That every diaed or ap-Perfon indicted or appealed in the Form aforefaid Pe’le,i 35airl(t from henceforth, after that he be duly acquit by 'He Procurer Verdict, that he fhall have a Writ and Action upon Kri. i.Ti j his Cafe, againft every Procurer of fuch Indictments Raft. uj. or Appeals ; and like Procefs fhall be upon and in the lame Writ, as in a Writ of Trefpafs done with Force and Ar:rs; (3) and if fuch Procurer be attainted in this Behalf, that the Plaintiff fhall recover his treble Damages.

‘ V. Provided 'always. That this Ordinance fhall not extend to Indictments or Appeals taken or to be taken within the County of Chejler.

*. VT. Provided alfo, That if any of the faid Lieges, A Man irrilfted' or any of their Heirs, be or fhall be appealed or in- or appealed in dieted of Felony or Treafon, and at the Time of the ’v'herJ'^'dy fame Felony or Treafon fuppofed, he is and was conve,rJnt (ball converfant within the County whereof the Indictment be prokcuted or Appeal maketh Mention, the like Procefs be made as formerly.

' againft fuch Perfon fo indiCted or appealed, as hath L been ufed always before this Time.’

C A P. XI.

The Citizens of London may take Apprentices according to their ancient Cufloms.'

See appendix.

CAP.

Anno o&avo Henrici VI.

A. D. 1429.

CAP. XII.

No Judgement or Record fhall be reverfed for any Writ, Procefs, &c. rafed. What Defe&s in Records may be amended by the Judges, and what not.

No Judgement nor Record /hall be reverfed 4 nor avoided for t. any Writ, Re- c turn, Procefs,

&c. rafed or c interlined. 4 Dyer 105, 180, c 225,232,260, c

3+j	c

5 Co- 45-SCo. 13S.	‘

Cro. Jac. 119.	4

Cro. Car. 271, <

The Judges may reform all c Defers in Re- 4 cords which be c Mifprifion of c the Clerk.

34 "Ed. 3. flat. 1. c

c. 6.	<

9H. 5. c. 4.	*

4 H. 6. c. 3. c 8 H. 6. c. 15. c 4 Mod. 6, 247.

What Defers in c Records may not4 ba amended. c 27 El. c. 5.	,

I H. 5. c. j.

* Second

Variance al-ledged between a Record and the Certificate thereof, (hall be by the Judges amended.

Imbezilling of a Record, where-4 by any Judge- c ment fhall be	c

1	ever fed, is Felony.

O R. 2. c. 4.	4

o Co. 160.	c

2	Roll 44*	c

TEM our Lord the King hath ordained and eftablifhed by the Authority of this prefent Parliament, That for Error affigned, or to be affigned, in any Record, Procefs, or Warrant of Attorney, Original Writ or Judicial, Panel or Return, in any Places of the fame rafed or interlined, or in any Addition, Subftradlion, or Diminution of Words, Letters, Titles, or Parcel of Letters, found in any fuch Record, Procefs, Warrant of Attorney, Writ, Panel, or Return, which Rafings, Interlinings, Addition, Subftradtion, or Diminution, at the Difcretion of the King’s Judges of the Courts and Places, in which the faid Records or Procefs by Writ of Error, or other-wife, be certified, do appear fufpedled, no Judgement nor Record fhall be reverfed nor adnulled.

‘ II. And that the King’s Judges of the Courts and Places in which any Record, Procefs, Word, Plea, .Warrant of Attorney, Writ, Panel, or Return, which for the Time fhall be, fhall have Power to examine fuch Records, Procefs, Words, Pleas, Warrants of Attorney, Writs, Panels, or Return, by them and their Clerks, and to reform and amend (in Affirmance of the Judgements of fuch Records and Procefles) all that which to them in their Difcretion feemeth to he Mifprifion of the Clerks in fuch Record, Procefles, Word, Plea, Warrant of Attorney, Writ, Panel, and Return; (2) except Appeals, Indidlments of Trea-fon and of Felonies, and the Outlawries of the fame, and the Subflance of the proper Names, Surnames, and Additions left out in Original Writs and Writs of Exigent, according to tin Statute another time made the * Firji Year of King Henry Father'to our Lord the King that now is, and in other Writs containing Proclamation; (3) fo that by fuch Mifprifion of the Clerk no Judgement fhall be reverfed nor ad- , nulled. (4) And if any Record, Procefs, Writ, War- ■ rant of Attorney, Return, or Panel be certified defective, otherwife than according to the Writing which thereof remained! in the Treasury, Courts, or Places from whence they be certified, the Parties in Affirm- ! ance of the Judgements of fuch Record and Procefs fhall have Advantage to alledge, that the fame Writing is variant from the faid Certificate, and that found and certified, the fame Variance .fhall be by the faid. Judges reformed and amended according to the full Writing.

‘ Ilf. And moreover it is ordained, That if any Record, or Parcel of the- fame Writ, Return, Panel, Procefs, or Warrant of Attorney in the King’s Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, the one Bench or the other* or in his Treafury, be willingly ftolen, taken away, withdrawn, or avoided by any Clerk, ©r by other-Pcrfon, becaufe whereof any Judgement lhail be reverfed ; that fuch Stealer, 'I aker away, Withdrawer, or Avoider, their Procurators, Counfeliorsj and Abettors, thereof' indidted, and by Procefs thereupon made thereof duly convift by their own Confeflion, or by Inquefl to be taken of lawful Men, whereof the one half fhall be of the Men of any Court of the fame Courts, and the other half of other, fhall be

Ex Rot. in Furr. Loud.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roy ad ordine & enable par auclorite de cell prefent parlement qe pur errour aifigne ou affigner en afeune recorde proceffs garaunt dattourne brief original ou judicial panell ou retourne en afeuns lieux dicelx rafez ou entrelinez ou en afoun addition fubtradlion ou diminution des paroles lettres titles ou parcelles des lettres troves en afoun tiel recorde proceffe garraunt dattourne brief panell ou retourne queux ralures entrelinez addition fubtradtion ou diminution al difcretion des Juges le Roi des courtes fo places en queux les ditz recordes ou proceffe par briefo der-rour ou autrement fount certinez appiergent fuf-peetz ne foit afeune juggement ne recorde reverfe 111 adnulie.

Et qe les Juges le Roi des Courtes & places en queux afoun recorde proceffe parole plee garaunt dattourne brief panel! ou retourne pur le temps foit eient poair dexaminer tielx recordes procefle paroles plees garrauntz dattourne brief panell & retourne par eux & lour clerks & .de reformer & amender en affermance des.jugge-mentz de tielx recordes & proceffe tout ceo qe a eux en lour difcretion femble eftre mefprifion de clerk en tielx recordes proceffe parole pice garraunt dattourne brief panell fo retourne for-Iprife app.elez enditementz de trefoil & des felonies -fo lutlagaries dicelles fo la fubflance de propres nouns furnouns & additions entrelelfez en briefs originalx briefs dexigent folonqe lefta-tut autre foitz fait lan foconde le Roi Hexp.i pier noftre Seignur le Roi qor eft & en autres briefs contenantz proclamation Iflint qe par tiel mefprifion de. clerk ne foit afoun juggement reverfe nc adnuile. Et fi afoun recorde procefle briefo garraunt dattourne retourne ou panell foit certifie defedtive autrement qe accordant a 1$. feripture qc ent demoert en les Treforie Courtes ou lieux Mount ils fount, certinez eient les parties en affermance cfes juggementz de tielx .recorde & procefle avauntage dalegger qe me fine la feripture eft variaunt al dit - certificate & ceo trove fo certifie foit melfne la variauncc par les ditz Juges refourme & amende accordant a.dit primer feripture.

Et outre ceo eft ordin-e qe ft afoun recorde ou parcell dice] brief retourne panell procefle 011 gar raunt dattourne en les Courtes le Roi de Chaun-cellarie Efcheqer lun bank ou lautre ou en fa treforie foit voluntierment einblc~emporte retre.it ^op avoide par afoun clerk ou autre perfone ri ‘caule de quell afoun juggement foit reverfe qe tiel em-blour emportour retreiour & avoidour lour pro-curatours counfeillours & abbettours ent enditez & par procefle fur ceo fait- ent d-uemert! eonviiftz par lour propre confeflion ou par enqueftc ap-prendre des Ioialx homines dount la moite foit des homines dafeun Court de incline les Courtes & lautre moite dautres foient adjuggez pur fi-

Ions

Anno odtavo Henrici VI.

C.

T ^ 1

14.

551

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.

Ions Sc encourgent la peine de felonie. Et qe les Juges de les ditz Courts de lun bank ou lautre eient poair doicr & terminer tielx defautcs devaunt eux Sc dent faire punition come devaunt eft dit.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ft afeun tiel rccorde pro-ceffe briefe garraunt dattournc panell ou rctourne ou parcell diccl foit a prefent ou en apres ferra exempline en la Chauneeliarie le Roi l'oubz l'on graunde leal Sc ticl exemplification illeoqes de re-corde enrolle faunz afeun ral'urc en une mefme lieu en mefme lexemplideation Sc lenrollemcnt ci-cell qe alors pur null errour affigne ou afiigner en les ditz recordes procefles briefs garaunt dat-tourne panell ou retourne en afeun lettre parole claufe ou matier dicell variaunt ou contrariaunt a dite exemplification & lenrollement ne foit nulle juggetnent des ditz recordes & proceffe reverfe ne adnulie.

judged for Felons, and fa all incur the Pain of Felony.

(2) And that the Judges of the laid Courts of the one Bench or of the other, have Power to hear and determine fuch Defaults before them, and thereof to make due Punilhment as afore is find.

‘ IV. Provided always, That if any fuch Record, A Record Procefs, Writ, or Y/arrant of Attorney, Panel, orePr’P*,/itd Ue<*Cir Return, or Parcel of the fame, be now, or hereafter*’^ i^oMe/in’ lhall be exemplified in the King’s Chancery under t|,e Ciwncery. the Great Seal, and fuch Exemplification there ofnoctobe Record inrolled without any Raftng in the fame Place^vcrfcd. in the Exemplication and the Inrollment of the fame, that another Time for any Error alfigned, or to be affigned in the faid Record, Procefs, Writ, Warrant of Attorney, Panel, or Return, in any Letter, Word,

Claufe, or Matter of the fame varying, or contrary to the laid Exemplification and the Inrollment, there lhall be no 1 udgement of the faid Records and Pro- „

; cefs reverfed nor adnulled.’	6	.	iV*. 6.

c. 9.	5	El.	c.	33.	and4 Ann. c. 16. nvlat Dcfelh may h amended and what n.t.

CAP. XIII.

There fhall not be excepted in the Protections of thofe that lhall go with the King into France,

Affile of Novel Dijfeifin. See ylppendix.

C A P. XIV.

Riotous Perfons committing of Felonies, and’th-en fleeing into fecret Places.

ITEM pur ceo qe graunde & grevoufe com-pleint fuift feit a E.oi Henri jadis Roi dEng-leterre pier noftre Seignur Ie Roi qoreft a fon , parlement tenuz a Leyceftr’ lan de fon regne leconde par les Communes de fon parlement ' avauntdit de diverfes murdres homicides robories bateries afi'emblees des gentz en graunde noum-bre par maner dinfurre&ons & de diverfes autres rebellions Sc riotes Sc apres tielx meffaites les ditz felouns Sc mesfaifours fenfurent Sc retraherent as diverfes boys & lieux covertez & difeonuz & aillours a lentent Sc purpos de voider Execution de la commune ley & qils ne ferroient mef-nez a refpounce folonc proces de la ley Sur qoy le dit nadgairs Roi confiderant la fuifdit com-pleint par afi’ent des Seignurs efpirituelx & tem-porelx cn mefme le parlement aflemblez' avoit ordinez Sc eftabliez a la requeft des ditz Communes qe ft afeuny en temps avenir veigne' en la Chauneeliarie & face compleint duen.ent qe afeun tiel felon ou malefaifour come svaunt eft dit fen eft fay Sc retrabet a afeun tiel lieu ou aillours al entem fuifdit foit fur tiel compleint une bille fufficeantment fait pur le F.oy Et eit le Chaun- 1 celler dEngleterre pur le term s efteant apres ] tiel bille a lu lyvere fil poet eftre enformez j duement tie! bille contener verite poair de faire , folonc fa diferetion m brief de Capias a la fuite du Roy diredt al vifeont de countee ou countees ou les dites murdres homicides robories bateries Sc autres mesfaitz fount fuppofez par la'dite bille eftre faitz & perpe rez retournable cn la dite Chauneeliarie a certeine jour. Et ft les perfones en le dit brief' contenuz foient prilez par le dit vifeount ou foy reddent en mefme la Chaun-cellarie qadonqes foient tielx perfones mys en j garde ou a maynprife folonc la.diferetion du

t£ TTEM, For that great and grievous Complaints H. 5. fiat. 1. “ J. was made to King Henry, late King of Eng-C- 9-“ land. Father to our Lord the King that now is, at his “ Parliament holden at Leicejler the Second Year of his “ Reign, by the Commons of his Parliament afore-“ faid, of divers Murders, Manfiaughters, Robberies,

“ Batteries, Affemblies of People in great Number in “ Manner of Infurreiftions, and of divers other Rebel-“ lions and Riots; (2) and after fuch Offences the “ faid Felons and Offenders did flee and withdraw “ themfelves to divers Woods and fecret Places un-“ known, and elfewhere, to the Intent and Purpofe to “ avoid the Execution' of the Common Law, and that “ they might not be brought to anfwer according to “ the Procefs of the Common Law; (3) Whereupon “ the faid late King confidering the aforefaid Com-“ plaint, by the Advice and Affent of the Lords Spiri-“ tual and Temporal in the fame Parliament altembled,

“ did ordain and ftablifh, at the Requeft of the faid u Commons, That if any * after come into the Chan-* thereafter,

“ eery, and make Complaint duly, that any fuch Felon ££ or Offender as aforefaid hath fled or withdrawn him <£ to any fuch Place, or elfewhere, to the Intent afore-“ faid, upon fuch Complaint a Bill fhall be fufficiently “ madeforthe King. (4) And the Chancellor of EngiandVtoctU awarded ££ for the t’me being, after fuch Bill to him delivered, againft the of-“ if he may be duly informed that fuch Bill containeth fenders’

£t Truth, fhall have Power by his Diferetion to award “ a Writ of Capias at the St it of ourRotd the King,

“ directed to the Sheriff of the County or Counties c£ where the faid Murders, Manfiaughters, Robb ries,

“ Batteries, and other Offences he fuppofed by the faid “ Bill to be done and committed, returnable in the faid “ Chancery at a certain Day; (5) and if the Perfons ££ fpecified in the faid Writ be taken by .he faid Sheriff’,

“ or yield themfelves in the fame Chancery, that then ££-fuch Perfons be put iii'Prifon or to Mainprife, ac—

££ cording

55 2	C. 14.

Anno odtavo Henrici VI.

A. D. 1429

The Statute of 2. H, flat. 1. c. 9. of thofe that do commit Murder, &c. and 3ften flee in*o Woods, made perpetual.

“ cording to the Difcretiou of the Chancellor ; (6) arid “ moreover it fhall be commanded to inquire of fuch “ Offences, and upon that fhall be done as the Law “ requireth. (7) And if the Sheriff return at the Day “ of the Capias returnable, that thePerfons in the fame “ comprifed, forany of the fameCaufes aforefaid, can-“ not be taken by him, nor the fame Perfons do yield “ themfelves in the faid Chancery, that then the faid “ Chancellor fhall caufe to be made a Writ of Procla-“ mation, directed to the Sheriff, returnable in the “ King’s Bench at a certain Day, that he make Procla-“ mation in two Counties, that the Perfons named in “ the faid Writ come at the faid Day into the aforefaid “ Bench, there to anfwer to the Matter comprifed in “ the faid Bill, upon Pain to be convidl of the Matter “ comprifed within the faid Bill; (8) and in every fuch “ Writ of Proclamation fhall be contained thd Sub-“ fiance of the Matter comprifed in the faid Bill; (9)

“ and if they come not at the Day of fuch Proclama-“ tion returned, then they fhall be holden and adjudged “ for convict, and attainted as afore is faid ; (10) and “ if they come at the Proclamation it fhall be inquired ,J“ of them, and done in the Manner as afore is faid.

“ (n) Provided that the Suggeflions of fuch Riots be “ ngniiied to the Chancellor of England by Letters “ fealed under the Seals of two Juftices of the Peace at “ the lcafl, and the Sheriff of the County where fuch “ Riots fhall be, before that fuch Writ of Capias be “ granted; ( 2) in which Writ of Capias ■ the Matter “ which is comprifed within the fame Bill fhall be as “ well exprefied, as in the Writ of Proclamation there-“ of to be made. (13) And if fuch a Cafe happen in “ the County Palatine of Lancajler, or elfewhere in “ Franchifes where there is a Chancellor and a Seal, “ that then the faid Chancellor of England caufe to be “ written or fent by the King’s Writ to the Chancellor of fuch County or Franchife, all the Suggeflion in “ the faid Bill comprifed, commanding him to make “ fuch Execution as in the faid Article is comprifed; “ (14] fo always that the King’s Writ out of the Chan-“ eery of England fliall not run in fuch County or “ Franc ife otherwife than hath been ufed in Time “ paffed, and that the faid Ordinance fliall Hand in his “ Force ti 1 the End of the next Parliament. (15J Our “ Lord the King conftdei ing that divers other Murders, “ Manfla' ghters, Robberies, Batteries, AfTemblies of “ People in great Number in Manner of Infurrecftions, “ and divers other Rebellions and Riots, have been “ made in divers Counties of the Realm fince the ma-“ king of the faid Statute, not punifhed, bccaufe that “ the faid Statute held no Force but until the End of “ the Parliament then next following;” ‘ hath or-‘ dained and ftabliftied, by Authority of this prefent c Parliament, That the faid Statute fliall now be kept, ‘ and firmly holden for a Statute for ever, as well of Murders, Manfiaughters, Robberies, Batteries, Af-

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

Chaunceller & outre foit maunde denquerer de tielx mesfaitz & fur ceo foit fait come la Icy demaunde. Et ft le vifeounte retourne a jour de Capias retournable qe les perfones en icell com-prifez par afeun de les caufes fuifdites ne pur--ront eflre par luy prifez ne mefmes les perfones ne foi rendent en la dite Chauncellarie qadonqes face le dit Chaunceller faire briefe de proclamation diredt a dit vifeounte retournable en bank le Roi a certein jour qil face proclamation en deux countees qe les perfones en le dit brief nomez veignent a dit jour en le fuil'dit bank pur y ref-poundre a la matier compriz deinz la dite bilie fur peyne deftre conviclez de la matier compriz deinz la dite bille et en chefcun tiel brief de proclamation foit contenuz la fubftaunce de la matier compriz deins la dite hille & fils ne veign-. ent a jour de tiel proclamation retourne foient adonqes tenuz Sc adjuggez pur conviclez & at-teintez come defuis eft dit. Et fils veignent a la proclamation foit de eux enquis & fait en la maner come defuis eft dit. Purveu qe les fug-geftions de tielx riotes foient tefmoignez a le Chaunceller dEngleterre par lettres enlealez de-foubz les fealx de deux juftices de pees au meins & le vifeounte del countee ou tielx riotes fer-rount. devaunt ceo qe tiel brief de Capias foit graunte en quell brief de Capias foit fibien la matier exprelie quele eft compris deins mefme la bille comme en le brief de proclamation ent affaire. Et ft tiel cas aveigne en le counte pa-latyn de Lancaftr’ ou aillours en fraunehife la ou. il v ad Chaunceller & feal qadonqes le dit Chaunceller dEngleterre face eferiver ou envoier par brief du Roi a le Chaunceller de tiel countee ou fraunehife tout la fuggeftion en la dite bille .compriz commaundant a luy de faire tiel execution come en le.ait article eft compriz iffint tout foitz qe brief du'Roi hors de'la Chauncel-lar’ dEngleterre ne courge en tie! countee ou fraunehife autrement qe nad eftee ufee en temps paffe. Et qe la dite ordinaunce eftoiferoit en fa force, tanqe al fin del profehein parlement. Noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant qe diverfes murdres homicides robories bateries affemblces des gentz en graunde noumbre par maner de infur-reclions & diverfes autres rebellions & riotes ount eftee faitz en diverfes parties du Roialme puis la faifaunce de dit eftatuit nient punifez a caufe qe le dit eftatuit ne tenoit force forfqe a la fin del parlement adonqes profchen enfuant ad ordine Sc eftablie par audiorite de cell prefent parlement qe la dit jadis eftatuit ore foit tenuz Sc fermement gardez pur eftatuit en tout temps ave-fibien de murdres homicides robories bateries

A Provifion ‘ uhcic any of thu

femblies of People in great Number in Manner of Infurredlions, and divers other Rebellions and Riots made and committed before the Beginning of this prefent Parliament, as in Time to come.

‘ II. Provided always, That it be teftified by two Juftices of the Peace of the Counties where fuch Riots {hail be fuppofed, that the common Fame and Voice runneth in the fame Counties of the fame Riots, before that the Writ of Capias fliall be awarded. (2) Provided alfo. That if any fuch Cafe hap-pen in the faid County Palatine of Lancajler, or elle-

mr

affemblees ■ des gentz en graunde noumbre par maner de infurrections Sc de divers autres rebellions Sc riotes faitz & perpetrez devaunt le commencement de cell prefent parlement come en temps avenir.

Purveu toutz foitz qe tefmoigne foit par deux juftices de peas des countees ou tielx riotes fer-ront fuppofez qe commune fame & voice court en mefmes les countees de icelx riotes devaunt ceo qe le brief de Capias ferra agarde. Purveu auxi qe ft afeun tiel cafe aveigne en le dit countee palatyn de Lancaftre ou aillours en lieu

cnfraunchifc

c* *5> l5-	553

Anno odlavo Henrici VI.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. enfraunchife la ou y ad Chaunceller & feal qe adonqes le dit Chaunceller de tiel countee ou lieu enfraunchife pur le temps efteant apres compleint a luy duement fait Sc tefmoigne par juftice ou lieutenant de juftice & vifcount de tiel countee palatyn ou lieu enfraunchife pur le temps efteant en la forme fuifdit eit femblable poair de agarder Capias & briefs de proclamation avauntditz come le dit Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ad.

where in a Place enfranchifed, where there is a f'a‘d oae"ces . Chancellor and a Seal, that then the faid Chancellor aVlaM^nfran-1* of fuch County or Place enfranchifed, for the timechifed. being, after Complaint to him duly made and tefti-fied by a Juftice, or the Lieutenant of a Juftice, and Sheriff' of fuch County Palatine or Place enfranchifed, for the time being, in the Form afore-faid, fhall have like Power to award a Capias and a Writ of Proclamation aforefaid, as the faid Chancellor of England * hath.’	.	*	f°r	c

o	being

CAP. XV.

The Juftices may in certain Cafes amend Defaults in Records.

ITEM ordeigne eft & eftablie qe les Juftices du Hoy devaunt queux afeune mefprifion ou defaute foit ou ferra trove foit il en afeun re-cordes & precedes qore fount ou ferrount pen-dantz devaunt eux fibien par voie derrour come autremeut ou en lez retournez dicelles faitz ou affairez par vifeountz coroners baillifs des fraun-chifes ou autres qeconqes par mefprifion des clerks dafeuns des ditz Courtz du Roi ou par mefprifion dez vifeountz foutzvifeountz coroners lour clercs ou autres officers clercs ou miniftres qeconqes en eferivant un lettre ou un filable trop ou trop poie aient poiar damender tielx de-fautes & mefprifions folonc lour diferetion & par examination ent par les ditz Juftices apren-dre ou lour femblera bofoignable. Purveu qe ceft eftatut ne fe extende as recordes & precedes es parties de Gales ne as recordes & precedes dutlagaries des felonies & trefons & les dependantz dicelles.

H, 6. c, 12« See farther 10 H.

9 H. 5. flat. 1. c.4, 4 H. 6. c. 3

he amended, and what not.

TEM, it is ordained and eftablifhed, That the^Co. 162. King’s Juftices, before whom any Mifprifion 0r1 Rul14W* Default is or fhall be found, be it in any Records and Precedes which now be, or fhall be, depending before them, as well by Way of Error as otherwife, or in the Returns of the fame, made or to be made by Sheriffs, Coroners, Bailiffs of Franchifes, or any other, by Mifprifion of the Clerks of any of the faid Courts of the King, or by Mifprifion of the Sheriffs, Under-fherifFs, Coroners, their Clerks, or other Officers, Clerks, or other Minifters whatfoever, in writing one Letter or one Syllable too much or too little, fhall have Power to amend fuch Defaults and Mifprifions according to theirDifcretion, and by Examination thereof by the faid Juftices to be taken- _ . where they fhall think needful. (2) Provided that this Statute do not extend to Records and Procefles Outlawries, in the Parts of TValesy (3) nor to the Procefles and 14 £“'• 3- Hit. t. Records of Outlawries of Felonies, and Treafons, and the Dependences thereof.’	J	J

c. 4. iS II. 6. c. 9. 5 EHz, c. 23. 27 Etlx. c. 5. end 4 Ann. c. 16. nohat Dcfiftsmey

CAP. XVI.

By what Perfons Efcheators fhall find an Office, and in what Time he fhall certify it. A Patent made of Lands feifed upon an Inqueft.

ITEM pur efehuer lez dolours grevancez & dif-heretifons qi de jour en autre aveignent as plu-fours lieges noftre Seignur le Roy par les efehetours de ceo cpls preignent enqueftes denquerer devaunt eux fibien par vertue des briefs noftre Seignur le Roy come de lour office favourablement & noun duement par gentz nient empanellez ne retournez a eux par les vifeountz des countes & pluiftoft pur lour propre gayne & pur difheretifon des lieges noftre Seignur le Roy qe pur profit mefme noftre Seignur le Roy Et auxi de ceo qe les terres Sc tene-mentz des plufours lieges noftre Seignur le Roy fount feifez es mains noftre Seignur le Roy fur tielx enqueftes & autres Sc lefl’ez par le Chaunceller ou Treforer a ferme devaunt ceoqe mefmes les enqueftes foient retournez en la Chancellarie noftre Seignur le Roy eft ordine par auRorite de ceft pre-fknt parlement qe nul efehetour ne commiffioner preigne afeunement afeun enqueftdenquerrer finon des gentz retournez St empanellez par le vifcount en le counte deins quell il eft efehetour ou commiffioner. Et ft afeun efehetour ou commiffioner -preigne ep.quefte des gentz ’qi ne fount mye enpa-iiellez ne retournez par le vifcount come defuis eft tdit Si ent par examination ou autremenl; al fuite de Voj. L

“ ITEM, To efehew the Dolours, Grievances, andAn Efchcat™-cc JL Difherifons, which daily do happen to many of!11311 t3ke. no-, cc the King’s liege People by the Efcheators, for that r"ch Wrfons af <e they take Inquefts, to inquire before them, as wellle returned by “ by Virtue of the King’s Writs, as of their Offices,the Sheriff.

“ favourably and not duly, by People not impanelled Raft' tt‘' 3* S' “ nor returned to them by the Sheriffs of the Counties,

“ and more often for their private Gain, and for the “ Difherifon of the King's liege People, than for the <c Profit of the fame our Lord the King, (2) and alfo “ for that the Lands and Tenements of many of the “ King’s liege People be feifed into the King’s Hands “ upon fuch Inquefts, or let to fermby the Chancellor “ or Treafurer, before fuch Inquefts be returned in the “ Chancery;” ‘ (3) our Lord the King hath ordained, k by the Authority of this prefent Parliament, that no ‘ Efcheator or Commiffioner take in any wife any I11-‘ queft to inquire, but of People returned a'nd impa-!

‘ nelled by the Sheriff’s in the County within which ‘ he is Efcheator or Commiffioner. (4) And :if ar.y whenXim8s ‘ Efcheator or Commiffioner take Inquefts of People ‘ which be not impanelled nor returned by the Sheriff-’, nn inqilt.rt ‘ as is afore laid,'and' thereof by'Exam-nation, or 0f Office, (hall ‘ otherwife, at the Suit of the Party, which for him-be let to term.

‘ felf or 'for the King, or any other Perfon that will 'ft c-Bb.bb	*	Fue,

554 C. 16.

Anno o&avo Henrici VI.

The Lands ffiall * be let to feim to c him that ten- c dereth a Traverfe to the Office.

36 Ed. 3. flat. 1. c c. 13...	c

1 H. 8. c. 10. c 23 H. 6. c. 17. Kel. f. 178.

36 Ed. 3. flat. 1. c. 13.

Efeheators and Com millioners return an Office found before them.

18 H, 6, c. 7.

fue, be duly convidt, for every Inqueft fo taken that he incur the Pain and Forfeiture of xl. li. to be paid;, that is to fay, the one Half to the King, and the other Half to the Party grieved, at whofe Suit he fhall be convidt. (5) And that no Lands nor Tenements feifed into the Hand of our Lord the King, upon fuch Inquefts taken before the Efeheators or Com-miffioners, be not in any wife let nor granted to ferm by the Chancellor or Treafurer of England, or. any other the King’s Officer, until the fame Inquefts and Verdidts be fully returned in the Chancery, or in the Exchequer, (6) but all fuch Lands and Tenements fhall intirely and continually remain in the Hands of our Lord the King, until the faid Inquefts and Verdidts be returned, and by a Month after the fame Return, if it be not fo that he or they which feel them grieved by the fame Inquefts, or putting out of their Lands and Tenements, come into the Chancery, and profer themfelves to traverfe the faid Inquefts, and then offer .to take the fame Lands or Tenements to ferm ; (7) and if they fo do, that then the fame Lands or Tenements be committed to them, if they fliew good Evidence, proving their Traverfe to be true, after the Form of the Statute made the thirty fixth Year of King Edward III. after the Conqueft, to hold until the Iffue taken upon the fame Traverfe be found and difeuffed for the King, or for the Party, finding fufficient Surety to purfue the faid Traverfe with Effedt, and to render and pay to our Lord the King the yearly Value of the Lands whereof the Traverfe fhall he fo taken, if it be dif-cufl'ed for the King. (8) And if any Letters Patents of any of the Lands or Tenements he made to the contrary to any other Perfon, or let to ferm within the faid Month, after the faid Month of Return, they fhall be holden for none. (9) And that the-Efeheators or Commiflioners, upon Pain of the Forfeiture of xx. li. to be paid, that is to fay, the one Half to the King, and the other Half to the ’ Party at whofe Suit he fhall be convidt, return the Inquefts before them taken into the Chancery of our Lord the King, or into the Exchequ :r, within a Month next after the taking of the fame. And every Man which will fue for the King fhall have the Suit in this Behalf. (10) Provided always, That this Statute begin and take Effedt and Force in the Feaft of Eafler next coming, and not before, to endure for ever..’

CAP.

A. D. 1429.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond, partie qe pur luy mefmes ou pur le Roy ou autre perfone qeconqe voille purfuer foit convict due-ment pur chefcun enqueft enfy priz qe encourge la peine & forfaiture de xl. li. a paiers ceftaflaver lun moite au Roi h lautre moite au partie a qi fuyte il ferra convidt. Et qe nulles terres ne tenementz feifez es mayns noftre Seignur le Roy fur enqueftez prifez devaunt les efehetours ou com-milfiqners ne foient afeunement leffez ne grauntez a ferme par le Chauneeller ou Treforer dEngleterre ou autre officer noftre Seignur leP.oi qiconqe tanqe qe mefmes les enqueftes & verditz foient retournez pleinement en la Chauncellarie ou en lefehequer mes demoergent toutz tielx terres & tenementz en-tierment & continualment es mains noftre Seignur le Roy tanqe les ditz enqueftes & verditz foient retournez & par un mois apres mefme le-retourne ft iffint ne foit qe celuy ou ceux qi fente ou fentent eux grevez par mefmes les enqueftes ou ouftez de.lour terres ou tenementz veignent err la Chauncellarie & foy proferont de traverfer lez ditz enqueftes & foy ofFeront de prendre mefmes les terres h tenementz a ferine. Et qe ft iffint fount qe adonqes mefmes lez terres & tenementz foient commiz a eux fils mon-ftrent bones evidencez provantz lour travers eftre verrois folonc la fourme de leftatut fait lan xxxje le Roy E. tiers puis le conqueft a tenir tanqe lifl'ue fur mefme le travers pris foit’& difeuffu pur le Roy ou pur le partie trovant fufficiant fuerte de fuir le dit travers ove effedt & de rendre & .paier a noftre Seignur le Roy le annuel value des tenementz dont le travers enfi ferra priz fil foit difeuffe pur le Roy,. Et ft afeuns lettres patentz des afeuns terres ou tenementz foient faitz au contrarie a afeun autre perfone ou leffez a ferme deins le dit moys apres le dit mois du retourne foient voidez & tenuz pur null.. Et qe les efehetours & commiflioners fur peine de forfaiture de xx. li. a paiers ceftafiavoir lun moite al Roi & lautre moite al partie a qi fuyt il ferra convidt retournent en la Chauncellarie noftre Seignur le Roy ou en lefehequer lez enqueftes devaunt eux prifez deins un moys profeheyn apres la prife dicelles. Et eyt chefcun qi voet fuyr pur le Roy la fuyte en ceil partie. Purveu toutz foitz qe ceft eftatut commence & preigne effedt & force en la feft de Pafqe profehein avenir a durer perpetuel-, ment & nemye devaunt.

XVII.

Wools, Fells, &c. Flipped out of England, Wales, or Ireland, for any Place but Calais, fhall be forfeited by the double, except by Merchants of Jean, Venice, &c. See Appendix.

CAP. XVIII.

Certain Ordinances made for the Prices of Merchandifes, and Maintenance of the Town and

.Mint at Calais. See Appendix.

CAP. XIX.

If a Mariner fhall receive into his Ship any Merchandifes, or carry them to any other Place than to the Staple at Calais, the Goods and Ship fhall be forfeited- See Appendix.

CAP. XX.

No Merchant of Calais fhall buy beyond the Sea any Merchandife of the Staple.-

See Appendix.

4,	.	CAP,

Anno o&avo Henrici VI.

C. 21—-23.	555

CAP. XXL

A Repeal of all Licences granted to Men of Newcaftle and Berwick, to carry Merehandifes to ocher Places than to Calais. The Penalty for carrying of Merehandifes of the Staple into Scotland. See Appendix.

CAP. XXII.

What is requifite to be done in winding and packing of Wool.

beard any Wooll.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe graunt arerifment avelgne au Roy' de fez cuftumes & fubfidies par ceux qi clakkent h forcent les bones lains du Roialme pur eux cariet dehors dicell en eftraunges paiis ordinez eft qe null eftraunger ne face forcer clak-ker ne harder null manor des leins pur carier hors du Roialme fur peine de forfeiture de meftnes lez lains' ovefqe le double value dicell & dem-prifonement de fon corps. Et qe null pakkur dez lains ne face deins le dit Roialme forfqe bone Sc due pakkure ne qe null face null inwynde deins la tefone des lains a lenrollement de fes lains ne nrette en icell lokkes pelwoll tarre peers fablon terre ne herbe 11c null autre ordeur et qiqe le face eit la partie qe fe fente greve envers luy fa adtion a1 la commune ley de trel’pas Sc deceit.

None Ihall force, clack, or

2 3 H. 3. c. 17. See farther concerning thi Exportation ofJVcclt&c. 12 Car, 2. TV. 3. c. 10. 4 Ann. c, 7. 3 Geo. r. c. 21. 4 Geo» I. c. 11. 5 Go.

29 Geo. 2, c, 33. and 30 Geo. 2, c. 12.

ITEM, For as much as great Hinderance cometli to the King in his Cuftoms and Subfidies by them that do clack and force the good Wools of the Realm, to carry them out of the fame into ftrange Countries c (2) it is ordained, That no Stranger fhall caufe to be forced, clacked, nor bearded, any Manner of Woolls, to carry them out of the Realm, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame Woolls, with the double Value of the fame, and of Imprifonment of his Body. (3) And that no Wool-packer fhall make within the Realm, bur good and due Packing ;

(4) and that no Man make any Inwinding within the Fleece of Woolls at the rolling upi of his Woolls, nor put in the fame Locks, Peltwooll, Tar, Stones,

Sand, Earth, Grafs, nor any Dirt; (5) and if any do, he that feeleth him grieved lhall have his Action at the Common Law, of Trefpafs and Deceit.’	Farther f ront idea

for 3 Ed- 4. c. 1.

32. 13 & 14 Car, 2. c. 18. 7 & 8 TV, 3. c. 28. 9 £? 10 TV. 3. c.	10£fn

j. f. II* 5	f,	21,	i2Geo.z,c.2i,	25	Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Qe:% 2. c. $&n.

CAP. XXIII.

No Thrums of Woollen Yarn fhall be carried out of the Realm.

ITEM pur taunt qe les textours deins le Roialme fount Sc devaunt ces heours ount eftez accuftumez quant ils ount overez un drap bien pres le fin de trencher a part a lour finguler avantage les files qi demuront nient texez & les appellent t'nrommcs a graunde deceit de ceux as queux les dit draps fount & mefmes les thrommes vendount a tielx performs qe icelles amefnent en Elaundres Sc autres eflraunges paiis come bone merchaniife tut foit qe noftre Seignur le Roy ent nad null profit de cultume ne fubiidee qar defoubz le colour de tielx thrommes diverfes perfones fibien eftraungiers come dejnfzeins engrocent & coillent cs diverfes parties du dit Roialme graunde' quan-tite des files des fines lains appellez Wollenyarn' & icellcs amefnent es dites eftraunges parties & ent faccnt bones draps ency qe defoubz cell fub-tile colour noftre Seignur le Roy eft chefcun an graundement defraudez de fez cuftumes Sc fubfi-dees qe a luy devoient fourder fils feuffent pteine- : ment oeverez dcinz le dit Roialme ou autrement fils ne feurent oeverez mes en lains amefnez a: lcftaple de Caleis. Pur qoy- ordinez eft qe null homme ne carie ne amefne hors du Roialme null maner des thrommes ne files des lains appellez, Wollenyarn defoubz colour de thrommes fur pain de forfeiture dc la double value dicell.	I

“ TTEM, Becaufe the Weavers within this Realm “ J. be and heretofore have been accuftomed, that “ when they wrought a Cloth near the EnJ, to cut ‘4 away for their private Profit the Thread which is u left unwoven, and call the fame Thrums, and to the “ great Deceit of the Owners of the fame Cloths, they “ fell the fame Thrums to fuch Perfons which carry “ them into Flanders and other Places*', though the * Add «g “ King have thereof no Profit of Cuftcm nor Subfidy: f-tcrdj-.i.ne. “ (2) For under the Colour of fuch Thrums divers “ Perfons, as wrnll Strangers as Denizens, do ingrofs c< and gather in divers Parts of the faid Realm, great “ Qiiantity of Woollen Thread, called Woollen “ Yarn, and the fame do carry to the faid ftrange “ Parts, and thereof make good Cloths; (3) fo that “ under this fubtil Colour the King is yearly greatly u defrauded of his Cuftoms anJ Subfidies, which “ ought to rife to him, if they were fully wrought “ within the faid Realm, or elfe if they were not “ v.-rought, but in Woolls brought to the Staple of “ Calais A 1 (4) Wherefore it is ordained, That no c Man fhall carry or convey out of the faid Realm c any Manner of Thrums, or Woollen Yarn under * Colour of Thrums, upon Pain to forfeit the double ‘ Value of the fame.’	2.	h.	6.	c.	j.

B b b b a

CAP,

CAP. XXIV.

None fhall pay Merchants Aliens in Gold, but in Silver. Merchandife ffiall not be fold to

an Alien, but for prefent Payment.

“ TTEM, For that Merchants Aliens of late have 44 I. taken in Cuftom, that when they fell any of 44 their Merchandifes to any Perfon within the Realm, “ they will not demand nor receive for any Payment 44 for the fame any Manner of Silver, as they were 44 wont, but only Gold Nobles, Half Nobles, and 44 Farthings, which from time to time they do carry 44 out of the Realm into other ftrange Countries, 44 where they be changed to their Increafe, and forged “ in other Coins, fo that they gain in the Allay of 44 every Noble Twenty Pence, againft the Tenour 44 of the Statutes thereof made, and to the great Pre-44 judice of this whole Realm.”

No Man frail be 4 II. Our Lord the King willing in this Cafe to compelled to ‘ provide Remedy, hath ordained. That no Merchant pay Gold to a <. Alien fha]j conftrain nor bind any of the King’s liege 'hTy^c. 1 T’ 4 People by Promife, Covenant or Bond, to make him * Read 13/	4 Payment isr Gold for any Manner of Debt which

4	to him may be due, nor refufe to receive Payment 4 in Silver for any Manner of fuch Duty or Debt, upon ;V 4 the Pain of the double Value of the fame. (2) And 4 alfo to efchew the great Loffes which divers Perfons 4 of this Realm of England have had, and alfo be 4 likely to have, for their Loans made of their Mer-4 chandifes to Merchants Aliens, which have fled 4 with the fame, and daily take Sandluaries, it is or-NotlngHfrman 4 dained, That no Englijhman fhall fell within this frail fell his ‘ Realm, or caufe to be fold hereafter, to any Mer-Coods to a Mer-■ < (-ha,.)- Alien, any Manner of Merchandifes, but only fo/prefentPay- ‘ f°r ready Payment in hand, or elfe in Merchandifes ment, or other 4 for Merchandifes, to be paid and contented in hand, Merchandife. ‘ upon Pain of Forfeiture of the fame.’ filtered by 9 H.

6. c, 2,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe les merchantz aliens jatarde ount prife en cuftume qe quant ils vendont afcuns de lour merchandifes a afcun perfone deins le Roialme ils ne voillent demaunder ne receiver pur afcun paiement pur icell null maner dargent ficome ils foloient faire mes foulment or nobles dirni nobles St ferlyngs les queux de temps en temps ils amefnent hors du Roialme en autres eflraunges paiis lou ils fount chaungiez a lour en-crece & forgez en autres coignes enfy qils gaig-nent en lallaie de chefcun noble xx d. encontre Ie tenure des eftatutz ent faitz a graunde prejudice du Roi & de fon Roialme univerfell.

Noftre dit Seignur le Roi en ceo cas voillant purvoier de remedie ad ordine qe null marchant alien ne ferra arter ne lier afcun des lieges du Roi par pad! covenant ne lige de luy faire paiement en or pur nulle manere de dette qi a luy poet eftre due ne refufe de receiver paiement en argent pur afcun maner de tiel- duete ou dette fur peyn de double value dicell. Et auxi pur efcheuer le graunde perde qe divers perfones de ceft Roialme ount euz & font femblablez davoir par lour ap-preftz faitz de lour merchandifes as merchantz aliens qount enfuez ovec icelles & de jour e t autre preignent fanctuaries ordinez eft qe null Englois ne vende deinz ceft Roialme ne face vendre de ceft jour en avaunt a null marchant alien null maner de merchandifes mes foulement pur prell paiement en moneye ou autrement en merchandifes pur merchandifes pur eftre paiez & content en main fur peyn de forfaiturc dicell.

C A P. XXV.

The Mayor of the Staple of Calais fhall continue two Years in his Office., See Appendix..

C A P. XXVI.

The Penalty if in any Adlion the Defendant make Default to put the Lords, Mayors, l£c.

from their Jurifdi&ion.

c> TTEM, It is ordained by the Authority aforefttid,

4 J. That in all Writs of Affifes, and of Addons per-4 fonal, fuea or to be fued before the King in his 4 Bench, Juftices of the Common Place, or any 4 other the King’s juftices for he time being, of any 4 Lands or Tenements, or of any thing beings and 4 rifing within any Seignory, Franchife, or antient 4 Demefne, whereof tire Cognizance or Jurifdidtion 4 ought to- pertain to any Lords, Mayors, Bailiffs,

4 Citizens, Burgeffes, or Commonalty of fuch Seigno-4 ries, Frauchifes, or antient Demelne, that then if 4 any Defendant in any fuch Aflife, or other Actions, 4 perfonal, make any Default, to put out,, exclude, 4' and expel the aforefaid Lords., Mayors, Bailiffs, 4 Citizens, Burgeffes, or Commonalty of their Cog-4' nizance or Franchife, that the Juftices, at the Re-*' queft of the faid Lords, Mayors, Bailiffs, Citizens, *• Burgeffes,. or Commonalty, fhall make Inquiry by p the ASife. where fuch Exception, is alkdged in Af-

ITEM ordinez eft par audlorite defhfdite qen;

toutz briefs daffifes & dadtions perfonelx fuez-ou a.fuers devaunt le Roi.en fon.bank Juftices de commune Bank ou autres Juftices le Roi qiconqe pur le temps efteantz dafeuns terres. tenementz. ou autres chofes efteant ou furdaunt deinz afcuns-Seignurie fraunchife ou auncien demefne dount la conufance ou jurifdiftion doit aperteigner as afcuns Seignurs. mairs baillifs citezeins burgeys ou communalte de tielx Seignurs fraunchife out auncien demefne qe adonqes ft afcun defendant en. afcun tiel- aflife ou- autres actions perfonelx face definite pur ouftier & excluder les ditz Seignurs mairs baillifs citezeins burgeys ou communalte de lour fraunchife ou- conufance qe les Juftices. al requeft dez ditz Seignurs mairs baillifs citezeins burgeys ou communalte facent enquerer par laffife-ou tiel exception eft alegge en aflife & en aciions

perfonelx.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. perfonelx par enqueftz apprendre devaunt les Juf-tices fi tielx defautes foient faitz come defuis eft dit ou nemye en queulx ailife & enqueft iflint apprendre fibien les pleintifs come les Seignurs mairs baillifs citezeins burgeys & communalte purront aver lour chalaungs. Et fi trove foit par tielx affnc ou enqucftes iflint apprendres qe tielx defautes foient faitz par collufion pur ouitier & excluder les ditz Seignurs mairs baillifs citezeins burgeys ou communalte de lour fraunchife liber-tees conufances ou jurifdiclion qe en tielx cafes les ditz briefi foient abatuz & lez pleintifs foient en la mercy le Roy par confideration qil eft ordine par leftatuit fait lan du reigne le Roy Henry Aiel iioflre Seignur le Roi ixmc qe fi afeun mair baillif communalte ou Seignur aauncien demene foit nome en briefs daffife par collufion pur eux ouftier de lour conufance ou jurifdiition en cell partie qe les juftices primes enquergent par laflife du paiis de tiel collufion ft les ditz Seignurs mairs bailifs ou communalte le demandent. Et fi trove foit par tiel inquifition qils foient ifiint nomez par collufion qadonqes le brief abatera.

‘ fife3, and in Actions perfonals by Inquefts to be ‘ taken before the juftices, if fuch Defaults (hall be 1 made as afore is faid, or not: (2) In which Affife c and Inquefts fo to be taken, as well the Plaintiffs,

‘ as the Lords, Mayors, Bailiffs, Citizens, Burgeffes, c and Commonalty may have their Challenge. (3)9^4. c- <;■

‘ And if it be found by fuch Aflifes or Inquefts fo to Mayo,rs’

‘ be taken, that fuch Defaults fhall be made by Col-ancjent7)err°fnc c lufion, to put out and exclude the faid Lords, May-namea Diffeifors* ‘ ors, Bailiffs, Citizens, Burgeffes, or Commonaltyin Affife by Col-‘ of their Franchifes, Liberties, Cognizances, or Ju-'ufion, toput ‘ rifdiction, that in fuch Cafes the faid Writs ftialHh“°.f the!r ‘ be abated, and the Plaintiffs fhall be in the King’s °sruunc"

‘ Mercy : (4) by Confideration that it is ordained by ‘ the Statute made the Ninth Year of the Reign of c King Henry, Grandfather to our Lord the King, e That if any Mayor, Bailiff, Commonalty, or Lord ‘ of antient Demefne be named in 'Writs of Affifes ‘ by Collufion, to put them out of their Cognizance ‘ or Jurifdiilion in this Behalf, that the Juftices firft:

‘ fhall inquire by the Affife of the Country, of fuch ‘ Collufion, if the faid Lords, Mayors, Bailiffs, or c Commonalty the fame require ; (5) and if it be found ‘ by fuch Inquifition, that they be fo named by Col-‘ lufion, that then the Writ fhall abate.5

CAP. XXVII.

A Remedy for the Inhabitants of Tewkejbury in the County of Gloucejler, againft the Commonalty of the Forell of Dean, &c. to prevent future Robberies and Injuries in the Navigation on the Severn. See Appendix.

C A P. XXVIII.

There fhall be a Bridge made over the Water of Burford, and another over the Water of ^on^RcU

Culhamford in the County of Oxfords

CAP. XXIX.

An Inqueft fhall be De medietate lingua, where an Alien is Party.

ITEM come en le parlemcnt tenuz a Weftm5 lan xxvij'"e du Roi E. tierce entre autres chofes en favour & libertee des merchantz ef-traungiers repairantz en le Roialme dEngleterre ordine foit qe ft plee ou debate foit moeve devaunt le mair de leftaple entre les marchantz ou mi-niftres dicell Si fur ceo pur trier la verite enquefte ou proeve foit apprendre ft lun partie & lautre foit eftraunge foit trie par eftraunges & ft lun partie Si lautre foit deinfzein foit trie par deinfzeins et fi lun partie foit deinfzein & lautre alien foit lun moite de deinfzeins & lautre moite des aliens et enoutre qen toutz maners des enqueftes & proeves qi ferroient apprendres ou affairs entre aliens & deinfzeins foient ils merchantz ou autres I fibien devaunt le mair de leftaple come devaunt 1 qeconqes autres juggez ou miniftres tout foit le Roi partie foit lun moitee del enqueft ou proeve dez deinfzeins & lautre moitee des aliens ft tantz des aliens foient en la ville ou lieu ou tiel enqueft ou proeve foit apprendre qe ne foient my parties ne ove les parties en contractz plees ou autres querelles dount tielx enqueftes ou proe-es deyvent eftre prifez et ft tant dez aliens ne foient point 2.

ITEM, Whereas in the Parliament holden atWeJl- 28 Ed. 3- e. 13, ?ninjler the Twenty-eighth Year of King Ed-“ ward the Third, amongft other Wings in lavour “ and Liberty of the Merchants Strangers repairing; te into the Realm of England, it was ordained. That “ if a Plea or Debate be moved before the Mayor of “ the Staple amongft the Merchants or Minifters of'

“ the fame, and for to try the Truth thereof an In-“ queft or Proof is to be taken, if the one Party and “ the other be ftrange, it Ihould be tried by Strangers “ (2) and if the one Party and the other be Denizens,. cs it ihould be tried by Denizens; (3) and if the: ec one Party be Denizen, and the other an Alien, the “ one half Ihould be of Denizens, and the other half’

“ Aliens ; (4) and moreover, that in all Inquefts and.

“ Proofs which fhall be taken and made betwixt ce Aliens and Denizens, be they Merchants or other,.

“ as well before the Mayor of the Staple, as before “ any other Judges or Minifters, although our Lord “ the King be Party, the one half of the Inqueft or “ Proof Ihould be of Denizens, and the other half of “ Aliens, if there be fo many A iens in the Town or ec Place where fuch Inqueft or Proof is to be taken,

“ that be not Parties, nor with the Parties in Con—

“ trails, Pleas, or other Quarrel:,, whereof fuch In—

“ quells or Proofs ought, to. he taken (57 apd if there-

(f,

cc

1 H. 5, flat. 2.

c, 7.

sc

6C

CC

C<

be not fo many Aliens, then fo many Aliens fliall “ be put in fuch Inquefts or Proof as fhall be found “ in the fame Places or Towns whidr be not Parties. “ thereunto, nor with the Parties as before is faid,. “ and the Remnant of Denizens which: be good Men,, and not fufpedt of the one Party nor of the other. (6) Sithence which Ordinance the faid Merchants “ Aliens have been always demeaned and ruled, as wells “ in the Staples, as in other of the King’s Courts,. c( after the Form of the faid Ordinance, until now “ of late they have been thereof reftrained and im-“ peached .by Colour of another Statute made in the “ Parliament holden at IVeJhninJier the Second Year “ of King Hekry, Father to our Lord the King that “ now is ; (7) by which Statute, for the great Mif-cc chiefs. Damages, and Difheril'ons, which daily do “ happen through the Realm, as well in cafe of the “ Death of a Man, as in cafe of Freehold and other “ Cafes, by them that pafs in Inquefts in the faid “ Cafe, which were common. Jurors,, and other which had but little or nothing to live upon but by fuch Inquefts, and which had nothing to lofe becaufe “ of their falfe Oaths, whereby, they do the more “ lightly offend their Confciences; (8) and for Amend-“ ment and Corretftion thereof to be had, it was or-“ dained and ftablifhed, That no Perfon be-admitted to pafs in any Inqueft upon Trial of the Death of a Man, nor in any Inqucit between Party and Party. “ in Plea Real or Perfonal, whereof the Debt and the “ Damages declared do amount, to Forty. Marks, ex-•“ cept the fame Perfon have Lands or Tenements “ to the yearly Value of Forty Shillings above all “ Charges ; (g) becaufe of which Reftraint and Im-“ peachment fo made to divers Merchants Aliens’, many of the fame Merchants Aliens, have withdrawn, and daily do withdraw them, and efehew “ to come and be converfant on this Side the Sea, and “ likely it is, that all the fame Merchants Aliens will “ depart out of the fame Realm o(England, if the faid lait Statute be not more plainly declared, and the “ faid Merchants Aliens ruled, governed, and demeaned in fuch Inquefts, according to the firft Ordinance aforefaid, to the great diminifhing of the King’s Sublidies, and grievous-Lofs and Damage of all his faid Realm of England, (io) Our Lord the King confidering the Premifl’es, and how that it was not the Meaning of the faid late King, nor of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of the laid Parliament, to hinder or prejudice the faid firft Ordinance by the faid laft Statute, (ij) and that the faid laft Statute was made in rcfpefl: of the Mifchiefs and Difherifons that happened by the falfe Oaths of the com-“ mon Jurors of the Realm of England, as it appear-“ eth by exprefs Words of the fame Statute, and how “ that the faid Merchants Aliens be not common Ju-“ rors, nor inhabiting within the faid Realm, nor “ may not purchafe nor enjoy any Lands orTenements “ in the fame, without the King’s fpecial Licence A Confirmation ‘ (j2.) and the fame our Lord the King willing therein of the s-ntutc t. tQ prov;c|e for thc Weal and Profit of him and all or<ijini'n|’that In‘ his Realm, and to efehew the Damages and Incon-inq idt itrali be * venicncics which may cafily happen in this Behalf, rczn‘ alftF to give to the faid Merchants Aliens the (Li cn Is Forty. ‘ greater Courage and Defire to come with their Wares

tc

cc

CC

cc

ct ( c

SC

Ex Ret. in Ttirr. Lond. adonqes foient myz en tielx enqueftes ou proeves tantz des aliens-, come ferront- trovez en meftnes les lieux.ou villes qi a ceo ne foint my parties ne ove les parties come devaunt feft dit & le reme-naunt des deinfzeins qi foient prodes hommes & nient fufpicioufes a lun partie ne a lautre. Depuis quell ordinance les ditz marchantz-aliens -ount efte tout temps demefnez & reulez fibien en les ditz eftaples come' en les autres Courtes du ■Roy folonc la forme dicell ordinance tanqejatarde qils ent ount efte- reftreintz & empefehiez par colour dun autre eftatuitfait en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du regne le Roi H. pier noftre Seig-nur. le Roi.qoreft fecoudc par quell eftatut pur les graundes mefehiefs & delheritances qe de jour en: autre- aveignoient parniy, le- Roialme dEngle-terre fibien- en cas de morte de home come en cas. de franc tenement-' &' en autres cafes' par ceux qi pafferent es enqueftes en les dites cafes qi feurent communes jourrours &t autres qi navoient qe poie. de vivere mes par tielx enqueftes &- Jez queux. navoient- rien a perdre par caufe de lour faux ferementz parount ils le pluis Jegrerment off’enderent lour confciences & pur correction & amendement ent avoir ordine fuift & eftablie qe null perfone foit admys de palfer en afeun enqueft triall dfe morte de horrime ne en afeun enquefte parentre partie et partie en plee reall ou perfoneil dount le dette & Iez dammages declares amounted a xl. marcs fi mefme la- perfone nait terres ou tenementz. del annuel value de xl. s. par an outre les reprifes dieelles A caufe de quell reftreint & empefehement enfy faitz as ditz merchantz aliens piufours de meftnes lez marchantz aliens lour o.uiit retraihez &"le retrah’ent de jour en autre & efehuent de venir & converfer par decea & verifemblable eft qe treftoutz mefmes les marchantz aliens lour voillent departier hors de mefme le Roialme ft le dit darrein eftatut ne foit pluis overtement declarez & lez ditz merchantz aliens reulez governez & demefnez en tielx enqueftes folone la fourme del primer-ordinaunce dbf.'ifdite a trefgraunde amenufement- des fub-fidees du Roi & grevoufe- perde & dammage a tout for. Roialme avauntdit. Noftre dit Seignur le Roi confiderant les premifTcs &-qil ne fuift my lentention du dit nadgairs Roi ne de' les Seig-nurs efpirituelx k temporelx de fon dit parlement de deroger- ou prejudicer a le dit primer ordinaunce par le dit darren eftatut & qe mefme le • darrein eftatut fuift fait a caufe des mefehiefs k difiieritances qavenoient per lez faux ferementz des communes jurrours du Roialme ficome il appiert par expreftes paroles de mefme leftatut k coment les ditz marchantz aliens ne font mye communes jurrours ne enhcritables deinz le dit Roialme ne purront purchacer nenjoier afeuns terres ou tenementz en icell faunz efpeciall licence du Roi. Et voillant pur ceo mefme noftre Seignur le Roi purveier pur le bien & profit de luy & de fon dit Roialme & pur efeheuer les dammages k inconveniences qi purront legierment aver.ii- cn cell partie et auxi pur doner as ditz merchantz aliens le greindre corage it talent dc

venir

A. D. 1430.	Anno	nono	Henrici	VI.	C.	1—4.	559

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lond. venir ove lour merces Sc mcrchandifes en cell: Roialme de ladvys Sc aflent des Sdgnurs efpirituclx' & temporelx efleantz enceft prefeut parkment ad dcclaree lc dit darrein eftatut fait en temps de fon dit pier noun .eftrc afcunement prcjudiciell au dite primere ordinaunce ne fe extendre mes tant-foulcment a les enqueftcs aprendres parentre deinfzein Sc deinfzein •& nem.y a les autres enqueftes Sc proeves defufdites & la dite primere ordinance deftre effeiStuell & eftoier en fa force Sc deftre myz en due execution folonc la forme dicell le dit darrein eftatut ou ceo qe lez aliens riount my terres ou tenementz a le value de xl. s. par an folonc la contenue de mefme le darrein eftatut nient contrifteant.

‘ and Merchandifes into this Realm, by the Advice and 4 Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being 4 in this prefent Parliament, hath declared the faid lalt 4 Statute, made in the i ime of his Father, to be in 4 no wife prejudicial to the faid Ordinance, nor to ex-4 tend itfelf but only to the Inquefts to be taken bc-An,i the Statute 4 tsvixt Denizen and Denizen, and not to other In- °fz H' 5- a.M\

4 quefts and Proofs aforefaid; (13) and the faid inqueflsTakcn ‘ Ordinance to be eftedtual and ftand in Force, and between Denizen ‘ to be put indue Execution according to the Form azid Denizen.

4 of the fame, notwithftanding the faid laft Statute, or ‘ that the Aliens have not Lands or Tenements to the 4 Value of Forty Shillings by the Year, according to 4 the Purport of the fame laft Statute and Ordinance.’

Statutes madeat Weftminfter, Anno 9 Hen. VI, and Anno Dom. 1430.

Ex Rot. in Tutr. Lond.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le Vendredy profehein devar.t le fell de Seint Hillary lan du -regne noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft noefifme diverfez eftatutz & ordenaunces feurent faitz Sc ordinez par advis Sc aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx Sc a la efpeciall requeft des Communes du Roialme en le dit parlement affemblez en la fourme qenfuit.

C A

44 AT the Parliament holden at IVeJtminJler the 44	Friday	next	before	the	Feaft	of	St.	Hillary,

44 X the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Lord 44 the King that now is, divers Statutes and Ordi-44 nances were made and eftablifhed by the Advice 44 and Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 44 and at the fpecial Requeft of the Commons of the 44 Realm aflembled in the faid Parliament, in the Form' 44 following,”

P. I.

All Affifes and Nifiprius fhall be adjourned during this Parliament, until certain Days..

See Afpertdix.

CAP. II.

Englijh Merchants may fell their Merchandife to Aliens, giving them only fix Months Credit,' notwithftanding the Statute of 8 Hen. 6. c. 24. See Appendix.

C A P. . III.-

The Proceedings again td Qvoen Glendour, attainted of High Treafon, Aral I ftand good, notwithftanding any Error, Mifprifion, &c. but lhall not prejudice his Heirs. See Appendix.

CAP. IV.

An Identitate nominis maintainable by Executors, SAc.

ITE.M pur ceo qe avaunt ces heures diverfes 44 utlagaries ount efte pronunciez en divers des 44 lieges du Roi ftbien devaunt leftatut dadditions fait 44 aWeftm’ lan primer le Roi Henri quint pier a 44 noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft come depuis a caufe 44 des queles utlagaries les c rps dautres gentz eiantz 44 autielx & femblables nouns come ceux qi feurent 44 utlagez en fait. avoient ount efte prifez Sc emprifo- 44 nez Sc lours bier.s Sc chateulx pur celle caufe par 44 lefehetours noftre dit Seignur le Roi Sc fes nobles! 44 progenitours feifez.et combien qe par le commune 44 ley du Roialme brief de idemptitate nominis ad 44 eftee maintenable pur mefme la perfone qe en la 44 fourme fuifdite fuift n olefte & rreve nepurquant fi 44 afeune perfone des ditz lieges eiant femblabie noun 44 come afeun autre perfone de.mefmez les lieges qen i 44

ITEM, For that before this Time many Outlaw-j h, j, c, 5i ries have been pronounced againft divers of the King’s liege People, as well before the Statute of Additions ade at TVcftminJler the Firft Year of King Henry the Fifth, Father to our Ford the King that now is, as fithence, in refpeift of which Outlawries, the Bodies of other Perfons havingfuch and like Names as they had which were outlawed indeed, have been taken and imprifoned, and their Goods and Chatties for this Caufe feifed by the Efcheators of the King and of his noble Progenitors : (2) And 37 Ed. 3. c, 2t although that by the Common Law of the Realm aRa^. 407. Writ of Idem titate nominis hath been maintainable for the fame Perfon, which in the Form aforefaid was molefted and grieved; neverthelefs if any Perfon of the faid Lieges, having like Name as any.other Per-

“ fon"'

“ fon of the fame liege People which was outlawed in “ Deed, had made his Executors, and died, often it “ happened, that by Malice and fubtil Imaginations “ the Goods and Chatties of fuch Teftator, which had “ the fame Name as he had which was outlawed in tc Deed, were feifed and efeheated to the Hands of our “ Lord the King and of his Progenitors, in Retardation “ of the Execution of the Teftament of every fuch “ Teftator, for the Doubt which hath been, whether “ any Executors may by the Common Law have a An I&cmptitatt “ Writ oS Idemptitate norjunis^ or not.” ‘ (3) Where-mminh main- ‘ fore to take away and remove all fuch Ambiguities tamable by the t	j)oupts jn this Cafe hereafter, of the Aflent and

Teftator'wrong- ‘ Advice aforefaid, and at the fpecial Rcqueft of the fully molefted ‘ faid Commons, it is ordained and eftablilhed by Au-bv colour of any ‘ thority of this Parliament, That a Writ of Idemptitate Outlawry. < nominis he granted and made good and maintainable ‘ for the Executors of every Teftator, to the fame Ef-1 fret that the fame Aftion of Idemptitate nominis was c maintainable before this Parliament for any Perfon

*	himfelf which was or might have been molefted or

*	grieved becaufe or by colour of any fuch Outlawry. c (4) And that this Ordinance (hall have relation and e force, by Authority aforefaid, for the Executors of c every Teftator, as well of every Outlawry pro-‘ nounced againft any Perfon at any Time before this ‘ Parliament, as of all Manner of Outlawries to be

Rcg-ft. 194. c pronounced againft any Perfon in Time to come.’

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lend, fait fuift utlage avoit fift fes executours Sc moruft fovent avient qe par malice Sc fubtilx ymagina-tions les biens Sc chateux de tiel teftatour qe avoit mefme le noun come celuy qi fuift utlage en fait avoit eftoient feifez Sc efehetez cs mains noftre dit Seignur le Roi Sc de fes ditz progenitours en retardation del execution del teftement de checun tiel teftatour pur le doute qad eftee de ceo qe afeuns executours purroient par la commune ley avoir brief de idemptitate nominis ou noun. Sur quoy pur toller Sc remover toutz tielx doutes Sc ambiguites en ceft cas en apres del affent Sc advis fuifditz & a la efpecial requeft des ditz Communes ordeinez eft Sc eftablez par auc-torite de ceft parlement qe brief de idemptitate nominis foit & poet eftre graunte & done bone & maintenable pur les executours de chefcun teftatour auxibien Sc de mefme leffeft come la dite action de idemptitate .nominis fuift maintenable devaunt ceft parlement pur afeune perfone mefme qi fuift ou purroit avoir efte molefte ou greve par caufe ou colour dafeune tiel utlagarie. Et qe cefte ordenaunce ait relation Sc force par lauftorite fuif-dite pur executours de chefcun teftatour fibien de chefeune utlagarie pronuncie en afeun perfone a afeun temps devaunt ceft parlement come de toutz maners dutlagaries pronwnciez en afeun perfone en temps avenir.

CAP. V.

All Men lhall have free Paflage in Severn with Goods, Chattels, Sic.

S H. 6. c. 27,

Farther prw'ided for Uj H. 7.

c. j'3.

23 H. S, c. 12.

c‘ T TEM, Becaufe the River of Severn is common ‘‘ iL to all the King’s liege People, to carry and re-“ carry within the Stream of the faid River, to Brijiol, “ Gloncejhr, and JVortefter, and other Places adjoining ‘£ to the faid River, all Manner of Merchandifes and “ other Goods and Chatties, as well inTrowes and “ Boats, as in Flotes commonly called Drags, in every “ Part joining to the faid River; (3) within which “ River many JEelJhnen and other Perfons dwelling in “ divers Places joining to the faid River, have now “ late aflembled in great Number, arrayed in Manner “ of War, and taken fuch Flotes, otherwife called “ Drags, and them have hewed in Pieces, and with “ Force and Arms beaten the People which were in “ fuch Drags, to the Intent that they flrould hire of “ the faid Wcljhmen and other Perfons, for great Sums “ of Money, Boats, and other Veflels for Carriage of “ fuch Merchandifes, and other Goods and Chatties, tc to an evil Example and great Impoveriftiment of the “ faid liege People, if Remedy be not haftily provi-“ ded (^) it is ordained by Authority of this Parlia-‘ ment, 1 hat the faid liege People of the King may x have and enjoy their free Paflage in the faid River * with Flotes ana Drags, and all Manner of Mcrchan-1 difes, and other Goods and Chatties, at their Will, “• without Difturbance of any; (4) and if any be dif-‘ turbed of his free Paflage in the faid River, the Party £ grieved fhall have his Aftion according to the Courfe ‘ of the Common Law,’

ITEM pur tant qe la ryver de Severne eft commune a toutz les leiges du Roi de carier Sc recarier deinz le ftrerne du dit ryver a Bri-ftuyt Glouceftre Sc Worceftre Sc autres lieux au dit river adjoynantz toutz maners des merchandifes Sc autres biens & chateux fibien en trowes Sc batelx come en flotes autrement appellez dragges en chefcun partie adjoynant au dit river deinz quell river divers Galeis Sc autres perfones demurantez en divers lieux adjoynantz au dit river ount ore tarde aflembles en graunde noumbre arraiez en faire de guerre Sc pris tielx flotus autrement appellez dragges Sc eux ount trenchez en peces Sc ove force Sc armes batuz lex gentz queux feurent en tielx flotus a lentent qils lowerent des ditz Galeys Sc autres perfones pur graunde fumme de moneye batelx Sc autres veflelx pur. cariage des tielx merchandifes & autres biens & chateux a malveis enfample Sc graunde empo-verifiment des ditz lieges fils ne foient hafti-ment remediez. Si eft ordinez par auftorite de ceft parlement qe les ditz lieges du Roi pur-ront avoier Sc enjoier lour frank paflage en le dit river ove flotus Sc dragges Sc toutz maners des merchandifes & autres b.ens Sc chateux a lour volunte faunz defturbaunce de nully. Et fi afeun foit deftourbe de fon frank paflage en le dit river ait la partie greve fa aftion folonc le cours de la commune ley.

C A P.

A. D. 1430/

Anno nono Henrici VI,

C. 6—9.	561

CAP. VI.

The BurgefTes of Dorchejler ffiall have their Weighing by Twelve Miles about, &V.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM ordeignez eft & aftentuz qe par force del eftatut fait en le darrein parlement des poifcs accordantz a leftandard de lefcheker a eftre euez en chcfcune citee burgh & ville deinz le Roialme ne foient les burgeis del burgh de Dorcheftre de-ftourbcz de lour droit de ufer lour poifures par xij. leuges environ mefme le burgh ufantz toutz foitz tielx poifez come en le dit eftatut fount exprimez et qc null droit ou title de poifure foit accrue a afcuny par force de mefme le darrein eftatut en dcftourbaunce del droit dcs burgeis del burgh de Dorcheftre defuifdit.

‘ T T E M it is ordained and aflented. That by ForceBy the Statute ‘ Jl of the Statute made in the laft Parliament, of* H. 6. c. 5.

‘ Weights according to the Standard of the Exchequer'11' ®upe!T's,1of ‘ to be had in every City, Borough, and Town within^fd7fturb'd the Kealm, the Burgeiles of the Borough of Dorchejlert0 ufe their ‘ fhall not be difturbed of their Right, to ufe theifWeighing by 1 a ‘ weighing by twelve Miles round the fame Borough, ^Iiles about thc ‘ ufing always fuch Weights as in the faid Statute bc'ame-‘ exprefled ; (2) and that no Right nor Title of weigh-‘ ing grow to any by Force of the fame laft Statute, in ‘ Difturbance of the Right of the faid BurgefTes of the ‘ faid Borough of Dorchejler.’

CAP. VII.

No Sheriff, &c. of the County of Hereford fhall extort Money, or do Wrong in his Turn, by

Colour of his Office. See Appendix.

CAP. VIII.

The Weight of a Wey of Cheefe.

ITEM come il ad efte dauncien temps ac-cuftumez en toutz les countees dEngleterre qe les formages qe duflent eftre venduz par la wey ferroit poifee par le auncell et pur ceo qe a le darrein parlement tenuz a WcftnT fuift ordeigne qe les ditz auncelles a caufe de la graunde deceite dicelles ferroient deftruitz St autres poifes couch-antz ferroient celle partic ordeinuz et eft ainfi qe les poverez gentz du Roialme fount graunde-ment deceux par les dits poifes couchant a caufe qils neient conifaunce combien des livres le wey de formage tient par les ditz poifez couch-auntz. Et pur ceo au fin qe les ditz poverez gentz ne ferroient en celle partie deceux ficome ils ount eftee depuis lc dit darrein parlement or-dine eft par audiorite de cell parlement qe le pois dun wey dun formage puifle tenir xxxij. cloves ceftaflavoir chefcun clove vij. li. par les ditz poifes cochantz.

“ TTE M, Whereas it hath been of old Times ac-S H. 6. c. 5. “ JL cuftomed in ail the Counties of England, that all “ the Cheefes which ought to be fold by the Wey “ fhould be weighed by the Auncel, and becaufe that “ at the laft Parliament holden at IVejlminfter it was or-“ dr.ined, That the faid Auncels, in refpedl of the great “ Deceit of the fame, fhould be deftroyed, and other “ "Weights couching fhould be in this Beh If ordain-“ ed; and it is fo, that the poor People of the Realm “ be greatly deceived by the faid Weights couching,

“ for that they know not how many Pounds the Wey “ of Cheefe doth contain by the fail Weights couch-“ ing.” 1 if) And therefore to the Intent that the ' faid poor People fhall not be in this Behalf deceived,

£ as they have been fithence the faid laft Parliament, c it is ordained by the Authority of this Parliament,

5 That the Weight of a Wey of Cheefe may contain ‘ xxxii. Cloves, that is to fay, every Clove vii li. by ‘ the faid Weights couching.’

CAP. IX.

The Chancellor of England may grant his Commiffion to certain Perfons to fcour and amend the River Ley in the Counties of EJfex, Hertford, and Middlefex.

ITEM come ordeine foit par eftatut fait en temps le Roi E. puis le conqueft tierce lan de foil regne xxv. Pr. and txp. 15 qe toutz les gortz moleyns eftankes eftakes piles & kidelx queux feurent mys en les graundes rivers di n- Ed- 3-	4-

gleterreen temps de Sir Edward nadgairs Roi dEngleterre fitz le Roi Henri St puis par les queux niefsf c „

St batelx fount deftourbez qils nc poient palTer ficome ils foloient ferront amoevez St nettement abatuz. Et, h, 6. c! V-comcnt puis en le parlement de Sire Henry nadgairs Roi dEngleterre pier a noftre Seignur le Roi qorefti3 El. c. i3. tenuz lan de fon regne primer ordeigne foit qe fibien le dit eftatut fait le dit an xxv. come un autre eftatut fait en temps du dit Roi E, tierce lan de fon regne xlv. en toutz lour articles ferrent tenuz & fermement obferyez ajouftant a icelles qe commiffions ferront faitz as fufficeantz perfones pur eftre juiiices en chefctm countee dvngleterre ou bofoigne ferra pur furveier St garuer toutz les eavves & graundes rivers deins le clit Roialme & les defautes corriger & amender & due execution dez ditz eftatutz folonc lour eftedl affaire fibien per lour furveu avifement & c iferetion come par inquifitions deins libertees & dehors ent apprendtez qant bofoigne ferra & a toutz "les premifles oier & terminer. Et nient obftantz toutz les ditz eftatutz & plu-fours autres eftatutz faitz pur la confervacie de les ditz graundes rivers il y ad fi graunde noumbre des fhelpes deins la river de Ley qeft en les countees dEflex Hertf’ & Midd’ qe court del pount de la ville de Ware jefqe al river de Thamife ies queux fnelpes fount faitz & avenuz par force & cours del dite eawe de VOL. I	Cccc	Ley

562 C. 10, 11.	Anno	nono	H enr-i.ci VI. A D. 1430.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Ley qe niefs b batelx ne poient paffer par la dite eawe de Ley ficome ils foloient pur ceo qe null poier ne audforite eft done par r.ull eftatut fait devaunt content ne en quell maner les dites fttelpes poient eftre amoevez ficome par une petition baillez en ceft parlement par ,les Communes dieell fuift pleinement declarez. Surqoy par advis & aflent des Seignurs ei'pirituelx & temporelx b auxi a la requeft des ditz Communes graunte & ordeigne qe le Chauneeller dEngleterre pur le'temps efteant-purra affigner certeins fufficeantz commiffioners qi averont poierpar audlorite de ceft parlerrent pur remoever b getter toutz les ditz fhelpes hors ded dit river de Ley fur les riparies de mefme le river parenfi qe afeun poet eftre trove qe voet emprendre de ceo faire faunz ou:.er le droit dafcuny. Et en cas qe afeun cheivfauns ou ereau. ce des afeuns fommes de moneye foient ou poient eftre fait pur oufter b amoever les ditz fhelpes qadonqes les commiffioners del dit river pur le temps efteantz par eux, & par lour deputees purront par auelonte de mefme le parlement prendre b eoiller de ehelcuit nief & batell frete paffant ou veignant en mefme la river iiij. d. pur le repaiement des ditz creaunces faitz ou faircs et pur la confervacie cu dit rivere faunz tielx Ihelpes tanqal fine de trois ans profeheins avenirs.

Mnlr	CAP.	X.

E X P. Gf Obf.

ky^iH.s.013.A Rehearfal and Confirmation of the Statute of 3 Henry 5. can. 2.

for the DtjJblutun of Abkjs, &c.

bots and other Religious Perfons, to make their Attornies.

authorifing certain Ab-

See Appendix.

C A P. XI.

Proclamations before a Writ be awarded to the Bilhop to-certify, Baftardy.

“ TTEM, Whereas by a Supplication delivered ini “ JL this prefent Parliament by the Commons of the “ fame, it was declared by Ma garct Dutchefs oiCla-“ rence, Johan Dutchefs of York, 'Sifters, and amongft “ other Heirs to Edmond Earl of Kent, Richard Duke “ of York, Rich rd Earl of Salijbury, and Alice his “ Wife, Ralph Earl of JVeJlnunland, John Lord of “ Typtoft and of Powys, and Joyce his Wife, and Henry “ Gray, Coufms, and other of the Heirs of the faid “ Edmond late Earl, as in the fame. Supplication is fup-“ poled; that i;. to fay, the Lid Duke, Son to Anne “ Daughter of Alianour, another of the Sifter of the “ faid Ecbnond; the faift Alice, Daughter to Alianour “ another Sifter of the faid Edmond-, the faid Ralph, Son to Elizabeth another Sifter of the faid Edmond; •“ the faid Jeyce^ Daughter to, the,fame Alianour. Mo-“ t'aov of Anne-, and .the faid Henry Gray, Son to Johan “ Daughter of the fame Alianour :. (2) That whereas “ Alianour, Wife to Jam s Lord Audley, pretending, “ calling, and affirming herfelf Daughter and Heir to “ the faid Edmond late Earl of Kent, and begotten and “ born in Marriage pretenced, had betwixt him and “ Conjlance late Wife of Thomas Lord Dcfpcnfer, where “ by the faid Supplication it is fuppofed, that the faid “ Alianour, Wife to the faid James, is Baftard, and “ never was any Marriage made, had, nor folemnized “ betwixt the laid Edmond and Conjlance, (3) but the faid Edmond (by the Ordinance, Will, and Agree-“ ment of King Henry the Fourth, Grandfather to “ our Lord the King that now is, after great, notable, “ and long Ambaffage had and fent to the Duke oj “ Millain, for a Marriage to be had betwixt the faid “ Edmond and Luce, Sifter to the faid Duke of Millain) “ did take to Wife, and openly and folemnly married “ the faid Luce -At London ; the faid Conjlance then living, “ and being there prefent, not claiming the faid Ecl-“ monel to her Hufband, nor any Dower of his Lands “ after his Deceafe; (4) which Marriage betwixt the “ faid Edmond and Luce fo had and folemnized, conti-“ nued without any Interruption of the faid Conjlance, “ or of any other, during the Life of the faid Edmond, “ as divers Lords and other credible and notable Per-“ fons of the faid Realm do well remember; and how “ after the Deceafe of the faid Edmoncl, the faid Luce “ was endowed of his Lands as his lawful Wife, con-“ tinuing thereof her Eftate peaceably all her Life.

I TEM come par une fupplication bailie en ceft parlement par les Communes dicell eftoit deela-rez par Margarete Duchefie de Clarence Johan Duchefie dEverwyk foers & entre autres heirs a Edmond nadgairs Count de Kent Richard Due dEverwyk Richard Count de Sarifbirs & Alece fa’femme Rauf Count de Weftmerland John Sire de Tip-toft & de Powys & Joiufe fa femme & Henri Gray eofyns &i autres des heirs -du dit Edmond nadgairs Count ficome en mefme la fupplication eft' fup-pofez ceftaftavoir le' dit Duk ntz a Anne file a Alianore une autre des foers du dit Edmond la dite Aleyfe file a Alianore une autre foer du dit Edmond le dit Rauf fitz a Elizabeth une autre foer du dit Edmond la dit'; Jojoufe file dite Alia-: nore mere a.Anne & le dit Henri Grey fitz a Johanne file a mefme la Alianore-qe, la ou Alia-nore femme a James Sire dAudeley p.retendant appellant &t aftermant luy mefme file & heir au dit Edmond nadgairs Count de Kent & engendre & nee en efpoulblx pretenfez euez parentre luy & Cuftanee nadgairs femme aThonia' Sire Defpenfer la ou par la, dit fupplieation eft fuppofe qe la dite Alianore feme au dit James eft baftard b jammes nulles el'poufelx feurent en fait euez ou folempni-fez parentre les ditz Edmond b Cuftaunce mes qe le dit-Edmond par lordinaunce volunte b agreement du Roi Henri le-quart aiel noftre Seignur.Ie Roi qoreft depuis graunde. notable & longe ambaf-fiatt euez & enjoiez- a le Dukede Melayne pur manage a eftre euez parentre le dit Edmond b Luce-foer au dit Duk de Melayne prift a femme b over-tement b folempnement efpoufa la di e Luce a Loundres vivant cell temps la dite Cuftaunce b il-loeqes efteant prefent nient clamant le dit Edmond a fon baron ne afeun dower de fes terrez puis fon deeeffe les queux efpoufilles parentre le dit Edmond & Luce enfi euz & folempnifez continuerent faunz afeun interruption du dite Cuftaunce ou dafeun autre durant la vie du dit Edmond ficome divers Seignurs b autres credibles & notables perfones du dit Roialme ount bien en lour memorie et co-ment puis la decefte du dit Edmond lavaundite Luce fuift endowe de fes terres come fa loyall femme continuant en fon eftate peifiblement par tout fa vie.	Nientmeins

G. 11.

A. D. 1430. Anno nono Henrici VI.

56

A

■Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Nientmeins la due Alianore femme James 'fur graunde fubtilite procefle -yinagine prive labour Sc autres menes Si voies coloures a lentent qele deveroit eftre certefiez muliere par afcun ordinarie en cas qe baftardie ferroit alegge en fa perfone ad porte a ceo qeft dit en examination devaunt cer-teins jugges en courtz Chriftien Si efpirituel nient enfourmcz ne aiantz conifaunce du dit fubtilite precede ymagine prive labour colourez mefnes Si voies - certeines fubornatz proves Sc perfones de fa aflent & covine depoufantz pur ele come en efpoufelx euez Si folempnif z parentre lcs ditz Edmond Si Cuftaunce & la dite Alianore femme James pur eftre engrendrez & neez dedeins mef-mes les efpoufelx les ditz Duchefle Duke dEver-wyk Count de Sarifbirs Aleife Count de Weft-merland John Sire de Tiptoft Joioufe & Henri ne null deux ent nient garniz ne fachaniz tanqe par longe temps apres la dite depofitiott fait dount jes ditz fuppliantz fe doutent eftre grevez Si em-pefchez de lour enheritaunce euez par le dit Edmond par autre fubtilite Si labour en ley tem-porel! a eftre laboure & oevere par les ditz Sire dAudeley & Alianore fa femme ficome ils vo-loient prendre afcun atftion envers afcunes perfones de lour aflent Si covyne ou autrement faire afcuns perfones de tiel aflent Si covyne prendre tine adtion envers eux ficome il eft fuppofe qils lour ordignent a ceo faire en la quell attion par les aflent & covyne fuifditz baftardie deut eftre allegge en la perfone du--dite Alianore femme James et fur ceo par aflent & covyne iflue eftre pris Si un brief deftre envoie a afcun ordinarie ou lour plerroit nient advertife des ditz fubtilite aflent Si covyne pur certefier fi la dite Alianore femme James fuift muliere ou nemye de-vaunt quell ordinarie mefme la Alianore femme James voet alegger de prover luy meftnes muliere par la dite depofition des ditz fubornatz pro-vez & adonqes la partie eu come adverfarie envers les dits Sire dAudeley Si Alianore fa femme en la dit aftion pris ou apprcndre par aflent & covyne fuifditz ne veulle null prove ne matier alegger ne defence fair devaunt le dit ordinarie envers mefmes les Sire dAudeley & Alianore fa femme mes la fuffrer la matier devaunt le dit ordinarie proceder folonc lentent des ditz Sire dAudeley & Alianore fa femme pareufi qe veri-femblable eft qe mefme lordinarie verroit certifier la dite Alianore femme James muliere la quelle certificat iflint eu Si fait deufloit par la ley dEn-gleterre difheriter les ditz Duchefle Duk dEver-wyk Count de Sarifbirs Aleyfe Count deWeft-merl’ John Sire de Tiptoft Joyoufe & Pienri & lour iifuc pur toutz jours de lender enheritaunce aVauntdit. Sur qy les premifles tendierment con-fiderez & pur eviter tielx fubtielx-difhcritaunces Cbien enle dit cas come en autres cafes fcmbla-bles en temps avenir del advis Si aflent des Seig-nurs efpirituelx & temporclx Si auxi a la fpe-cial requeft des ditz Communes cn ceft parle-ment alien,blez ordeinez eft & eftablez par auc-torite de mefme la parlement qe ft la dite Alianore femme James foit certifie muliere en afcun court devaunt ces heures qe null maner de tie! certificat pardevaunt fait pur la dite Alianore

“ II. Neverthelefs the faid AUanour, the Wife ofA feciet Prafiice ‘c James, upon great Subtilty, Procefs imagined, privytn (’,ove onc “ Labour, and other Means and coloured Ways, to in “ the Intent that fhe ought to be certified Muller by .JJ:''1. r.TJ'I “ fome Ordinary, in Cafe that Baftardy fliould be al-“ ledged in her Perfon, hath brought (as it is faid) in “ Examination before certain Judges in the Spiritual “ Court, not informed, nor having Knowledge of the “ faid Subtilty, imagined Procefs, privy Labour, and “ coloured Ways, certain fuborned Pro it's and Perfons “ of her Aflent and Covin, depofing for her, that the “ faid Allanour, the Wife of James, was begotten within “ Marriage, had and folemnized betwixt the faid Ed-“ mond and Conjiancethe faid Dutchefs, the Duke of e‘ York, and Earl of Salifbury, and Alice, Earl of JVeJl-“ merland, Joint the Lord of Yyptoft, Joyce, and Henry,

“ nor any of them thereof warned, nor knowing.until “ long Time after the Depofition fo made, whereof the “ faid Suppliants do fear them to be grieved and im-peached of their Inheritance had by the faid Edmond\

“ by another Subtilty and Labour in the 'Eemporal “ Law, to be praefifed and wrought by the faid Lord “ of Audley and AUanour his Wife ; (2) as if they will “ commence any Adlion againft any Perfons of their “ own Aflent and Covin, or otherwife will caufe fuch “ Perfons of fuch Aflent and Covin to purfue an Ac-“ tion againft them, as it is fuppofed that they intend “ to do ; in which Adtion, by the Covin and Aflent A Plaice to “ aforefaid, Baftardy ought to be alledged in the Per?- Prov1'i “ fon of the faid Allanour, Wife of Janes, and there-? J “ upon by the Aflent and Covin an Iflue is to be taken, indeed a Ballard. “ and a Writ to be fent to fome Ordinary (where it “ pleafe them, not advertifed of the faid Subtilty, Af-“ fent, and Covin) recertify if the faid Allanour, the “ Wife of James, be Muller or not, before which Or*

“ dinary the fame AUanour, Wife ok James, will al-“ ledge and prove hcrfelf Muller by the faid Depofi-11 tions of the faid fuborned Witnefles; and then the “ Party reputed as Adverfary againft the Lord of Aud-“ ley and Allanour his Wife, in the faid Adtion taken “ or to be taken b^r Aflent and Covin aforefaid, will “ alledge no Proof nor Matter, nor make any Defence “ before the faid Ordinary againft the fame Lord Aud~

“ ley and Allanour his Wife, but fuffer the Matter be-“ fore the faid Ordinary to proceed according to the “ Meaning of the faid Lord of Aiulley and Allanour his “ Wife; fo that it is very likely, that the fame Ordi-“ nary will certify the faid AUanour, the Wife of “ James, Muller-, (3) which Certificate fo had and “ made, ought by the Law of England to dilherit the “ faid Dutchefles, Duke of York, Earl of Salifbury,

“ Earl of Wejlinerland, John Lord of Yyptoft, Alice,

“ Joyce, and Henry, and their Iflue for ever, of the “ whole Inheritance aforefaid.” ‘ (4) Whereupon the 6 Premifles tenderly cOnfidered, and to efehew fuch fub-‘ til Difherifons, as well in the faid Cafe, as in other ‘ Cafes like in Time to come, by the Advice and Af-‘ fent of all the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and al-c fo at the fpecial Requeft of the faid fcommons, in 1 this Parliament aflembled, it is ordained and eftablifh-e ed by Authority of this Parliament, That if the faid ‘ AUanour, the Wife of James, be certified Muller in ‘ any Court before this Time, that no Manner of Cer-‘ tificate heretofore made for the faid AUanour, Wife ‘ of James, fliall in any wife put to prejudice, bind, c indamage, nor conclude any Perfon or Perfons, but Cccc 2	‘	him

564 C. ii«

Anno nono Henrici VI.

® Add or to he jo'wtd.

Proclamations before a Writ awarded to the Ordinary to certify Baftardy.

1 him or his Heirs that was Party to the Plea. (5) 1 And from henceforth all Juflices of or in the Courts ! where any Plea is or fhall be depending, taken, or 1 moved, in which Plea, fo depending, taken, or 1 moved, Baflardy is or lhall be alledged againfl any ; Perfon Patty to the fame Plea, and thereupon an If-: fue joined, * which by the Law ought to be certified by the Ordinary, that the Judges, or one Judge of ; or in the Courts where the faid Plea is or fhall be 1 depending, taken, or moved, before the Time that any Writ of Certificate pafs out of the fame Court ’ to the Ordinary, to certify upon the Iffue fo joined,

' or to be joined, fhall make Remembrance under their ' Seals, or his Seal, at the Suit of the Demandant or Tenant, Plaintiff or Defendant in the Plea, in which the Baflardy is or fhall be alledged, reciting the IfFue that is joined in the fame Plea of Baflardy, and cer-; tifying to the Chancellor of the King of England for ' the 'Lime being, to the Intent that thereupon Proclamation be made in the faid Chancery by Three Months, once in every Month, that all Perfons pretending any Intereft to obje£l againfl the Party which pretendeth himfelf to be Muller, that they fue to the Ordinary to whom theWritof Certificate is orfhall be directed, to make their Allegations and Objections againfl the Party which pretendeth him to be Muller, as the Law of holy Church requireth ; (6J and the faid Chancellor having; Notice of the faid Remembrance and Iffue joined, and being required by the faid Demandant or Tenant, Plaintiff or Defendant having the faid Remembrance, to make the faid Proclamation as afore is faid, the fame Chancellor for the Time being fhall caufe to be made Proclamation in the Form aforefaid; (7) and the Proclamation fo made fhall certify in the Court where the faid Plea in which the Baflardy is alledged another Time fhall be depending. (8) And that the Judges of or in the Court where the fame Plea is or fhall be depending, taken, or moved, before any Proclamation fo to be made in the Chancery, make one Time fuch Proclamation openly in the fame Court, and alfo another Time when the Proclamation fhall be certified by the Chancellor of England, and made in the Form above rchsarfed ■ (9) and then the faid Judge fhall award the faid Writ of Certificate to the Ordinary, to certify upon the Iffue fo joined, or to be join d- (ic) and if any Writ of Certificate be made or granted, before that all the Proclamations in the For '' aforefaid be made and certified, that then the faid Writ of Certificate, and the Certificate of the Ordinary thereupon made or to be made, fhall be void in Law, and of none Effect. (11) And if any Writ before this Time be diredlcd to any Ordinary, to certify if the faid /Ilianour, Wife of ‘fames, be Ballard or not, and at this Time not certified, if it be certified hereafter by Virtue of the faid Writ, that t ,e fame Certificate of the faid Ordinary fo made, be void and of none

Effea.*

hi-vtjiontrelatingierSo i8 El. c. 3.	7 Jac. I. C. 4.	3	Car,	I, c. 4. and 6 Geo. 2, c. 31.

Baft. 2g, 105, 280. Farther

A. D. 1430.

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. femme James mette a afeun prejudice lye endamage ne conclude afeun perfone ou perfones forfqe celuy & fes heirs qi fuifl fait partie a la plea Et qe defore enavaunt toutz Juges de ou en les courtz la ou afeun plee eft ou ferra pendant pris ou moeve en queux plees enfi faitz pendantz pris ou moevez baftardie eft ou ferra allegge envers afeun perfone partie a mefme le plee & fur ceo iffue joinee ou a joyner le quell par la ley droit eflre certifie par lordinarie qe lez Juges ou un Juge de ou en les courtz ou le dit plee eft ou ferra pendant pris ou moeve devaunt le temps qe afeun brief de certificat paffe hors de cell court al ordina-rie pur certifier fur liffue enfi joyne ou a joyner face une remembrance defouth lour fealx ou fon feal al fuyt le demaundant ou tenant pleintif ou defendant en le plee en quell baftardie ell ou ferra allegge recitant liffue qelt joyne en mefme le plee de baftardie & certifiant a le Chaunceller du Roi dEngleterre pur le temps efleant a lentent qe fur ceo proclamation foit fait en la dite Chauncerie par trois moys un foitz en chefcun moys qe toutz les perfones qi pretendent afeun intereffe pur ob-jedter encountre la partie qe luy pretende deftre muliere qils fuent al ordinarie a qi le brief de certificat eft ou ferra diredt pur faire lour allegeaunces Si objections envers la partie qe luy pretende deftre muli re ficome la ley de oeint efglife requiert Et le dit Chaunceller eiant notice del dit remem-braunce Sc iffue joynee Si requis par le dit demaundant ou tenant pleintiff ou defendant avauntditz aiant mefme la remembraunce de fair la dite proclamation come defuis eft dit mefme le Chaunceller pur le temps efleant ferra fair proclamation en la fourme avauntdit Sc la proclamation enfi fait certifiera en la court ou le dit plee en quell la baftardie eft allegge alors ferra pendant. Et qe les Juges de ou en la court ou le dit plee eft ou ferra pendant pris ou moeve devaunt afeun proclamation enfi affaire en la Chauncerie facent un foitz autiel proclamation overtement en mefme la court Si auxi autre foitz quant les proclamations ferront certifiez par le Chaunceller & en la fourme reherce faitz et adonqes le dit Juge agardera le dfi brief ae certificat al ordinarie pur certifier fur iffue ifiint joynee ou a joyner. Et ft afeun brief de certificat foit fait ou graunte devaunt ■ ceo qe toutz les ditz proclamations en la fourme devaunt rebel ce foient faitz Sc certifiez qe adonqes cell brief de certificat et le certificat del ordinarie fur ceo raite ou affaire foit voide en ley Si de null effect.

1 t ft afeun brief devaunt cell temps foit direct a afeun ordinarie pur certifier ft la dite Alianore femme James foit baftard ou nemye Sc a cell temps nient certifie fil foit certifie enapres par vertu du dit bri f qe mefme le certificat du dit ordinarie enii fait foit voide & de null effect,

Statutes

A. D.

1432.

Anno decimo Henrici VI.

G.

1 -3<

56S

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 10 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1432.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

NO S T R E Seignur Ie Roi a fon parle-raent tenuz a Weltin’ le xijc. jour de Matj tan de fon regne difme a lonour de Dieu & pur Ie bien de luy & fon Roialme & pur la tranqillite & cafe de fon poeple de ladvis & aflent des Seignurs cfpirituelx & tem-porelx in a la efpeciale requeft des Communes en mefmc le parlement aft’emblez ad fait ordeiner & eftabler diverfes eftatuitz & ordinaunces en la fourme qenfuift.

OUR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Wejlminjler the Twelfth Day of May, the Tenth Year of his Reign, to the Honour of God, and for the .Wealth of him and his Realm, and for the Tranquillity and Eafe of his People, by' the Advice and Ailcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Requeft of the Commons in the fame Parliament afiembled, hath caufed to be enacted and eftabliihed divers Statutes and Ordinances in the Form following.”

C A P. I.

Recognifances taken before the Mayor, &c. of Calais lhall be effe&ual in England. See Appendix.

CAP. II.

Certain Things required in him who lhall be a Choofer of the Knights of Parliament.

ITEM come au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemain de Seint Matthcu lappoftle lan du regne noftre Seignur lc Roi oeptifme or-dine eftoit & eftable par aucftorite de mefme le parlement qe les chivalers des toutz countees deins le Roialme dEngleterre a efliers pur venir as parlementz en apres a tenirs foient efluz en chefcun countee par gentz demurantz' & re-feantz en icelles dount chefcun ait frank tenement a la value de xl, s. par an au meins outre les reprifes fur certein peine contenuz en mefme leftatuit nient fefiant exprefle mention en icell qe chefcun qi ferroit eflifour daf-cuns tielx chivalers averoit frank tenementz a la value de xl. s. au meins outre les reprifez deins mefme le countee ou afcun ticl cilifour ovefqe autres fcmblables ferroit tiel election ou aillours. Et pur taunt noftre Seignur le Roi voillant faire du dit eftatuit pleine declaration del advis & aflent fuifditz & a la requeft des dites Communes ad ordine qe les chivalers de toutz les' countees deins le dit Roialme a efliers pur venir a les parlementz en apres a tenirs foient efluz en chefcun countee par gentz de-murantz & refeauntz cn icelles dount chefcun ait frank tenement a la value de xl. s. par an au meins outre les reprifes deins mefme le countee ou afcun tiel eflifour foi voet meller dafeun ticl election.

“ ITEM, Whereas at the Parliament holden at eh. 6. c. 7. “ JL Wejhninjler the Morrow of St. Matthew the “ Apoftle, the Eighth Year of the King that now is,

“ it was ordained by the Authority of the fame Parlia-“ ment, That the Knights of all Counties within the “ Realm of England, to be chofen to come to the Par-“ liaments hereafter to be holden, fhould be chofen in “ every County by People dwelling and-refiant in1 the “ fame, whereof every one fhall have Freehold to the “ Value of Forty Shillings by Year at the leaft, above “ all Charges, upon a certain Pain contained in the “ fame Statute; (2) not making exp-refs Mention in “ the fame, that every Man that fhall be Choofer of ic any fuch Knights, fhall have Freehold to the Value <£ of Forty Shillings at .the leaft, above all Charges,

“ within the fame County where fuch Choofer with “ other like fhall make fuch Eledlion, or elfewhere:”

‘ (3) And therefore our Lord tbe King, willing to ‘ make plain Declaration of the faid Statute, by the ‘ Advice and Affent aforefaid, and at the fpecial Re-‘ queft of the faid Commons, hath ordained. That the ‘ Knights of all Counties within the faid Realm, to bp c chofen to come to Parliaments hereafter to be holden,

‘ fhall be chofen in every County by People dwelling ‘ and refiant in the fame, whereof every Man fhall ‘ have Freehold to the Value of xl. s. by the Year7 h. 4. c. 15, ‘ at the leaft, above all Charges, within the fame 11 H. 4.	1.

1 County where any fuch Choofer will meddle of any1 S- c- >•

‘ ^ Hcaion.’	•

H. 6. c. 10, ^ 14. 27 H. 8. c. 26.	35 H. 8, c. u. 7 & S J'V. 3. c. 4, 7, & 25. jo Ann. c. 23.	12	Ann,	flat.	1.	c, 5.	18	Geo.	2,	c.	j8.	19	Ga>.	2.

28, and 32 Geo. 2. f. 24. for tbe due Elections of Knights of tbe Shins, See.

CAP. III.

A Letter of Requeft lhall be granted by the Keeper of the Privy Seal to any of the King’s Subjects, from ■whom Goods lhall be taken by the Subjedts of Denmark,

ITEM pur ceo qe noftre Seignur le Roi a la grevoufe compkint a luy fait en iceft parlement par les Communes de fon Roialme ef-teantz en icell eft enfourrae qe plufours de les 2

<£ TTE M, Becaufe that our Sovereign Lord the “ .1. King, at the grievous Complaint to (wm made in “ this Parliament by the Commons of his Realm of “ England being in this Parliament, is informed. That

“ many

566 .Q.4, 5;,	,!V	Anno decimo Henrici VI. .A. D. 1432.

“ many, of his faithful-liege Peqpte be .greatly iqipove-,. 44 rifhed,'undone,'arfd-ih point to be deftroyed, 'by the “ King of Denmark and his Lieges, which be of the “ Amity of the King our Sovereign Lord,beeaule' that ' 44 they do daily take of his faid faithful Subjefts their 44 Goods, fo that .they have takerf .of Merchants. of 44 York'aiid Kingjlon upon Hull Goods and-;Merchan-

■	44 difes to die Value of Five Thoufand Pounds within “ a Year, and of other Lieges and Merchants of the “ Realm of England Goods and Chatties fo the Value 44 of Twenty Thoufand Pounds, whereof they have no 44 Remedy of the faid King of- Denmark, nor of none “ other, forafmueh as none of them cometh within the 44 Realm of England, nor nothing have in the fame

■	Realm-of England, and that the Goods be taken out 44 of the -Lame Realm :r 4 The King willing to-pro-*-

* Add by the « vide Remedy for his faid liege People, * hath or-AdmceaniAJftnte (ja;neci ancj eilablifhed, That if the Goods of any of apnjat .	<	the faid his Lieges he or fhall be taken by the faid

' King of Denmark,- or any of his faid Liegesff the 4 Keeper of the Privy Seal for the Time being fhall * have Power to make to the Party grieved 'Letters of' 4 Requeft under the Privy Seal, without arty other, ‘ Purfuit to be.made to any, for Refutation to be had 4 of the Goods fo taken and to be taken. And if Re-, <f ftitutipn be no made by fuch Letters, the King our ‘ Sovereign Lord,'! by- the Advice of his Council, .fhall t ‘ provide'to the Party grieved. his > covenable Remedy, !"* according.^s the.Qafe jeqitireth.’ •!;.	;

: . i.	. l‘r •’	/	.	.	•	t	1	-

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. foialk lieges\fount rgraundoment-empoverez ani-entez & eh point ‘deftre ’deftruitz par le Roi de Denmark & fez lieges qi fount del ami flee du Roi noftre Seignur a caufe qils preignent de jour en. autre de fez- ditz foit-lx lieges lour biens parilfint qils ount pris des - marchauntz dEverwyk & Kyngedon fur Hull biens & mar-ehandifez a la value de v. m. li. dedeins un an & dautres lieges & marchantz du Roialme biens & chateux a la value de xx. m li. dount ils nount remedie du dit Roi de Denmark ne de null autre a'eaule qe null de eux veigne deins le Roialme dEngleterre ne riens ount en icell & qe les biens fount prifez hors de mefme le Roialme. Mefme noftre Seignur le Roi voil-lant a fez ditz lieges purvoier de remedie del advis & alfent fuifditz ordine qe ft les biens -dafeuns de fez ditz lieges foient ou ferront prifez par le dit Roi de Denmark ou -afeuns de fez ditz 'lieges ait'le dit gardein du prive feal pur le temps efteant poiair de faire au partie g'reve lettres de requeft defoubz le prive feal faunz autre, purfuite affaire a afeuny pur re-flitution avoir des biens iffint prifez & apren-drez. Et fi reftitution.ne foit fait par tielx lettres le Roi noftre Seignur par advis de fon counceill purveiera ai partie greve covenable remedie folonc-ceo qe le cas rtquiert.

'

;• \ 1	CAP.	IV.	■

iThe Penalty, of-him that maketh a falie-Entry, that the Plaintiff doth offer'himfelf in Perfon,

» . ■ • Vl where he doth not. '	\	’

,J

f 44 TTE M, 'Tor that divers'of the King’s lidge Peo-*‘f i pie before this Time have been outlawed, and 44 greatly vexed and cifquieted in divers Suits, as well 44 before the King in his Bench, as in the Common “ Bench, in the Records of-which Suits the'Entries have been made, that the Plaintiffs iq the fame Suits Obtidernnt Je_ in propria perjona 'fun, where the fame “ iPkuntiffs never appeared to-'inch Suits, nor 'had Knowledge of the fame, in great Mifchief of the 44 faid liege People, if Remedy be not provided in this “ Behalf;” 4 (2) our Lord'the King willing in this 4 Cafe tq provide Remedy, hath ordained and eftablifh-4 ed by Authority of this; prefent Parliament,'That no 4 Manner Fylifer, Exigenter, nor any other Officer,

■'4 from henceforth fhall make fuch Entry in any Man-.	■ !> ”	4	ner Suit, except that'the Plaintiff in -the fame Suit;

’■ ■4 before that fuch Entry be made, do appear in his 4 proper PerToiv before fome of the faid Juftices of the 4 Place where the Plea is or fhall be-depending; (3)

4. and there he fhall be fworn upon a Book, That he' 4 is the fame Perfon in whofe Name the faid Suit is 4 fued, or that fome other credible Perfon of the j His Counfcl. 4 King’s a Council make fueh Oath for him. (4}

4 And thjs prdinance fhall endure till the next Par-

MaHe perpetual .liament. •

by 18 H. 6. c. 9. And farther provided for ly^z ll<%. c. 30. iff ] Ed. 6. c. 32. and 18,

ITEM pur ceo qe divers, des lieges du Roi avaunt ces hoeures ount eftee utlagez & graun-dernent vexez & diffeifez en divers, feutez fibien devaunt le Roi en fon Bank come en le commune' Bank eii les recordes 'des queux feutes les entres ount eftee faitz qe les pleintifs en mcfmes Its 'feutes optulerunt fe. in propria per-foqa fua lou mefines les pleintifs unqes nap-parerount as tieulx feutes lie conifaunce avoi-erit dicelles en graunde mifchief des ditz lieges fi remedie ne foit purveu en cell partie noftre Seignur le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoir de remedie ad ordine par aueforite de ceft’parle-ment qe .null filicer exigenter ne autre officer defore ehavaunt ferra tiel entree en afeun feute finon qe le pleintif en mefme la fute avaunt qe afeun tiel entre foit fait appierte en fa propre perfone devaunt 'afeun des Juftices de lieu ou le pice eft ou ferra pendant & illeoqes foit ju-ree fur un liver qil eft mefme la .perfone en qi noun la dite fuite eft fue ou qe autre crea-ble perfone de fon counfeill face tiel ferement pur luy. Et durera ceft ordinaunce tanqal prof-chein parlement.	, ,

El. c. 14.

C A P. : V. •

A ReH^arfal of the Statute of 21 R. 2. c. 18. touching the Maintenance of certain Places

about Calais.*- See. JpfenSx.iy r>

CAP.

A. D. 1432.

Anno decimo IIenric'i VI.

C. 6.	567

c A P. VI,. .

What Procefs fiiall be awarded upon an Indidtment removed into the King’s Bench.

Ex Rot. in Turr'. Lond,

ITEM’come au parlcment tenuz a WcftrtF lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roi qoreft viij' ordine eftoit qe fur chefcurte enditement ou appall par la quell- afcuns des lieges du Roy demurrantz en autres countees qe la ou tiel enditement ou appell foit ou ferra pris de trefoil- felonie ou tref-pafs apprendre en apres devaunt Juftices de peas ou devaunt afeun- autre • eiant- poiar de prendre tielx enditementz ou appellez ou autres commil-ftoners ou.'Juftices en- afeun countee fraunchife ou libertee’ dEngleterre devaunt afeun exigent agarde fur afeunenditement ou appell en la fourme avauntdite apprendre qe mainteaant'apres le primer brief de capias fur chefcuff tiel enditement. ou appell agarde & retourne qe un autre brief de Capias foit agarde direct al vilcount del countee dount celuy qeft enfy endite ou appelle eft ou fuift ftip-pole d.ftre converfant par niefme lenditement ou appell retournable devaunt mefmes les J unices ou commiffioners devaunt queux il eft endite ou appelle a un certein jour conteignant lefpace de trois mois del date dc mefme le brief <X le retourne dicell come par mefme leftatuit pleinement appiert. Par quell claufe du dit- eftatu-it-ceftallavoir. retournable devaunt mefme les Juftices ou com-miffioners devaunt queux il eft endite ou appdle-afeuns entendount qe le brief de Capias ordine par le dit eftatuit qe .ferra diredt al vifeount del countee dount ceiuy qeft enfi endite ou appelle eft ou fuift fuppofe deftre converfant par melme lenditement ou appell ferra retourne devaunt mefme les Juftices ou commiffioners ou autres devaunt queux lenditement cu appell fuift pris &■ nounpas-ai 1 iqtut. Et vmaginantz pur- defrauder & anientifer le dit eftatuit fuent pur remoever tielx enditementz & appellcz hors dcs mains les Juftices & commiffioners avauntditz en le Bank, le Roi & aillours par Certiorari & autrement les parties enfi er.ditz ou appellez nient fac :antz et fur ceo fuent pro-ceffe ufe a la commune ley devaunt la fefaunce du dit eftatuit en le Bank ie Roi & aillours ap-pres tiel remoevement en graunde empoverifle-ment Si- vexation des loialx liegesdu Roy.; Pur qoy noftre Seignur le Roi del advis- &: aftent fufiditz & al efpeciall requeft des ditz Communes par adtorite fuifdite ad ordine qe de- dit eftatuit foit tenuz Si gardez & mys en due execution en toutz pointz adjouftant a icell qe- ft afcuns tielx enditementz prifez ou apprendres devaunt afcuns des juftices du peas ou devaunt alcun autre eiant poiar de prendre tielx-enditementz ou appell ou autres juftices ou commiffioners en afeun conn tee fraunchife ou libertee dEngleterre foient- r-e-moevez devaunt le Roi en fon Bank ou aillours par Certiorari ou autrement qe adonqes apres tiel remoevement devaunt afeun exigend’ agarde fur afeun tiel enditement ou appell en la fourme avauntdite pris ou apprendre qe maintenant apres le primer brief de Capias fur chefcun tiel enditement ou apell agarde & retourne qe un autre brief de Capias foit agarde diredt al vifeount del

TEM, Whereas in the Parliament bolden a't&H. 6. c. ie.

.' IVejhninJier the Eighth Year of the King'that .,

" now' is,- it was ordained, That upon- every lndidt-“ ment or Appeal, by the which any of the King’s “ liege People, dwelling in other foreign and divers “ Counties than where fuch Indictment or Appeal is -“ or fh'all be taken, ofTreafon, Felony, or Trefpafs1,

“ to be taken hereafter before Juftices of Peace,

“ of before any other Juftide • whatfoever, having “ Power to take fueh Indictments1 or Appeals; or other Commiflione’rsor Juftices in dny County, Fran-“ chife, or Liberty of England, before any Exigent ‘ awarded upon- -any- Indictment or Appeal in the “ Form aforefaid to be taken, that prefently after the “ firft Writ of Capias upon every fuch Indidtment or “ Appeal awarded and returned, that anoth r Writ “ of Capias fhali be awarded,, .directed to the Sheriff of the- County, whereof hfc that1 is' fa indicted or “ appealed is.or was- fuppofed to be converfant by the “ fame Indictment or Appeal, returnable before the “ fame Juftices. or Commiffioners, before whom he-is' indidled or 'appealed, at a certain Day, contain-“ ing the Space of.Three Months front the Date of “■the fame Writ toJthe Return-of-the fame, as by the “ fame Statute plainly appeareth. (2) By which “ Claufe of tlie fame Statute, that is to fay. Returnable “before-the fame Juftices' or Commiffioners before “ whom he is indidled or appealed, fome do think “ that the Writ of Capias ordained by the faid Statute,

“ which Ihall be diredied to- the Sheriff*, whereof * Add of the “ he that is-fo indidted or appended is or was-fuppofed County.

“ to be converfant by the fame Indictment or: Ap+- -“ peal, fhali be returned before the •fame Juftices or 1 •

“ Commiffioners, or other, belore whom -the Indidt-“ m nt or- Appeal was taken, and not elfewhere.

“ (3) And imagining to defraud a d make fruftrate A Confirmation “ the faid Statute, do fue to remove fuch Indictments ft tlle Sutute 8 “ and Appeals out of the Hands of the Juftices or touching'Procefs “ Commiffioners aforefaid into the King’s Bench and i,pi,n india-“ elfewhere by Certiorari and otherwife; unknown to the msnts of Perfons “ Party fo indicted f, and thereupon fue the Procefs dwelling in f°-“ ufed at the Common Law before the making of the^'^” c°untle5’

“ faid Statute in the King’s'Bench and elfewhere, after x^IraphcaleJ. “ the removing, to the great impoverilhing and Vexa-“ tion of the King’s faithful Subjedts.” ‘ (4) Where- . c fore the’ fame our Lord the King, by the Advice’

‘ and Affent aforefaid, and at the ipecial Requeft of ‘ the faid Commons, by Authority aforefaid hath or- • c dained, That, the faid Statute be holden and kept, 1 ‘ and put in due Execution in all Points ; (5). joined Procefs when 6 to the fame, that if any fuch Indictments taken, ort!}e aforefaid la-‘ to be taken, before any Juftices of Peace, or before ‘ any other having Power to take fucH Indidlments’or ^ King’s ‘ Appeals, or other Juftices or Commiffioners. in anyBerich.

‘ County, Franchife, or Liberty of England, fhali be ‘ removed before the King in his Bench or elfewhere;

‘ by Certiorari or otherwife, then after fuch removing,

‘ before any Exigent awarded upon any fuch Indidt-‘ ment or Appeal in the Form aforefaid taken, or to c be taken, that prefently after the firft Writ of Capias ‘ upon every fuch Indidtment or Appeal awarded and ‘ returned, that another Writ of Capias be awarded,

‘ directed

Anno decimo Henrici VI.	A.	D.	1432.

•f* Add and moreover to make Pro-cefs according to the Effcft and Purport of the faid frjl Statute.

directed to the Sheriff of the County, whereof he that is fo, indided or appealed is or was fuppofed to be converfant'by the fame Indidhnent or Appeal, returnable before the King in his Bench at a certain Day, containing the Space of Three Months or Four from the Date of the faid laft Writ of Capias, according to the Manner and Form that the Juftices of Peace, and other in the faid firft Statute contained, ought to have done, before fuch removing after the making of the faid firth. Statute f. (6) And if any fuch Exigent be hereafter awarded upon any fuch Indictment or Appeal after fuch removing againft the Form aforefaid, or any Outlawry thereupon pronounced, as well the fame Exigent fo awarded, as the Outlawry ^hereupon to be pronounced, and every of them, fliall be holden for none and void, according as in the faid firft Statute is more fully contained.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Bond, countee dount celuy qeft enditee ou appelle eft ou fuift fuppofe deftre converfant par mefme len-ditement ou appelle retournable devaunt le Roi en fon Bank a un certein jour conteignent lefpace de trois mois ou quatre mois del date del dit darrein brief de Capias folonc les maner & fourme qe les juftices de peas Sc autres en le dit primer eftatuit contenuz deuflent avoir fait avaunt tiel remoevement puis la fefaunce du dit primer eftatuit Sc enouftre de ent faire procefie folonc 1 effect & purport del dit primer eftatuit. Et fi afeun exi-gende foit agarde enapres fur afeun tiel endite-ment ou appell apres tie] remoevement encountre la fourme avauntdite ou afeun utlagarfe fur ceo pronuncie foit fibien celle exigende enfi agarder come lutlagarie fur ceo a pronuncier & chefcun de eux tenuz pur null Sc voide folonc ceo qen le dit primer eftatuit eft contenuz pluis au plein.

CAP. VII.

All Wools and Woollfels that fliall be carried to any other Place than to Calais, fliall be forfeited to the King and the Finder. See Appendix.

In Rotulo Parliament! tenti apud Wejlni duodecimo die Maij Anno Regni Regis Henrici Sexti pojl conquejlwn decimo Stat. 2.-f

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Pro jufHciarm "¥"TEM quedam alia Petitio exhibita fuit prefato Domino Regi in Parliamento p red iff o per prefatos Servientibus	| Communes pro Jufticiariis Servientibus ad Legem	Sc Attornato Domini Regis in hec Verba Priount

ad Legem &	JL les Communes a iceft prelent Parlement aflemblez	qe pleafe a noftre Soverain' Seignur le Roi par advis

minUU isD°*	^cs tres rcvcl'entz Sc tres gracious Seignurs a iceft prefent Parlement aflemblez confiderer coment les Juftices

m. 1 egis.	(je Bank ie R0; & dd Commune Bank les Juftices as	aflifes prendre alfignez les Sergeantz et lattourney

du Roi pur le temps efteantz devaunt ces hoeures feurent tout temps paiez en mayns de lour fees Sc re-gardcs du Roi par les Treforcrez dEngleterre pur le temps efteantz annuelment en les termes de Pafque Sc Seint Michel] par ouellcs portions tanqe al temps de William Kynwolmerftie jatarde Treforer dEngleterre et puis oils feurent mys de prendre pur lour payment aflignementz des dettours de Roi queux par tiels af-fignementz a la foitz riens faunz regarde payer ne voillent des queux dettours les ditz Juftices Sergeauntz Sc Attourne ount eftee & fount trefmalement ou trop tarde Sc ove grauntes delayes ou jammes payez Sc outre fouvent fount mys de querer & efpier dettours du Roi des queux ils voillent avoir lour aflignementz la ou ils nount ne faunz graunde daunger Sc diligence avoir poient conifaunce dc tielx dettours ne a eux efpier Sc querer Si pur lour payementz treter attendre ne poient faunz lefler faire lour office et fervice a Roi &le poe-ple deliverer & qe expedient a Roi Sc a fon poeple ou honefte ou convenient as offices des ditz Juftices Ser-geauntz Sc Attourne neft il mye de querer & efpier les ditz dettours Sc eux par daungerous mefnes entreter pur lour payment aver queux a la foitz pur ceo faire defiront Sc demaundont eftre regardez ou non refo-nablemcnt favourez encountre le ferement des ditz Juftices Sergeantz Sc Attourne Sc dc confiderer auxi les graundes Sc continuelx coftages Sc expenfes qe les ditz Juftices fount en lour entendaunce en faifant lour ditz offices & fervicez a Roi Sc le graunde perde Sc damage qils ount de lour fees & gayne de ceo qils fount affignez Juftices qamounterount a graunt part pluis qe lour ditz fees & regardes de Roi et fur ceo par auc-torite diceft prefent parlement d’ordiner qe les ditz Juftices Sergeantz Sc Attourne de Roi pur le temps efteantz Sc chefcun de eux foient paiez cs mains de lour ditz fees Sc regardes de Roi en les ditz Termes par les mains des Treforers dEngleterre pur le temps efteantz et qe mefmes les treforers foient tenuz a ceo faire par iflint qe les ditz Juftices Sergeantz & Attourne ne covyendra pur la purfuite de lour ditz paymentz aver de lefler faire lout ditz office Sc fervice a Roi deliverer le poeple qount a faire en lour offices avauntditz. Qua quidem petitione in parliamento predi&o le<fta audita Sc intelledta de avifamento & aflenfu prcdi&is prefate petitioni taliter fuit refponfum Fiat prout petitur.

f This is mentioned as a Statute ir* the Old Abridgement, and called Statutum per fe. But it feems to have been refpited, for it is not entered upon the Statute Roll, and was not publifhed as a Statute.

Statutes

Anno undecimo Henrici VI

A. D. 1433.

C. 1—3.	569

Statutes ?nade

at Weftminfter, Anno 11 Hen. VI. and Anno Dorn. 1433.

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond.

NOSTRE SeJgnur le Roy a foil parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le viij. jour de Jule Ian de fon regne unzifme a la reverence de Dieu & pur le bien du poeple de fon Roialme del advis Sc aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx Sc tern-porelx de mefme le Roialme Sc a la efpeciale requefl: dez Communes de fon dit Roialme en fon dit Roialme efteantz par audtorite de mefme le parlement ad fait ordeigne Sc eftable certeins eftatuitz declarations Sc ordenaunces en la fourme qenfuit.

“	UR Sovereign Lord the King, at his Par-

“ 0	1	liament	holden	at	IVeJfmtnJhr	the	Eighth

“	Day	of 'July, the Eleventh Year of his Reign,

“ to the Reverence of God, and for the Weal of the “ People of his Realm, by the * AlTent of the Lords * Add Adm:e “ Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Requefl:

“ of the Commons of his Realm in his faid Parlia-“ mentaffembled, by Authority of the fame Parliament,

“ hath ordained and ftablifhed divers Statutes, Decla-“ rations, and Ordinances, in the Form following.”

CAP. I.

They that dwell at the Stews In Southwark fhall not be impanelled in Juries, nor keep any

Inn or Tavern but there. See appendix.

CAP. II.

The Penalty where a Sheriff is named a DifTeifor in an Affife.

ITEM come divers gentz fovent foitz fuent affifes de novell difleifyn devaunt Juftices af-fignez envers diverfez perfones Sc par fubtillite Sc collufion pur avoir lour brefs de loures ditz affifes diredtz as coroners dez countees ou les tenementz fount pur faire execution dicell brefs fount nomer .■en loures ditz affifes le vifcount de mefme le coun-te une dez difl'eifoures lou il neft ne unqes fuift ■diffeifour ne tenaunt dez tenementz en demaunde parount fovent foitz lez ditz affifes fount agardez par defaute dez tenantz quex nount my conu-faunce de ceux affifes en tant qils ne trovent my afcune affife envers eux en la felace de vifcount Sc nount afcune fufpecion de afcune tie! affife priz envers le vifcount Sc eux Noftre Seignur le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoir de remedie del aflent Sc auclorite fuifditz ad ordeigne qen tous tiels affifes purchafez Sc a prefent pendantz ou a purchafers defore enavaunt parentre queconqes .perfones devaunt afcuns tieux Juftices en quex affifes afcune tiel vifcount foit nomez deffeifour fi lez tenantz en lez ditz affifes ou afcun de eux voil averrer. qele dit vifcount neft ne unqes fuift diffeifour ne tenaunt dez tenementz en demaunde mais fuift nome diffeifour par collufion foit laver-rement receuz. Et fi trove foit par la dit affife qe le dit vifcount ne foit ne unqes fuit diffeifor ne tenaunt dez tenementz en demaunde mais fuift nome diffeifour par collufion adonqes lez ditz Juftices facent abater Sc caffer le dit brief purchafe •ou purchafer en la fourme fuifdit Sc qe lez plein-tifs ou pleintife foient ou foit en le greve mercy le Roi.

ITEM, Whereas feveral Perfons do often fue Af-lifes of Novel dijfeifin before Juftices affigned “ againft divers Perfons, and by Craft and Collufion, “ to have their Writs of their faid Affifes direfted to “ the Coroners of the Counties where the Tenements “ be, tomake Execution of the faid Writs, do name “ in their faid Affifes the Sheriff of the fame County “ one of the Diffeifors, where he is not, neither ever “ was Diffeifor or Tenant of the Tenements in De-“ mand, whereby oftentimes the faid Affifes be award-“ ed by the Default of the Tenants which have no “ Knowledge of thofe Affifes, for that they found not “ any Affife againft them in the File of the Sheriff, “ nor have any Sufpicion of any fuch Affife taken “ againft the Sheriff and them ‘ (2) our Lord the ‘ King, willing in this Cafe to provide Remedy, of ‘ the Aflent and Authority aforefaid, hath ordained,

4 That in all fuch Affifes purchafed, at this Time de-‘ pending, or hereafter to be purchafed, between any ‘ Perfons whatfover they be, before any fuch Juftices, ‘ in which Affifes any fuch Sheriff is named Dif-‘ feifor, if the Tenants in the faid Affifes or any of ‘ them will aver, that the faid Sheriff is not, nor ever ‘ was, Diffeifor, nor Tenant of the Tenements in ‘ Demand, but was named Difleifor by Collufion, the ‘ Averment fhall be received. (3) And if it be found £ by the faid Affife, that the faid Sheriff is not, nor 4 ever was, Diffeifor nor Tenant of the Tenements ‘ in Demand, but was named Difleifor by Collufion, c then the faid Juftices fhall caufe to be abated and ‘ quafhed the faid Writ purchafed, or to be purchafed * in the Form above-faid ; (4) and that the Plaintiffs ‘ or Plaintiff be in the grievous Mercy of the King.’

CAP. III. Y An Affife, &c. maintainable againft the Pernor of the. Profits.

ITEM come par eftatuit fait lan quart le Roy Henry pier noftre Seignur le Roi quorelfc «ntre autres ordene foit’qe les diffeifez eiant lour VoL. I. •	^

I

TEM, Whereas by a Statute made the Fourth 4 h. 4. Year of the Reign of King Henry, Grandfa-“ ther of our Lord the King that now is, amongft Ddffd	!..	'	“other

57° C* 4-

Anno undecimo Henrici VI. A. D. 1433.

I- R. 3. c, 9.

“ dther'Things It was ordained, That the Diffcifees “ fhall have their Actions againft the Difleifors du-“ ring the Lives of the Difieilors, fo that fuch Difleifors “ thereof take the Profits at the Time of the Suit com-“ menced, as in the fame Statute is contained more at' “ large. The which Statute, according to the Opi-“ nion of many, hath been intended in Writs of Af-“ fife of Novtl dijfeifm only, and as great Mifehief it “ is to the Parties Demandants in other • rits fued “ and grounded upon Noveldijfeifm, as in Aflife.” ‘ (2) c Wherefore our Lord the King, willing all Manner ‘ of Opinions and Dotibts in that Behalf to cents',

‘ hath ordained by the Affent and Authority aforefaid,

■c 1 'hat in all Manner of Writs grounded upon Novel. c dijfeifen, the Diffeifees fhall have their Recoveries, if ‘ they will, by fuch Writs, againft the Difleifors or. c their Feoffees, as well as they fhall have in Aflife of ‘ Novel dijjeifm, fo that the fame Difleifors, lor their ‘ Feoffees, againfl: whom the Writ fhall be brought*

‘ thereof take the Profits at the Time of the Writ pur-‘ chafed, notwithftanding any Gifts or Feoffments made to other Perfons for to delay the Demandants ’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. adHo’ri envers lez diffeifoures durant la vie mefmes lez diffeifoures parenfl qe tiels lez diffeifoures ent preigne lez profettes al temps del fute commence licome en mefme leftatuit eft contenuz pluis au plein. Le quell eftatut folonqe loppinion dez plufours ad efte entetiduz es brefs daffifes de novel difleifin tontfolement hi fi graundement mefehefe eft a les parties demaundantz en autres briefs fuez & found, z fur novell difleifin come'en aflife. Et voillant par tant mefme noftre Seignur le- Roi tous maners oppinions & doutes en ceft parte ceffer ad ordene par laffent & auctorite fuifditz qen tous maners dez briefs fonduz fur le novell difleifin lez' deffeifez eient lour recoverer flis voil-lent par tiels-briefs envers lez diffeifoures ou iour feffees auxibien come ils averoient en aflife de novell difleifin pariflint qe mefmes lez diffeifoures ou lour feltees vers qui ou quex le brefe ferra porte ent pregne oa pregnent lez profettz al temps del bref purchacC' rtient contreftdant afcutis don's ou feffementz fai'tz as autres perfones pur delaier lez demaundantz.

Further provided for by I H. 7. c. 1.	27	II.	8,	c.	10.

CAP. IV.

The Plaintiffs in Attaint fliall recover their Coils and Damages.

The lever a I PleasandDe-lays that were <<

Corii-

Mif-

ITEM, Our Lord the King, by the grievous plaint of his Commons, confldering the chiefs had within the Realm, and yet not remedied, in Attaint at t e ancj ajfQ t^e great Damage and Difherifon that ommon aw. c< cometh by the ufual Perjury of Jurors impanelled u upon Inquefts, as well in the Courts of our Lord •“ the King, as of other, the which Perjury doth abound and increafe daily more than it was wont, >“ for the great Gifts that fuch Jurors take of the'Par-“ ties in Pleas fued in the faid Courts ; (2) wherefore “ the greater Part of People that have to fue in the “ laid Courts, leave their Suits for the Mifchiefs “ aforefaid, and namely in refpedt of the Delays that “ be in the Writs of Attain s ; for that in Times paft “ in Writs of Attaints, when the Grand Jury had “ appeared in Court, and were ready to pafs, one of “ the Tenants or Defendants, or of'the petty Jurors “ named in fuch Writs, fometime have pleaded falfe “ and faint Pleas, which were not triable by the “ Grand Jury of the Attaint, and by that Means . <c delayed the taking of fuch Grand Juries until fuch 4C Pleas were tried. And after fuch Pleas tried and “ found for the Plaintiffs, another of the Jurors, u Tenants, or Defendants, might plead another fuch “ falfe and faint Plea- after the laft Continuance in “ the fame Attaints, and fo every of the Defendants, “ Jurors, or Tenants, after othef, might plead fuch .“ falfe and faint Plea, and delay the Grand jury when “ it was ready to pafs ; (3) and though that all fuch “ falfe and faint Pleas weie found agairtft them which “ pleaded, no-Pain was given them-by the Common 1 “ Law, (4) in regard of which Delays, the Grand Ju-“ ries in Attaints have been often grievoufly-vexed and “ travelled, and the Plaintiffs in fuch At aints put to “ fo great Cofts, and- thereby impoverifhed, that they “ could not profecute their faid Suits, wherefore the “ Jurors be the more encouraged to be perjured, and Zrfirui ™d “ t0 niake their falfe Oaths ip fuch Cafes . (5) Qffr cminttcAbj 13 •( faifl Lyid the Ring, willing thereof to. pro ride Rc-

IT E M- noftre Seignur le Roi par la grevoufe compleint dez fez Communes conftderant'lez graundes mefehefs ewez deinz le Roialme & un-qore nieht remedez hi auXi le graunde damage hi difheretifon qavient par le ufuell perjure dez jurroures enpanellez en enqueftes flbien en lez courtes du Roi come dautres la quell perjure ha-bunde hi encrece de jour en autre pluis qe foloit pur lez graundes dounes que tiels jurrours preg-ftent de lez parties es plees fuez eh lez ditz courtes a taunt qe le greindre partie dez gentz qount a fuer eh lez ditz courtes lefient lour fute par-lerichefoh- fuifdit & nomement a caufe qe lez de-laies que foun: en lez briefs datteintes purceo qe avaun- cez heures en briefs datteint quant le graunde jure ad apparue en court & fuift preft de paffer Uh dez tenantz ou defendantz ou des petites jurrours nonriez eft tielx briefs ale foith ount pledes feintes hi fauxes plees -quex tie fuerent triahlcz par la graunde' jure de latteint ha pat celle caufe -delaiez la pries dez tielx gtaundes juriees tanque tiels plees fuerent triez... Et apres tielx plees tiiez & trovez pur le.pleintifs une autre dez jurrours ter.auntz ou defendantz purroiit pleder une aiitre tie! fauxe & feinte plee pluis lb- darrein-continuance ‘ en mefmes lez atteintez.' Et iflint chefcune dez defendantz jurours ou tenantz apres laittre pflrroit pleder tiel fa'uxe & feihte plee &: delaier la graunde juriee quant il fuift preft de paffer. ! Et comb'ien qe tous tiels faux & feinte plees furent trovez envers eux qui eux plederent nulle peine fuift done envers eux par la commune ley a caufe dez quex delaiez lez graundes juriees en- atteintes ount efte fovent grevoufement vexez & laborez hi lez pieintifs en tiels atteintz myz a fi graunde collages hi enfl enpoverez qils ive purroient fuer avaunt lours di.z fuites par que lez jurrours-ount efte meulx embaudez deftre perjurez & fair faux ferementz en tielx c>.fes. Et voillant

fur

44

C. 5,6.	57*■

Ex Rot. in Tu>r. Loud,

-Air ceo noftre dit geignur le Roi puryoier de remedie a la reqqelL dez ditz Communes & de laffent des Seignurs defuifditz ad ordene .& eftable qe les parties pleintifs en tou:s dels atteintez reco-verount lour damages & coftaigcs envers tous tielx tenauntz jurrours & defendant qils ount fuf-tepez en cele partie. Et qe ceil; eftatuit foy ex-tende apxibien as briefs dattcintz ore pendantz come as briefs datteintz a purchaferez en.temps yaenir.

4 niedy, at the Requeft of the faid Commons, and by 4 the Affent of the Lords ahove-faid, haLh ordained and ‘ dlablifhed, That the Parties Plaintiffs in all fuch Seifanhir 4 Attaints fhall recover their Damages and Cofts trhns in At’..,,/. 4 againff all fuch Tenants, Jurors, and Defendants, U H'1 ■ r- 11 , 4 which they have fuftained in that Behalf ;.and that^

4 this Statute extend as well to Writs of Attaints now/J, s, V. $"■' ^ 4 hanging, as to Writs of Attaints to be puichafed 4 hereafter.’

CAP. V. '

The Remedy where a Tenant granteth over his Eftate, taketh the Profits, and committeth

' Wafte.

TTEM pur ceo qe Iou diverfes gentz devaunt cez ] I heures ount leffez lour terres &'tenement', as j diverfes pcrlbnes ceftaffavoir a terme de vie ou a terme dautre vie Sz afeunes a terme dez anz lez ditz tenauntz fovent foitz ount graunte & lelfe lour eftate quex avoient en lez ditz terres Sc tene-mentz a plufoures perfones al entent qe ceux en , la reverfion ceftaflavoir loure leffoures lours heires j lie lour affignes ne ducent avoir conufaunce des loures nounes & puis lez ditz premer tenauntz continuehnent occupient lez ditz terres Sz tenc-mentz & ent pregnent 'lez profettes a lour pro- . pre ufe Sz en lez ditz terres Sz tenementz fount waft Sz deftruftion a difheritaunce de ceux- en la reverfion ordeigne eft Sz eftable qe ceux en la reverfion en tie! cas purroient avoir Sz mainteriere brief de Waft envers lez di z‘tenauntz a terme de vie dautre vie Sz dez anz &■ iflint recoverer envers eux le lieu wafte Sz lours trebles damages pur le waft iflint par eux fait ficome ils ducent avoir fait pur le waft par eux fait devaunt lez ditz graunte & leffe de lour eftate. Purveu toutz foitz qe cele ordenaunce ne teigne lieu forfque lou lez premers tenauntz devaunt lez leffe Sz le graunte de lour dit eftate en le manere & fourmc fuifditz fuerent punisfhablez de wall et auxi lou apres le ditz graunt & leffe lez ditz premers tenauntz dez ditz terres & tenementz pregnent lez profettes a lour propre opfe demefne al temps de waft fait. Et qe celt ordenancc foy extente auxibien al waft par tielx tenauntz fait devaunt ceft or-denance come apres.

44 TTEM, Becaufe that divers People in Times paft “ A have let their Lands and Tenements to divers 44 Perfons, that is to fay, fome for Term of Life or 44 of another Man’s Life, and fome for Term of Years,

44 the faid Tenants have oftentimes let and granted 44 their Eftate which they had in the fame Lands and 44 Tenements, to many Perfons, to the Intent that 44 they in the Reverfion, that is to fay, their Leffors, S Co. 77. “ their Pleirs, or their Afligns, might not have 44 1 nowledge .of .their Names, and after the faid firft 44 Tenants continually occupy the faid Lands and 44 Tenements, and thereof take the Profits to their 44 proper Ufe, and in the faid Lands and Tenements 44 commit Wafte and Dcftruction, to the Diftierit-44 ance of them in the Reverfion 4 (2) It is ordained 4 and eftablifhed, That they in .the Reverfion in fuch ‘ Cafe may have and maintain a Writ of Wafte againft ‘ the faid'Tenants for Term of Life, of another’s 4 Life, or for Years, and fo recover againft them the ‘ Place walled, and their treble Damages, for the ‘ Wafte by them done, as they ought to have done for 4 the Wafte committed by them before the faid Grant 4 ,and Leafe of their Eftate. (3) Provided always,

‘ That th.is Ordinance hold not Place, but where 4 the firft Tenants before the Leafe and Grant'of 4 their faid Eftate , in the Manner and Form above-4 faid, vvere punilhable of Wafte ; (4) and alfo yvh re 4 after the faid Grant and Leafe the faid firft Tenants 4 of the faid Lands and Tenements take the Profits 4 at the Time of the Wafte done, to their own proper 4 Ufe. (5) And this Ordinance fhall extend as well 4 to Wafte by fuch Tenants done before this OrJi-4 nance, as alter.’

CAP. VI.

No Suit pending before any Juftices, &c. fhall be difeondnued by a new Commiflion.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roi confidcrant lez | 44 graundes perdcs Sz damages que fovent foitz | 44 ount avenuz Sz verifemblablement avenderount 44 apres fibien a ury meftnes come as plufours dez “ fez leges d' c.co qe la ou fibien diverfez endite- it mentez Sz f tes pur noftre Seignur le Roi come u autres futes parentre parte Sc parte ount efte tc prifez devaunt diverfez juftices dc pecs affignez (( par diverfez commifllons de Roi en diverfez countes dEngleterre Sz diverfes plees Sc procefl'cs fur icclles enditementz ount fovent efte faitez Sc pendantz j 44 devaunt mefmes les juftices uient determinez I 44

ITEM, Our Lord the King confidering the greatV.nthcr prwJ&L Loffes and Damages which oftentimes have come/”' b’J E£\ 6-and be likely to come hereafter, as well to himfelfg-as to many of his Lieges, for that where as well divers Indictments and Suits for our Lord the King, as other Suits between Party and Party, have been taken before divers Juftices of the Peace, aftigned by feve-ral Commiflions of our faid Lord the King in divers Counties of England, and divers Pleas and Proceffes upon thofe Indictments have often been made, and hanging before the lame-Juftices not determined, the D d d d a	44	which

572

“ which Pleas ami Proceftes have been often difcontinu-“ ed, by making of new Commiflions of the Peace in 44 thofe Counties, to the great Lofs of our faid Lord the 44 King and of his Subjects, in Delay of the fame Pleas “ and Suits, and of the Deliverance of his faid Sub-“ jedds ‘ (2) And upon that our Lord the King 4 willing to provide Remedy, of the Aflent and Au-‘ thority aforefaid, hath ordained and.eftablifhcd, That 4 Ln all fuch Pleas, Suits, and Proceftes, in them to be 4 taken and to be made before Juftices of the Peace 4 in any County of England, the faid Picas and Pro-‘ cefles in fuch Suits to be done fhall not be difcon-4 tinucd by fuch new Commiflions of the Peace to be 4 made, but thofe Pleas and' Pracefles (hall. Hand in 4 their Force. (3) And the Juftices in the fame new 4 Commiflions lo afligned, after that they fliall have 4 the Records of the fame Pleas-and Proceftes before 4 them, fhall have Power and Authority to continue 4 the faid Pleas and Proceftes; and the fame.Pleas and 4 Proceftes, and. all that depend upon them,,to hear 4 and finally to determine, as the other Juftices might 4 and ought to have done of and in the fame, .if no 4 hew Commiflion had been made.’

Ex Rot. In Turr. Lond. lez queux plees & proceftes fovent ount efte dif-contenuz par faifaunces de novel! commiflions du pees en icelles countes a graunde perde noftre dit Seignur le Roi Sc dez fez lieges Sc en retarda- ■ tion dez mefmes lez plees Sc futees Sc de la deli-veraunce dez fez ditz lieges. Ft fur ceo noftrer-dit Seignur le Roi voillant purvoier de remedie de laflent Sc audtorite fuifditz ad ordene Sc eftable qen tous tielx futes Sc plees & proces en icelles apprendres Sc affaires devaunt juftices de pees en afeune counte dEngleterre lez ditz plees Sc proces en.tiels futes affaires ne foient my difeontenuz par tiels novell commiflions de pees affaires tries. eftoient mefmes lez plees Si proceftes en- lour force. Ft cient lez juftices de mefmes lez novel commiflions enfi aflignez apres ceo qils ave-rount lez- recordes dez ditz plees Sc proceftes devaunt eux poair &. audiorite dez lez ditz plees; & proceftes continuer Sc mefmes lez plees Sc precede Sc tous lez dependantz dieelles oier Si finalment determiner ficome lez autres juftices purrount Si duiflent avoir fait de Sc en iceiles ft null novel! commiflion euft efte fait..

G A Pi. VII..

The Statute of 9 Hi 6. c. 7. which reftraineth the Sheriff of the County of Hereford to take Money by. Extortion, &V. revived.for Three Years. See Appendix...

GAP.. VIII.

A Confirmation of all Statutes made touching Weights and Mea'fures.-

j H, 5. c. 10.

44 TTEM, Whereas in the Parliament holden at IVeft-44 X minjler theFirft Year of-KingHENRY,. Father of “ our Lord the King-that now is, it was ordained, 44 That all the Statutes and Ordinances made of Mea-44 fures of Corn fhould be firmly holden and kept after 44 the Effcdf of the fame; (2) and that no Purveyors 44 of the King, nor of other, fhould not after that Time 44 forth buy nor take any Corn or other Meafure, hut 44 by eight Bufhels ftriken for the Quarter; and that 44 none fhould be bound otherwife to deliver for the “ Quarter but eight Bufhels ftriken for the Quarter, 44‘ as before is faid, (3) and alfo that Payment fhall be 44 made prefently for theCarriage of the fame. (4) And “ that if any Purveyor of our Lord the King*-or of 44 other P-erfon, from that Time forward do buy or 44 purvey any Corn otherwife, or by. other Meafure, 44 than by eight Bufhels ftriken for the Quarter, as be-44 fore is faid, and of that be attainted, he fhall have 44 one Year’s Imprifonment, and fhall pay to the King 44 an hundred Shillings, and to the Party that feeleth 44 him grieved another hundred Shillings ; and that as 44 often as any of them fhall be thereof attainted ; (5) 44 and that the Party that will fue fhall have thereof tm “ Adlion grounded upon the Cafe. (6) And that the 44 Juftices of Peace fhall have Power to inquire and. to 44 hold Plea of all the Things aforefaid, and therc-44 upon to aflign Punifhment, as well at the Suit of 44 the King as of the Party 5(7) and that from the fame 44 Time forward nothing fhould be taken for the mea-“ Turing of fuch Corn in any Manner. (8) And not-44 withftanding the faid Ordinances and Statutes, as 44 well the Bakers, and all other Merchants and Buy-44 ers within the Franchife and City of London, as the

ITEM come en le parfement tenuz a Weftm’ lan premer de Roi Henr’ pier noftre Seignur le Roi quoreft ordene fuift qe tous. lez eftatuitz..& ordenances dez mefures dez.bleez deuflent eftre fermement tenuz & garduz folonqe lenfedt dicells.. Et qe null dez purvoiours de Roi nautre ne duif-fent en apres ne de celle temps enavaunt achater ne prendre afeuns blees par autre mefure finon'par viij. buflelx rafcz pur le quarter et qe null ferroit tenuz autrement a .deliverer pur'le quarter finon viij. buflelx rafez pur le quarter come devaunt eft dit et auxint qe paiement ferroit fait preftement pur le cariage dieelles. Et qe ft afeun. purveiour ou autre perfone dicelle temps enavaunt accha-teroit ou purveroit afeuns blees autrement ou par-, autre mefure finon viij. buflelx pur le quarter' come avaunt eft dit Sc de ceo ferroit atteint averoit lenprifo’nement .dun an Sc qil paieroit au Roi C. s. & a parte que fe fente greve autre C. s. Sc ceo atant dez foitz qe afeune de ceux de ceo ferroit atteint. Et qe la parte qe voudroit fuer averoit ent adFion founduz fur la cas. Et qe lez juftices de la. pees duiflent avoir poair. denquerer Sc plee tenere dez touz lez chofes avauntditz. Sc fur ceo de faire punifhement fibien al fuit de Roi come de parte. Et qe de celle temps enavant riens ferroit priz pur le mefuragq dez tiels blees en afeune manere. Et nient obftant afeuns ordenances Sc eftatutz fibien lez piftour Sc tous autres marchantz St.achaitours dcins le franchifcs Sc Cite de Londres

come

A. D.

I433*

Anno undecimo Henrici VI.

C. 8.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. come lez purveiours le Roi dez bleez & touz autres marchauntz & communes achatours de blees en plufours citees villes burghes & countees dEngleterre continuelement de jour en autre achatent & pregnent noef buffelx pur le quarter ceftaffavoir lez piftours achatours & merchantz deins le fraunchifes 6c Cite de Londres par une veffell appelle le Fat que contient viij. buffelx dez blees ove un autre bufTell myz a icell pur une quartre 6c fount lez vendours dez ditz blees encountre lour volunte de paier une maile pur le mefurage de chefcun quarter 6c tous lez autres purveours achatours 6c merchantz dez ditz blees noef buffelx rafez pur le quarter encountre la fourme dez ditz ordenances 6c eftatuitz 6c en contempt du Roi a caufe qe lez ditz eftatuitz 6c or-denaunces ne fount my proclaymez ne myz en execution ne lez ditz peynes & forfeitures par le dit eftatuit limitez levez folonque lenfedl de inefme Jeftatut. Noftre dit Seignur le Roi.voillant mef-mes leftatuit 6c ordenances eftre duement tenuz 6c garduz par alient 6c audiorite fuifditz ad ordene qe fibien les ditz eftatuitz come leftatuit dez poies 6c mefours'faitz- au parlement noftre dit Seignur le.Roi quoreft lan de fon regne viij. foient proclaymez fibien en la dite Cite de Londres come en tous'autres citees burghes 6c countes dEngleterre 6c myz en due execution folonque la fourme 6c lenfedt dicelles Adjouftant a dit eftatuit fait le dit an viij. qen chefcun cite burgh ou ville du Roialme foit une commune buffed enfeale 6c accordant a leftandard de lefchekker en mcfme le manere 6c fourme 6c fur mefmes lez peines come en mefme. leftatuit eft fpecifie. de une commune balaunce a eftre en chefcune tiel cite burgh ou ville. Et qe le Mair de dit Cite de Londres 6c tous autres mairs dez tous autres citees 6c burghs dEngleterree ou il y ad mair 6c tous baillifs dez citees 6c burghes ou mair neft 6c tous juftices du pees de chefcun counte dEngleterre pur les temps efte .nt eit 6c eient plein poair de mettre tous lez ftatuitz 6c ordenances avauntditz en deu execution 6c de oire 6c terminere tous lez defautes mefprifions offenfes 6c trefpas encountre la fourme 6c lenfedl dez ditz- eftatuitz 6c ordenances faitz o.u affaires ou perpetrez fibien al fuit du Roi come de parte qen ceo cas fe fent greve et de chefcun autre lieges du Roi qen celle parte voill fuer pur le Roi et ceo fibien par examination dez par ties ou afcune deux folonque la difcretion dez ditz mairs baillifs 6c juftices de peas come par iffues a trier par inquifttions duement apprendre 6c autres plees et proceffes de la ley de la terre et qe fibien la parte greve come chefcun lege de Roi qui fuer voill pur le Roi eit la fuit en ceo cas a- fa volunte. Et qe celly qui iffint foit atteint dafcune defaute ■ mefprifion offenfes ou trefpas fait encountre le dit eftatuit fait le dit an premer paie a cely a qui fute il foit atteint C. s. 6c lez ooftages refonablez de fa dit fuit 6c au Roi autre C. s. Et qe fibien le Mair de Loundres pur le temps efteant apres ceo qil foit efluz Mair 6c jure

573

“ King’s Purveyors of Corn, and all other Merchants “ and common Buyers of Corn in many other Cities,

“ Towns, Boroughs, and Counties of England, conti-“ nually from Day to Day, do buy and take nine “ Bufhels for the Quarter, that is to fay, the Bakers,

“ Buyers, and Merchants within the City and Fran-s< chiles of London, by a Veffel called the Fat, which A Meafure ;n “ containeth eight Bufhels of Corn with anotherLondon “Bed “ Bufhel of Corn put to that for a Quarter and makelhc “ the Sellers of the fame Corn againft their Will to •

“ pay one Halfpenny for the meafuring of every Quar-“ ter, and all the other Purveyors, Buyers, and Mcr-“ chants of Corn, nine Bufhels ftriken for the Quarter,

“ againft the Form of the faid Ordinance and Statute,

‘c and in Contempt of our Lord the King, for that “ the faid Ordinances and Statutes be not proclaim-“ ed nor put in Execution, nor the faid Penalties •

“ and Forfeitures, limited by the faid Statute, lc-vied according to the Effedt of the fame Statute.” e (9) Our faid Lord the King, willing the fame Sta-‘ tute and Ordinance to be duly holden and kept, by ‘ the Affent and Authority abovefaid, hath ordained, c That as well the faid Statute, as the Statute of A Confirmation ‘ Weights and Meafures, made at the Parliament of of ‘he Sta(utc of ‘ our Lord the King that now is, the Eighth Year of ^ g l°'_

‘ his Reign, be proclaimed, as well in the City of "touching	i"

London, as in all other Cities, Bo oughs, and Coun- Weights and ties of England, and put in due Execution after the Matures.

Form and Eft’edt of the fame; (10) joining to the faid Statute made the faid Eighth Year, that in every City, Borough, and Town of the Realm, there There M a . fhall be a common bulhel lealeJ, and according to common Buftel the Standard of the Exchequer, in the fame Manner in every Tow.ti and Form, and upon the fame Pain, as in the fame 11 H- 7> c- 4- ■ Statute is fpecified * and a common Balance to be in * °f every fuch City, Borough, and Town, (n) And that the Mayor of the faid City of London, and all other Mayors of all other Cities and Boroughs of England where there is a Mayor, and all Bailiffs of Cities and Boroughs where, there is no Mayor, and all Juftices of Peace in every County of England for the time being, fhall have full Power to put all the Statutes and Ordinances aforefaid in due Execution, and to hear and determine all the Defaults,

Mifprifions, Offences, and Trefpaffes againft the Form and Effedl of the faid Statutes and Ordinances • done, or to be done or committed, as well at the Suit of the King, as of the Party which in fuch Cafe feeleth himfelf grieved, and of any other of the King’s liege People, which in this Behalf will fue for the King, and that as well by Examination of the Parties, or any of them, according to the Difcretion of the faid Mayors, Bailiffs, and Juftices of Peace, as by Iffues to be tried, bv Inquifttions duly to be taken, and other Pleas and Proceffes of the Law of the Land ; (12) and that as well the Party grieved,. as any other liege Man of the King, that will fue for the King, fhall have the Suit in that Cafe at his Will ; ( it) and that he that is fo attainted of any Default, Mifprifion, Offence, or Trefpafs done againft the faid Statute made the faid firft Year, fhall. pay to him at whofe Suit he is thereof attainted,

C. s. and his reafonahle Cofts of the faid Suit, and All Mayors and :

s

to the King another C. s. (14) And that as well the Bailiffs lhail bo

—-r —;	,	.--------- .	-	 v	—	-	c Mayor of London for the time being, after that he is f™orfn

deins la dit Citee a fon premer venue a lefeheker 1 c chofen Mayor, and fworn within the faid City, at £tu'e touching"*' devant le Treforer.dEngleterre Si■ lez- Barons de ' ‘ his firft coming to the Exchequer before the Treafurer weights and .

‘ Of Meafures; ,

574 C. 9, 10.

Anno undecimo Hen rici VI.

A. D. 14.33.

and accompt for the Profits accrued to the -King bj' the rforeiaid Statute,

of E-rtgland’, and the Barons of the King’s Exchequer, as every of the faid other Mayors and Bailiffs, in their Oaths to be made for their faid Offices, fhall be charged and fworn to do, keep, and execute all the Statutes above faid. (15) And that all the Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities and Boroughs of the Realm, accomptable in the faid Exchequer, do

Farther provided for by 12 II. 7. c, 5. 16 Car, 1,

Ex BsA. in Tiirr. Bond, iefehekker noftre Seignur le Roi com chefcune dez ditz autres mairs & bailhfs en lour ferementz affairez pur lours ditz offices foit charge & jure de faire garder Sz executer tous leftatuitz fuifditz. Et qe tous lez mairs Sc bailiifs dez citees & burghes du Roialme accoumptantz en le dit efehequer fa-cent annuelment acornpt en mefme Iefehekker

‘ yearly accompt in the faid Exchequer of the Profits dez profettes & forfaitures que app'rteigner puif-‘ and forfeitures that may or ought to pertain to our fent ou duiflent a Roi par la forme dez ditz efta-

‘ Lord the King by t'ne Form of the faid Statutes 1 (x6j Saving alvvay to Lords, Cities, and Boroughs,

: their Liberths and Franchifes granted to them by ; our laid Lord the King, or any of his Progenitors,

: not revoked, repealed, or adnulled ; (17) and faring ; always, That the faid Statute made the FirftYear ; of King Henry the Fifch, and all other Statutes of Meafures and Weights afore made, fbind in their ; Forced

,c. 19. .22 Car. 2. c. S. 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 12. and I Ann. fiat, i, c.

tuitz favant tout foitz as Sertjmnrs cites & burghs loures libertees et fraunchiles _grauntez a eux par noifre dit Seignur- le Roi on afeune dez fez p:o-genitours nient revoke^ repellez em anientz et favant tous foitz qe le dit eftatuit fait le dit an premer de Roi Henry quint & tous autres eftatuitz, des mefures .& poies avaunt faitz-’ eltoient en lour force.

c a p. ix.

Of what Length and Breadth Cloths called Streits fhad he.

17 R. 2. c, 2. jTEM come en leftatuit fait lan xvij. de Roi Richard le fecupde puis le conqueft ordene foit qe cbef-X tune home du Roialme purra faire & mettere a yende & vendre draps fibjeo dez kerfeyes come autr.es •	dez tiels'longure & lateure come luy plena .paiant launage & fubfi.de & tous autres devoirs ceftaffavoir de

chefcune pees de drape foionqe laferant nient countre.fteant afeune' ftatujt ordenan.ee proclamation rcftreiqt ou defenfe fait a contrarie. Ft qe nul vende ou mette a vendre afeune draps avaunt.qils foient aunez par 7 Ei. 4. c. 10. lalneour du Roi & enfealez de feal a ceo ordeigne fur le peine contenuz en leftatuit en fait. Ft puis en leftatuit ent fait lan feptifme le Roi Henry quart Aiel noftre Seignur le Roi quoreft ordeine fuift auxi qe le drap de colour contene cn longure xxviij. aulnes mefurez par le dorce & laeure vj. quarters & demy. Ft ft 11 H. 4. c. 6. jez fjfours dez draps ferroient lours draps de meindre longure ou laeure ils ferrount forfaitz au Roi. Et pais par un autre eftatuit fait lan unzifme le dit Roi Henry le quart ordeine fuift qe proclamation ferroit fait overtement parmye le Roialme qe null perfone faifant tielx maners dez .draps ou aufzenes deins le Roialme ferroit cy hardy de takker Sc pliter enfemble tiels maners dez draps devaunt q.e lalneour ad fait foil ferche & furveue duement dicelles draps qils teignerent lour longeure Si laeure ordeine par Le dit eftatuit darrein fait ?°7,''1Vb°r *	?-n fcptif1116 f'come en mefme leftatuit eft contenu piuis au plein. Sur quex eftatuitz faitz le temps de dit

t vpreteJ and	Henri quart diverfez oppinions ount eftc tenuz en Iefehekker noftr-e Seignur le Roi ficome mefme noftre

what cloths it is Seignur le Roi ad conceu par la compleint dez Communes de foil Roialme noftre Seignur le R r i voillant meant in the Sta-tielx oppinions ceffer de laiTent & audlorite fuifditz ad declare qe eeft parole Drap en lez ditz eftatuitz de-tute of- it. 4. c. vaunt reherfez eit relation & foit entendu a lez autres draps appelle1 brode clothes & brode dufaunes & 11 H> *• nemy as autres drap Si peces dez draps appellez ftraites faitz ou afaires et outre ad ordeine & eftable qe chef-wh'at Length cune home poet faire mettre a vende &: vendre tous maners dez draps appellez Strait s contenauntz en Ion-, and Breadth the geure xij. aulnes & en laeure un aulne nent euwez ou autrement xij. aulnes euwez fanz empefehement daf-Cloths called cune miiiiftre de Roi paiaur.t a Roi launage fubfides Si cuftomes 5t autres devoirs cefteaflavoir de chefcune Sirens mall drape & de ch.-fcune pees de drape foionqe la rate en lez ditz eftatuitz contenuz. Et fi lez faifours dez tiels -yW. iS draps appellez Straites facent afeunes draps a vendre de meindre longeure & laeure qe profehienraent defuis Cloths fell not eft declare qadonqes bien life al alnour de couper la lift a lune fyn de tous tiels ftraites draps.nene c nteig-be pot to Sale un- naurrtz la dit longuere Sc mefme le drap a eftre vendu pur une remnaunt ou -une pece et nemy pur une t.l the Aulnrger drap Si qe null tiels draps foient myz a vendre tanque lalnour les ad mefurez & fait par fon ferche & mys themand^'ut aa cux feal °u B.°i a ceo ordine fur1 peine de forfaiturc di ell. Et ft afeune auineour enfeale afeune tieix Sejl to them” "draps appellez ftraites nient conteignauntz la longeure tk laeur. de ftraites fuiWirz Sc nc coupe la lift dez The Aulnegcr’s tous tielx draps qui ne teignent lez ditz longure & laeure dez ftraites qadonqes le dit lalneour paie au Roi Penalty for feal- pur chefcune pece de drap; trove defectife vj. s. viij. d. forfepris tous foitz qe tous draps appellez ftraites cioth* de^ftlve faitz cu affairs tanqe al jour de Nativite de Seint Johan Bapriftre profehein avenere tient licence deftre 5 &6E6. 6. c. 6. yenduz Si livere tanque al feft de Nowell lors profehein enfuant de queconqe longeure ou laeure qils 4 & 3 Ph. & M. foient,

c* 5* 4 JiC* 1 • c. 2. Ss e it i?. W. 3. c. 20, for taking away Aulnoge Duties,

CAP. X.

He fhall find Sureties, &V. that fueth to defeat an Execution upon a Statute.

TTE M, Bceaufe divers Perfons within this “ X Realm in 7’imes paft often have been taken and <c ajrreiied by divers Sheriff's and other Officers of the

IT'EM pur ceo qe diverfez perfones deinz ceft Roialme devaunt cez houres fovent foitz ount efte priz & areftes par diverfes yifeountes &_ autres

jminiftres

C. i r.

575

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. mi nifties de Roi par brcfs islantz fibien hors de Chauncery de Roi come de fez progenitours pur execution avoir de diverfez reconifaunces faitz devaunt lez mairs dc leftaplcs de diverfez fomines dcz quex fotnmes icells perfones as quex la duite ap-pent nount remedi:- covenablc autre qe lez ditz executions lez quex perfones enii prilez Sc areftuz pur lexecution de meimes lez reconifaunces fount fovent faitz venir par diverfez brefs de Corpus cum caufa devaunt le Roi en fa Chauncery hors dez prifones es quex il . fount illint dctenuz a caufe de tiel execution & illoqes fuent en monftrantz diverfez enden ures Sc autres chofes en defaifaunces de tiel reconifances .nprifantz bref de Scire facias de garnier la partie ou lez parties a qui purfuit ils fount enfi prifez Sc areftuz a refpoundre fur icelles. Et fur ceo fuerte trove au Roi en fa Chauncery ount efte delivered hors du prifone nient obftant lour dit arefte pur lexecutions dez tielx reconufaunces come defuis eft dit nulle trovez as reconufez as quex ils fountiffint obligez de eux fateiier dez lours duetees en cas qe lez maters compris deinz lez ditz breifs de Scire facias lie foient trovez ne adjuggez pur lez reconuffours enfi obligez parount lez ditz reconu-feez ount afeun foitz graundement efte delaiez dc lour execution & afeun foitz lour execution ent toutoutrement perduz & en temps avenir verifem-blablement a perdre a caufe qe null avantage ou avail! ent purra venir eftre ou acrefere as ditz'reconufez as quex tiels perfones fount illint obligez par la dit fuerte enfi trovez au Roi pur ceo qe mefmes les perfones illint obligez par pardon de Roi pur-rount eftre quitez Sc difehargez pur touts jours. Noftre Seignut le Roi conftderunt qe lez ditz reconufez as quex perfones fount obligez fovent foitz fount fanz remedie fi enfi foit qe mefmes lez reco-nufours nemy voillont purfuer avaunt les ditz breifs de Scire facias ovefq e effect ou autrement qe la matere de lour ditz breifs de Scire facias foit trove ou adjugge countre eux & fur ceo ils foy retraihent as liens privileggez ou eux aloinenthorsdu Roialme ou autre ent qils ne my appergent illint qe lour corps puilTent eftre myz en execution a trefgraunde arreriferrient Sc anientifemeiit dez tielx reconufez en temps aveigner. Et auxi pur ceo qe le Roi eft. enheriteez de la prifez de tiex fumes a luy mefmes par la cours de fa Chauncery le Roi voet qe t els fuertees defore eri avaunt foient faitz feveralment fibien a Roi come a parte.

44 King, by Writs as well going out of the Chancery 44 of the King, as of his Progenitors, to have Exe-44 cudon of divers Recognifances made before the “ Mayors of the' Staple, of divers Sums, of which 44 Sums fuch Perfons, to whom the Duty belonged,

44 had no convenient Remedy, other than the laid “ Executions; (2) which Perfons, fo taken and ar-44 refted for Execution of the fame Recognifances, be 44 oftentimes brought by divers Writs De corpus cum “ caufa before the King in his Chancery, out of Pri-44 foils in the which they be fo kept by Force of fuch '

44 Executions, and there they do fue, fhewing forth-“ divers Indentures, and other Things in Defelance of “ fuch Recognifances, defiring Writs of Scire f das “ to warn the Party or Parties at whofe Suit they be “ taken-and arrefted, to anfwer thereunto; (3) and Cro, Car. €7, “ thereupon, by Surety found to the King in the 44 Chancery, have been delivered out'of Prifon, not-44 withftanding their faid Arreft for the Execution of 44 fuch Recognifances, as above is faidj- no Surety:

“ found to the Recognifees to whom they be fo bound’

“ to fatisfy them of their Duties, in cafe that the 44 Matters comprifed within the (aid Writs of Scire 44 facias be not found nor adjudged for the Recognifors “ thereby bound; (4) whereby the faid Recognifees 44 have been fometime greatly delayed of their Exe-“ cution, and fometime their Execution utterly loft,

44 and in Time to come likely to be loft, for that no1 44 Advantage nor Avail thereof might come, be, or 44 accrue to the faid Recognifees to whom fuch Per-“ fons be fo bound by the faid Surety fo bound to the 44 King, feeing the fame Perfon fo bound may by the “ King’s Pardon be acquit and difeharged for ever.-44 (5) Our Lord the King confidering that the faid “ Recognifees, to whom Perfons be bound, are often-“ times without Remedy, if fo be that the faid Re--“ cognifors would not purfue forth their faid Writs “ of Scire facias with Effect; or otherwife, that the “ Matters of the fiid Writs of Scire facias be found “ or adjudged againft them, and thereupon they with--“ draw them to Places privileged, or eloign them out-“ of the Realm, or elfe they would not appear, fo that <c their Bodies might be put in Execution ; to the “ great Hindrance and Undoing of luch Recognifees “ in Time to come; (6) and alfo bccaufe that the2R, 3. l.y,. “ King is inherited of the taking of- fiieh Sureties to “ himfelf by the Courfe of the Chancery;” ‘ (7) the ‘ King doth will that from henceforth fuch Sureties c be made as well to the King as to the. Party,!

CAP. XI.

The Puniffiment of thofe that make Afiault upon any that come to the Parliament;

ITEM le Roi. voillant pur/oier pur la efe & tranquHlite dfc eux qui viendront as parle-mentz ou confels du Roi de fon commaundement ad ordeigne Sc eftable qe ft afeune afaut ou afray foit fait a afeune Seignur efpiritucl ou temporel chivaler de coun;e citezin ou: burgeis venuz au parlement ou a counfeill du Roi par fon corrt-maundement Sc la efteant Sc entendant a parlc-ment ou a counfeill qadonqes foit proclamation fait par trois jours-feveralx en le pluis overt lieu-de la ville ou laflaut ou affraie ferra enfi- fak qe ! la parte qui face tiel affraye ou- a aute foy ren.de j devaunt.le Roy en fon Banke deins une quarter

‘ TTE M, The King willing to provide for the Eafe ‘ X and Tranquillity of them that come to the Par-‘ liaments and Councils' of the King,by hisCorrimand-‘ ment, hath ordained and ftabliftiedi That ifanyAf-^ 4 fault or Aff ay be made to ^ny Lord Spiritual or 4 Temporal, Knight of the Shire, Citizen or Burgefs,. ‘ come to the Pa.liament, or to other Council of the *' King by his Commandment, and there being and at-4 tending at the Parliament or Co-incil, that then Procla-4’ mation (hall, be made in the moft open Place of the '"Town by .hree feveral Days,, where theAffauIt op 4 Affray fhall-be made, that he Party tr.af made Rich 1 ‘ Affray or Affault yield himielf before the King in his

.‘Bench-

576

5 H 4 c. 6.

4 Bench within a Quarter of a Year after the Procla-4 matron made, if it be in the Time of the Term, ‘ or otherwife at the next Day in the Time of the ‘ Term following the faid Quarter ; (2) and if he do ‘ not, that he be attainted of the faid Deed, and pay ‘ to the Party grieved his double Damages, to be taxed 4 by the Difcretion of the Juftices of the fame Bench

*	for the 'Pime being, or by Inqueft, if it be needful, 4 and make Fine and Ranfom at the King’s Will; (3) ‘ and if he come, and be found guilty by Incjueft, by ‘ Examination, or otherwife, of fuch Affray or Aflault,

*	then he fhall pay to the Party fo grieved his double ‘ Damages found by the Inqueft, or to be taxed by the 4 Difcretion of the faid Juftices, and make Fine and

.Ranfom at the King’s Will, as above is faid.’

Ex Rot. in Turf. Lond. dune an apres la proclamation fait ffl foiet el temps du terme ou autrement al profchein jour en le temps du terme enfuant le dit quarter et fil ne face qil foit atteint de le fait fuifdit & paie al parte greve fez damages a double a taxer par la difcretion dez Juftices du dit Bank pur le temps efteant ou par enqueft fil bofoigne St face fyn Sc raunceon a la volunte de Roi. Et fil veigne St trove foit coupable par enqueft par examination ou en autre maner de tiel affraie ou affaute paie il adonqes a parte enfi greve fez damages a double trovez par enqueft ou a taxer par la difcretion dez ditz Juftices & face fyn Sc raunceon a la volunte du Roi come defuis eft dit.

C A P. XII.

What Wax-Chandlers fhall take for their Work of Wax. See Appendix.

CAP. XIII.

A Confirmation for three Years of the Stat. of 8 H:en. 6. c. 18. That Wooll, GV. brought to Calais fhall be fold for ready Money. See Appendix.

Piintr,

CAP. XIV.

It fhall be Felony to fhip or carry any Merchandifes of the Staple in Creeks, during three Years.

See Appendix.

•C A P. XV.

A Cuftomer fliall difcharge the Merchant that hath paid his Cuftom.

,<c jxEM, For that our Lord the King, by aPeti-44 JL tion to him delivered in the fame Parliament, by 44 the Commons of the fame, for the Merchants of the 44 Realm, hath perceived, That feeing the Cuftomers 44 and Controulers in the King’s Ports do not write any 14 Warrants in Difcharge of the faid Merchants of their 4 Merchandifes by them fhewed and duly cuftomed, 44 fome as well coming into the Realm, as palling out 44 of the fame, the fame Cuftomers and Controulers do 44 imbezil the King’s Cuftoms, and the Merchants be 44 greatly hindred, becaufe that the Warrants might 44 plainly fhew and declare their due Cuftom, when 44 they be unduly impeached in the King’s Exche-44 quer:” 4 (2) The lame our Lord the Xing conff-4 dering the faid Deceits, by the Advice, Affcnt,

4 and Authority .abovefaid, -hath ordained., That 4 the faid Cuftomers and Controulers fhall write,

4 and deliver fufficient Warrants, fealed with the 4 Seal of their Office to that ordained, to the faid.

*	Merchants, and to every of them, for all and 4 every of their Merchandifes every Time by them to 4 the Cuftomers and Controulers duly fhewed; (3J 4 and that the faid Merchants, nor any of them, fhall 4 any Thing pay for the faid Warrants, but only their 4 due Cuftom. (4) And in cafe that any Cuftomer 4 or Controuler, in any of the faid Ports, -| do the con-4 trary, that then every Merchant fo grieved may have 4 an Action, by Virtue of this Ordinance, to purfue 4 againft every Cuftomer or Controuler that doth the ‘ contrary, in every Court of Record; (5) and then ‘ every Cuftomer of Controuler fo attainted fhall for-

*	feit to the King for every Default Ten Pounds, and

*	to the Merchant thereby grieved, that will fue, a s Hundred Shillings.’

ITEM pur ceo qe noftre Seignur le Roi par une petition a luy bailie en mefme le parlement par lez Communes dicell pur le merchauntz du Roialme ad entendu qe pur tant qe lez cuftomers Sc countrollours en lez portes duRoi neferivent af-cuns garraunts en difeharges des ditz marchauntz de lour merchandifes pareux monftrez St duement cuftomez afeuns libien veignauntz en le Roialme come paflantz hors dicelle mefmes lez cuftomers & countroullours embefilent lez cuftomes du Roi & lez ditz merchauntz fount graundement anientifez a caufe qe lez ditz garrauntz purroient overtement declarer St monftrer lour due cuftome quant ils fount fo.vent nonduement enpechez en lefehekker du Roi. Mefme noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant lez ditz difleites de lavis affent Sc auftorite fuifditz ad ordeine qe lez ditz cuftomers St controllours ef-crivent St deliverent fiifficiantz garrantz enfelez ovefqe le feal de Jour office a ceo ordeinez as ditz merchauntz St a chefcun de eux pur tous St chef-cune de lour merchandifes chefcun foitz par eux as ditz cuftomers St controllours duement mon-ftrere mefmes lez merchantz ne null de eux rien paiant pur lez ditz garrantz mes folement lour due cuftome. Tt en cas qe chefcun cuftomer ou coun-trollour en afeune dez ditz pointes face le contrarie qndonqes chefcun merchant enfi greve poet avoir adlion par vertue de cefte ordenance a purfuer en-vers chefcun cuftomer ou countrollour qui face le contrarie en chefcune court de recorde et adonqes chefcun cuftomer St countrollour iffir.t atteint puife forfaire au Roi pur chefcun defaute x. li. St a le merchant enfi greve qui voill fuer C. s.

t

•CAP.

A. D. 1435

C. 1—3

577

Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI.

CAP. XVI.

The Penalty for fealing of a blank Cocket to deceive the King of his Cuftoms.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud.

ITEM pur tant qe le Roi noftre Seignur eft graundement diffeive dez fez cuftumes hi fubfides de ceo qe EXP, lez cuftumers dez ditz portes deins le Roialme enfealent blankes efcrowes en parchemyn appellez blankes Cokkettez ove lour feals deputez a lour office he eux iffint enfeallez deliverent as merchantz pur entrere hi efcrivere en icelles lour biens & merchandifes ifiantz hors du Roialme as parties de pardela le Roi dez fez cuftumes & fubfides dez tiels biens he merchandifes nicnt refponduz ne paiez ordenc eft par advis & aucto-rite fuifditz qe ft afcune cuftumere enfeale afcune tiel blank efcrowe ove le feal depute a fon office ou ft af— cune merchant entre ou efcrive ou face entrer ou efcriver en tiel blank efcrowe ou chartre iffint enfeale fez biens ou merchandifes parront defrauder noftre Seignur le Roi dez fez cuftumes hi fubfides foit adonqes fibien mefme le cuftumer come le marchant adjuggez de forfaire touz fez biens he chateux com ils forferoient en cas de felonie hi qe ils & chefcune de eux aient lemprifonment dez trois ans. Et durra ceft ordinaunce par trois ans profchencment enfuantz apres le feft de feint Hillar’ profchein aveignere.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 14 Hen. VI. arid Anno

• Dorn. 14.35.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

OSTRE Seignur le Roi Henri le fifme apres le conqueft a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le x- jour dOctobre lan de fon regne qatorfzilme de ladvis he aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx hi tempor.elx & a la ef-peciale requeft des Communes du Roialme en mefme le parlement efteantz ad fait faire di-verfes eftatutes & ordinances a lonour de Dieu & le bien de luy hi fon dit Roialme en la forme enfuant.

“ /AUR Lord the King Henry the Sixth after “ g B the Conqueft, at his Parliament holdrn at “	JVeJiminJter	the Tenth Day of October, the

“ Fourteenth Year of his Reign, by the Advice and “ Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at “ the fpecial Requeft of the Commons of the Realm, being in the fame Parliament, hath caufed to be “ made divers Statutes and Ordinances, to the Honour “ of Gon, and for the Wealth of him and his Realm, “ in the Form following.”

CAP. I.

Juftices of Nifi prius may give Judgement of a Man attainted or acquitted of Felony.

EN primes noftre dit Seignur le Roy ad ordine par auftorite del dit parlement qe les Juftices devaunt queux inquifitions enqueftes hi jurres enavaunt foient prifez par brief du Roi de Nifi prius jouft la forme de leftatut ent fait eient poair en toutz cafez de felonie & trefon de ren-dre lour jugement fibien lou home eft acquite de felonie ou de trefon come lou il eft ent atteint a jour & lieu ou les ditz inquifitions enqueftes hi jurres iffint foient prifes hi adonqes illeoqes de agarder execution de eftre fait par force de mefmes les jugementz.

FIRST, OurLord the King hath ordained, by 13 Ed. 3. flat. r.

the Authority of the faid Parliament, That the <=. 3°-Juftices before whom Inquifitions, Inquefts, and Ju- *+ Ei'}' d' ries, from henceforth fhall be taken by the King's1' c' 1 '

Writ called Nifi prius, according to the Form of the

Statute thereof made, fhall have Power of all the

Cafes of Felony and of Treafon, to give their Judge-Dyer f, no.

ments, as well where a Man is acquit of Felony, or13^-*	19•

of Treafon, as where he is thereot attainted, at the

Day and Place where the faid Inquifitions, Inquefts

and Juries be Jo taken, and then from thenceforth to

award Execution to be made by Force of the farce „ ,

Judgements.’	MJfcSV

Nifi prius 35 //. 8. c. 6.	18	E.'ix. c. 12.	12 Geo. I. e. 31.	2±Geo. 2, c. iS. Jei. 5.

CAP. II.

Wcolls and Fells fhall not be exported but to Calais. Special Exceptions in Favour of the King, and his Council, and the Merchants of Venice, Jean, &c. See Appendix,

C A P. III.

Where the Juftices of Affife of Cumberland fhall hold their Seffions.

ITEM come par eftatut fait en temps le Roi Richard ordine. foit qe les Juftices Daffifes prendre & gaoles deliverer affignez hi affigners Vol. I,

CC

cc

<c

IT E M, Whereas by a Statute made in the Time 6 R. 2.

of King Richard the Second, it was ordained.

That the Juftices affigned, and to be affigned, to take E e e e	“	Affifes

5*

578

C.

Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI.

A. D.

I43S*

Affifes and deliver Gaols, fhall hold their Seffions in the principal and chief Towns of every County, that is to fay, where the Shire-Courts of the Counties heretofore were, and hereafter fhall be holden ; (2) our Lord the King willing the fame Statute to be obferved and kept in the County of Cumberland, confidering that the City of Carlijle is the principal and chief City and Town of the faid County, and in the which the Si ire-Court of the fame County hath been holden before this Time 4 hath granted and ordained, by the Authority of the fame Parliament, That the Seffion of the J uftices to take Affifes, and to deliver Gaols in the County of Cumberland, be holden, in Time of Peace and of Truce, in the faid City of Carlijle, and in none other Place within the fame County, as it hath been ufed and accuftom-ed of old Time.'

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. teignerent lour feffions en les principalx & chief* villes des fingulers countees ceftaffavoir la ou les countes dicelles countees alors feurent ou delors ferroient tenuz 'noftre Seignur le Roi voillant mefme leftatut en le countee de Cumberland eftre obfervez & gardes confiderant qe. la citee de Car-doill eft la principal & chief citee & ville du dit 1 countee & en la quelle la Counte de mefme la Countee ad eftee tenuz devaunt ces hoeures ad graunte & ordine par audiorite de mefme le parlement qe la feffion des Juftices Daffifes ! prendre & de gaoles deliverer en le dit countee de Cumberland foit tenuz en temps de pees & des trieux en la dite citee de Cardoifl & en null autre lieu ou place deins mefme le countee come il ad eftee ufe & accuftume daun-1 cien temps.

CAP. IV.

The Juftices of the Peace of Middlefex may keep their Seffions but twice in the Year.

2 H. 5. c. 4.	“	TTE M, Whereas it was ordained by a Statute,

44 JL That the Juftices of Peace of all the Counties of “ England, for the Time being, fhall fit and hold their 44 Seffions four Times by the Year, to inquire and 44 execute all Charges contained in their Commiffion, “ which they be fworn to do according to the Form 44 of the faid Statute, upon a great Pain, as by the 44 fame Statute more fully appeareth : (2) Our Lord 44 the King, confidering that all the high Courts be 44 fet and holden in the County of Middlefex, conti-44 nually during all the Four Times of the Term, by 44 which Time of Term the Commons inhabiting in “ and of the fame County, muft attend from Tims to 44 Time to inquire of all the Articles to the faid Courts 44 belonging, as Reafon and Law requireth, and that “ prefently after every of the faid Terms ended, the 44 faid Juftices of the laid County do fit and hold their “ Seffions in the fame County, as they ought to do, 44 by Force of the faid Statute, more to avoid the faid 44 Penalty, than for any other neceffary Thing there 44 to be inquired, at which Seffions they caufe to come 44 before them a great Part of the Inhabitants and 44 Commons of the faid County of Middlefex, to in-44 quire of all Manner of 1 hings as to them is given 44 in Charge ; and by that Means they be charged and 44 vexed throughout all the Year, as well out of the 44 Time of Term, as in Time of Term, fo that they 44 have no Reft, nor Time to do their Hufbandry, 44 and their Labour, to get their Living in any wife, 44 to their utter Undoing if they be not relieved in this 44 Behalf.” 4 (3) Therefore the fame our Lord the 4 King willing in this Cafe to provide for them a Re-4 medy, hath ordained, by the Advice and Affent afore-4 faid, and at the Requeft of the faid Commons of the 4 Realm, That the Juftices of Peace which now be, 4 and all other hereafter for the Time being, in the 4 faid County of Middlefex, fhall be clearly discharged 4 of the faid Penalty, by Authority of the fame Par-4 liament, from henceforth, the Court of the King’s 4 Bench being fet in the faid County of M'uldhjcx. S.ivi.-g to inquire ‘ Provided always. T hat the faid Juftices of Peace tLf 7 'f~ 4 of the faid County of Middlefex, for the Time being, uoe rants,	t keep, obferve, and execute the Court of the Seffions

4 of the Peace, two Times in the Ycar at the leaft,

ITEM come ordine foit par eftatut qe les juftices de pees de toutz les countees dFngleterre pur le temps efteantz feiront & tiendront lour feffions quatre temps par an pur enquerrer & execu-ter toutz charges contenuz en lour commyflion le quel ils fount jurrez de faire felonc la forme du dit eftatut fur graunde peine ficome par mefme leftatut pluis pleinement appiert. Noftre Seignur le Roi confiderant qe toutz fes hautz Courtes fount afiiz & tenuz en le countee de Midd’ continuel-ment durantz toutz les quatre temps de terme par les quclx temps de terme les communes h enha-bitantz en & de mefme le counte coviendront entendre de temps en temps denquerrer toutz les articles as ditz Courtes appurtenantz come reafon & ley requirent et qe maintenaunt apres chefcun des ditz termes fines les ditz juftices du peas du dit countee de Midd’ feiont & tiegnent lour feffions in mefme le countee come ils deuffent faire par force du dit eftatuit pluis pur eviter la dit peine qe pur afeun autre chofe neceffarie illeoqes deftre enquis a les quelles feffions ils fount faire venir devaunt eux graunde partie des enhabitantz & communers du dit countee de Midd’ pur enquerrer des toutz manors des chofes come lour fount donez en charge & i flint ils'fount vexez & char-gez parmye tout lan fibien hors le temps de terme come en le temps de terme fi qe ils nount afeun repofe ne temps de faire lour hufbandriez & lour labour pur lour v'vre en afeun maner gayner a lour final deftrudlion fils ne foient fuccurrez en celle partie. Et voillant purtaunt mefme noftre Seignur le Roi en ceo cas lour purvoir de reme-die ad ordine par advis & affent fuifilitz & a la requeft des ditz Communes du Roialme qe les juftices du peas qore fount & toutz autres pur le temps defore efteantz en le dit countee de Midd’ foient tout outrement difehargez d'e la dite peine par audiorite de mefme le parlement a toutz temps defore avenrrs la Court du Bank le Roi efteant feant en le dit countee de Midd’. Purveu toutz foitz qe les ditz juftices du peas del dit countee de Midd’ pur le temps efteantz gardent o’bfcrvent & executent la courte des feffions du peas deux foitz

en

4

579

A. D. 1435. Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI.	C.	5,	6.

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lorui. en lan au mcyns & plufours ilc temps ill hofoigne par afeun riote ou forcible entre fait deins mefme le countee de Midd’ & ceo fur le peine h forfai-ture de tielx fummes come fount pur ceo ordinez par afeun ley fait devaunt ecs hoeurcs au fyn & entent qe les ditz communes & enhabitantz del dit countee de Midd’ ne foient artes ne compelles pur apparer devaunt les juft ices -de peas de mefme le countee pur le temps efteantz forfqe a tiel temps qi fembleront par les diferetions de mefines les juf-tices du peas neceflaries & bofoignables.

1 and more often if Need be, for any Riot, or Forci-‘ ble Entry made within the fame County of Miildl. -‘ fex, and that upon the Pain and Forfeiture of fuch ‘ Sums as be for that ordained by any Law made be-‘ fore this Time : to the End and Intent that the laid Sxpnb/rnn-‘ Commons and Inhabitants of the faid County of “,‘ppf^1 1 Midcllefex be not inforced nor compelled to appear6. c. n. it: I. ‘ before the Juftices of Peace of the fame County for4- c-	1 R. 3-

‘ the Time being, but at fuch Time which fliall feemf-3- 3 J1- 7- t-‘ by the Diferetions of the fame Juftices of Peace ne-*-' ’ 8 ar’l ‘ ceftary and needful.’	p.& M.	c.	if

a 3 P. & M. c, io. 7 Jnc.m I. c. 5, 21 Jac. 1, c. 12. 6 Geo. 1. £.21. Jec. 10, 9 Geo. I. c. 7. 5 Geo> 2. c. 18	19. 15 Geo. 2. c% 24. 16 Geo, 1.

c, iS. 18 Gio. 2* ct zo, 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. fc. 11. 24 Geo. 2. c, 44. ©* 55. 26 Geo. 2. c, 14&2jt 27 Geo, a. c. 16 & ac. and 30 Geo. 2, c. 24.

CAP. V.

Merchandifes of the Staple fhipped in Creeks fliall be forfeited. See Appendix.

CAP. VI.

None fliall difturb an Alien that bringeth in Victuals to fell in Crofs, or by Retalc.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roy enformez par les ditz Communes comcnt en leftatuit fait lan vi le Roi Richard nadgairs Roi dEngleterre feconde ordine & accorde eftoit qe chefcun forein & alien efteant del amillee du Roi & du Roialme h veinant deins la Citee de Loundres h autres citees burghs & villes deins'le dit Roialme.fibien deins fnumchife come dehors ovel'qc pefton & autres vitailles qe-conqes illeoqes demurant-z h r.etournantz ferroit deflors defoubz le fauf garde & efpeci ill protection du Roi & qe bien life a eux & a chefcun de eux qils puiffent trencher pefton & vitailx fuifditz par peees & a taiil & a retaill en partie ou en tout ou en gros come meulx lour femblera vendre h lour proht faire faunz empechement ou contredit de hully non obftantz afeuns eftatutz chartres ordi-naunces. privileges ou cuftumes faitz ou ewes a contrarie et fur ceo par un autre eftatuit fait lan primer le Roi Henri quart fuic ordine & eftable qe les ditz ordinaunce & eftatuit faitz le dit an vj" ferroit fermement tenuz & gardez & duement exe-cutz folonc la forme & effect dicelles nient con-trifteantz afeuns lettres patentez nadgairs grauntz au contrarie as pelloners le Loundres comeen le dit eftatuit fait le dit an primer pleinemcnt appiert a la fupplication des ditz Communes ad ordine & eftable par auftorite fuifdite qe les ditz eftatuitz foient fermement tenuz & gardez afeuns autres eftatutz ou ordinaunces faitz au contrarie nient obftantz Ajouftantz a icell qe ft afeun horamc de-llourbe alcun forein ou alien de vendre lour pefibns en groos ou retaille en partie ou en tout au contrarie dez ditz ordinaunces & de ceo foit duement atteint al fuite de Roi ou de partie qadonqes il forfera xl. li.’ h celuy qi voudra fuer pur le Roi ou pur luy mefmes avera lune moitee & le Roi lautre moitee & foit tiel fuytepris pur afeun offenfe fait en la Cittee de Loundres encountre le dit ordinance pur celuy qi veudra fuer pur lc Roi ou pur luy mefmes en quel countee qe luy plerra des coun-tees de Midd’ Hertf Eflex Kent’ Surr’ ou en la Cittee de Loundres.

“ T TEM, Our Lord the King is informed by thee r. 2, c. ic.

“ J, faid Commons, how in the Statute made the “ Sixth Year of King Richard the Second, late King “ of England, it was ordained and accorded. That *■ every Foreign and Alien, being of the Amity of our “ Lora the King, and of the Realm, coming- within “ the City of London, and other Cities, Boroughs, and “ Towns within the Pud Realm of England, as well “ within Franchifes-as without, with I'ifli, and other “ Victuals whatfoever, there abiding and returning,

“ fhould be from thenceforth under the Safeguard and “ fpecial Prote£tion of our Lord the King, and that it “ fhould be lawful to them, and to every of them, that “ they might cut Fifth, and Vi£tuals aforefaid by Pieces,

“ and to tail and retail tliem in Part, and in whole, or “ in Grofs, as they ftiall think heft, to fell and make “ their Profit, without Impeachment or Contradiction “ of any, notwi hft.inding any Statutes, Charters,.

“ Ordinances, Privileges, or Cuftoms made or had to “ the contrary; (2) and thereupon, by a Statute made 1 H- 4. c. 17. “ the Firft Year of King Henry the Fourth, it was “ ordained and ftablilhcd. That the faid Statute and “ Ordinance, made the faid Sixth Year, fliould be “ firmly bolden and kept, and duly executed, after the “ Form and Efte£t of the fame, notwithftanding any “ Letters Patents of late granted to the Fifhmongers “ of the City of London, as in the faid Statu .e, made “ the firft Year, fully appeareth ‘by the Suppli-‘ cation of the Commons aforefaid hath made, ordained,

‘ and ftablifhed by Authority aforefaid. That the faid ‘ Statutes fliall be* firmly bolden and kept, any other ‘ Statutes or Ordi ranees made to the contrary not-‘ withftanding; (3) joined to tiie fame. That if any The forfeiture * Man difturb any Foreign or Alien to fell their Fifhof him who ' in grofs or at retail, in Part or in whole, contrary tcH'!*url,cl.h 3,1 ‘ the faid Ordinances, and thereof be duly attainted l8l ‘ at the Suit of the King, or of the Party, that then he ft.ji (<,<>„, in £tof; ‘ fhall forfeit xli. (4) And he that will fue for our or by retail,0 ‘ Lord the King, or for himfelf, ill dl have the one ‘ half, and the King the other half. (5) And fuch ‘ Suit fhall be taken for any Offence committed in the ‘ City of London againft the f"kid Ordinance, for him ‘ which will fue for our Lord the King, or for himfdf. 9 E4.3, rt.it. r. ‘ in what County that plcafeth him, of the Countic. c- *•

4 of Middlefex, Hertford, EJJex, Kent, Surrey, or in rhe f c At‘ ‘ City of London.’	’	’	\\	r. j. c. 7

3 Jac. r. c, 6. giving fie Liberty of TuJe into Spain, Pj>tug >’ and France%

E e ee 2	CAP.

Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI

A. D. 1435.

EXP.

E X P. so H. &. c. 11

CAP. VII.

Merchandifes taken In Ships of the King’s Enemies, though belonging to Foreigners in Amity

with the King, fhall not be reftored.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

ITEM noftre Seignur le Roi confulerant par le greyoufe compleint a luy fait par les ditz Communes les aliens del amifte du Roi frettent Sc chargent les niefs & autres veflelx des enemys noftre dit Seignur dEf-payne Sc autres quelle chofe fupporte Sc graundement enforce la naveye des ditz cnemyes Sc auxi il eft le pluis fort mefnE: qe enforce ceux de la Rochell & autres divers adverfaries du Roi. Et fil aveigne qafcuns niefs ou vcffelx des ditz cnemyes enfi ove afcuns merchandifes charges foient prifes par les lieges du Roi fur le meer les ditz aliens del amiftee avauntdite par colour de faux chartres doubles lettres merches contrefaitz & faux tefmoignes de lour nation clayment Sc demandent les biens Sc merchandifes des ditz enemyes enfy prifes fur le meer come lour biens propres & a mefmes les biens & merchandifes fount reftores a graunde ar-rerifment de ceux qi les ount prifes Sc abbafiement du corage des ditz lieges. Et pur taunt noftre dit Seignur le Roi voillant purvoier de remcdic ad graunte Sc ordine par auclorite fuifdite entaunt qil ne foit contrarie a les lieges faitz parentre luy Sc afcuns de fes alies qe fil aveigne qafcuns merchandifes des aliens del amiftee avauntdite foient prifes par les ditz lieges apres le feft de Seint Michell larchangell prochein veignaunt en afcuns niefs ou veflelx dc ditz enemyes noftre dit Seignur le Roy nient efteantz defoubz le fauf conduit ou protection du Roi qadonoes les ditz lieges eux purront reteigner Sc enjoier faunz afeun empefehement ou reftitution ent affaire. Et durcra cefte ordinaunce pur trois ans prochein enfuantz Sc a pluis long temps fil pleafe au Roy.

CAP. VIII.

The Statute of 2 Henry 5. Slat. 1. cap. 6. touching Breakers of Truce, fufpended.

JTEA-f come ordine foit Sc declare par eftatuit fait en temps le Roi Henri pier noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft lan de foil regne feconde pur ceo qe devaunt la dite ordinaunce divers gentz comprifes deins les trieux fibicn faitz par le dit nadgairs Roy come par fon pier Aycl a noftre dit Seignur et auxi autres aiantz faveconduitz fibien du dit nadgairs Roi Henri le pier a noftre dit Seignur come de fon dit ayel ount eftee afcuns tuez afcuns robbes Sc dcipoillcs par les lieges & fubgittes du Roy fibien fur le hault meer come deins les portes Sc coftes du meer dEngleterrc dlrland & Gales parount les ditz treues Sc faufeonduitz ount efte rumpes & ofFenduz a graunde diflionure St'difclaundre du Roy Sc encountre fa dignite Sc les ditz tuers des homrnes robbours fpoillours Sc offendo'urs de les ditz trieux & faufeonduitz du Roi come defuis eft declare ount eftee par divers lieges Sc lubgittz du Roy deins les coftes de diverfes countees recettees abettz procurez confeillez lowes fuftenuz Sc manutenuz qe tielx tuerie robberie efpoillerie rumperie des trieux Sc faufeon-dui ez du Roi & voluntaries recett abbettement procurement counfeill lower fuftenaunce &'maintenaunce de tielx perfones affairs en temps avenir par afcuns des lieges Sc fubgitz du Roy deins le Roialme dEngleterre dlrland & dc Gales ou fur le hault meer foient adjugges Sc determinez pur hault trefon fait encountre la c rone & dignitee du Roy. Noftre Seignur le'Roy confiderant qe les peines contenuz Sc efpecifics en le dit eftatuit fount ft rigorous & grevous envers les lieges & fubgittz du Roy Sc eux ft ftreitementz lient qc les adverfaries Sc enemyes du Roy de faire guerre envers les ditz lieges du Roi fount graundement embaudez Sc confortes et plufours des ditz lieges Sc fubgittes du Roi auxibien fur le meer Sc coftes du meer come en les marches du.Roi alme dEngleteere fovent ount eftee afcuns difrobbes Sc difpoillez & afcuns tues parount plufours de mefmes les lieges enhabitantez es marches Sc coftes fuifdites fount graundement anientifes em-poverez Sc en point deftre hnalment deftruitz Sc les merchantz Sc mariners du Roi de paffer fur le meer ovefqe lour niefs Si veflealx ove lour merchandifes ou autrement en faire de guerre pur le faufgarde du meer fount graundement en difeorages & embeasfhez Sc la naveye du Roialme en point deftre deftruitz Sc les ditz merchantz de faire ou renoveller afcuns niefs ou veflelx toutoutrement difeomfortes ad ordine par advis affent & audtorite fuifditz qe null des ditz lieges Sc fubgites du Roi par force du dit eftatuit pur null chofe par luy attempte fait ou affaire encountre la forme Sc tenour du dit eftatuit deins fept ans profehein enfuantz apres le dit difme jour dOctobre foit en afeun maner puniffe empefche moleftee ou greve par force du dit eftatuit ne null peine encourge pur icell autrement qil duift devaunt le faifance du dit eftatuit eins qil fes heires Sc executours de toutz chofes Sc peines contenuz Sc efpecifies en le dit eftatuit come par force de mefme leftatuit a caufe dafeune offenfe fait durant le temps fuifdit envers le Roy fez heires Sc fucceffours foit toutoutrement cuietz Sc difchnrgefi pur toutz jours.

Statutes

A. D. 1436. Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI.	C.	1,	2.

Statutes 7nade at Weftminfter,

Dorn

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

NOSTRE foverain Seignur 1c Roi Henry le fil'me apres le conqueft a for. parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le xxj“ jour de Januaire lan de for regne xvme de ladvis Sc afl'ent des Seig-nurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx & a lefpecialc inftance £c requcfte de les Communes du Roialme en mefme le parlement efteantz ad fait ordeinez Sc eftabliez ccrteins ftatutz Sc ordinances al honour de Dieu Sc le bien Sc profit de luy Sc de fon dit Roialme en la fourmc qeni'uit.

Anno 15 Hen. VI. and Anno ■ I436*

“ A T the Parliament holden at Wejlmhifier the “	/-\	One	and	twentieth Day of January, the

“ U. 3^ Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King cc Henry the Sixth after the Conqueft, by the Advice “ and Afient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, “ and at the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Com-“ mons of the Realm; the fame our Lord the King “ hath caufed to be ordained certain Statutes to the “ Honour of God, and the Profit of him and his “ Realm, in the Form following.”

58*

CAP. I.

Where in a Suit before the Marlhal, the Defendant may plead, that the Plaintiff or he are

not of the Kino’s Houfe.

EN primes pur ceo qe let Senefchall Sc Maref-chall de Hoftell du Roy & lour deputees avaunt cez heures ount tenuz devaunt eux plees de dette detenu Sc autres plees perfon'clx moevez parentre gentz qi ne furent de mefme loftell en lour recorde faifantz mention qe les pleintifs & defendants de mefme les plees furent del dit Hoftell Sc a lez parties defendants en mefmes les plees ne allowent lour chaleng & exceptions par eux aleggez qe ils mefmes ou les pleintifs en mefmes les fuites' ne fount pas de mefme loftell encoun-tre les leys Sc eftatuts ent avant ces heures eus St-faitz parount divers des lieges noftre dit Seignur le Roi en fa Court devant lez ditz Senefchall & Marefchall tenuz fovent foitz encountre le leie fount grevoufment vexez Sc entroublez a lour graunde damage Sc amentiflement. Noftre ait Seignur le Roi les premifles confiderez ad or-deine par audtorite de mefrrje le parlement qe en chcfcun feurte defore enavaunt pur les defendants aprendre ils ne foient eftoppes par tiel recorde a dire qils mefmes ou lez pleintifs en mefme le recorde efpecifiez ne furent al temps du dit plee ou fuit commence del Hoftell du Roy come par mefme le recorde eft fuppofe eins eient lez ditz defendants lour averement a dire qils mefmes ou les ditz pleintifs ne furent de mefme loftell a temps de tiel plee ou fuit commence le dit recorde ou afeun matier deinz icell continuz nient obftant.

C A

“ TY IRS T, Recaufe that the Steward and Marfhal« Bulftr. xoj,

“ JD of the King’s Houfe and their Deputies before “ this Time have holden before them Pleas of Debt,

“ Detinue, and other Pleas perfonal moved betwixt “ People which were not of the fame Houfe, making mention in their Records, that the Plaintiffs and De-“ fendants of- the fame Pleas were of the faid Houfe,

“ (2) and do not allow to the Parties Defendants in “ the fame Pleas their Challenges and Exceptions by “ them alledged, that they tbemfelves, or the Plain-“ tiffs in the fame Suits, be not of the fame Houfes,

“ againft the Laws and Statutes before this 'Lime hadaS E<i. t. ftst.

“ and made, whereby divers of the King’s liege Peo-3- c- 3-“ pie in his Court holden before the faid Steward and's Q; l-fl3'-“ Marfhal oftentimes againft the Law be grievoufty g'Rc' f c “ vexed and troubled to their great Damage and Hin- r.T ftat. 1,. “ drance.” ‘ (3) Our faid Lord the King, confider-c. a.

4 ing the Premifles, hath ordained bv Authority of the ‘ fame Parliament, That in every Suit3 from hence-3 Sursty-‘ forth againft the-faid Defendants to be taken, they * fhall not be eftopped by fitch Record, to fay that ‘ themfelves, or the Plaintiffs in the fame Record fpe-‘ cified, were not at the Time of the faid Plea or Suit ‘ thereof commenced, of the King’s Houfe, as by the ‘ fame Record is fuppofed ; (4) but the Defendants ‘ fhall have their Averment to fay, That they them-‘ felves, or the faid Plaintiffs, were not of the fame ‘ Houfe at the Time of fuch Plea or Suit commenced,

‘ the faid Record or other Matter within the fame con- H , ( c' tained notwithftanding,’	n.6cfi,'e	tvlom

Murders committed in the King's Houle foall bt tried.

P. II.

Corn being of fmall Price, viz. Wheat at Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and Barley at Three Shillings the Quarter, may be carried forth of the Realm without Licence.

ITEM pur ceo qe par la leie ordeihee null home poet carter ne amefner blees hors du Roialme dEngleterre A'terc.i By 1 ja& faunz licence du Roy par caufe de quell fermours Sc autres homes qi ufent manuoverement de lour terreP ne poent vendre lour blees finon a baes prife a graunde damage de tout le Roialme. Noftre Scignur le Roiy0 h.V c. V. voiliant en ceo cas purvoier de remedie ad ordeinee par aueborite deffuifdite qe bien lirra a cliefcun homme efkipper Sc carier toutz maners des blees Sc graines hors de cefte Roialme a qiconqe lieu qi luy plerra forfpris tant foulement a les enemies noftre dit Seignur le Roy ft fovent Sc tant longeinent come un quarter de frument nexcede paes le price vj. s. viij. d. Sc un quarter dorge iij. s. en icell porte lou frument ou orge eft tielment e/kippes Sc ceo faunce afeun licence fuier pur icell toutz autres ordinances ent avant ces heures faitz a con-trarie nient obftantz. Purveu toutz foitz qeleRoi foit content de fez cuftumes Sc devoirs.. Et durera icelte-ordinance tanqe al procheine parlement.	C A. P-

Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI. A. D. 1436.

C A P. III.

J •	i.	, -	*

What Things be requifite to make a Safe Condinfb effectual.

“ ITE M, Whereas our faid Lord the King of late ££ X hath granted his Letters of Safe Conduct to cer-“ tain Perfons to come and go in and out of the “ Realms and Seigniories of England, France, and Ire-“ land, with certain Number of Ships charged with ££ their Merchandifes, andthatFaith and Credit fhould “ as well be given to the Copy called Vidimus, fealed “ under the Seals authentique and approved, as to the “ Original of the faid Letters; (2) one 'John dc Gau-“ tier, one -of the Perfons aforefaid,'granted and deli-“ vered the Vidimus of the faid Safe Condudl to fuch “ and to as many as him pleafed, fealed with the Seal “ of him that calleth himfelf King of France,~ under “ the Colour of which Vidimus a great Navy of the ££ adverfe Part was aflembled, and did fake many Ships, * victualled te and the King’s liege People and * Vi final, to the “ Towns and Fortrefies of the Adverfaries, to the great ££ Damage of the King and of the liege' People afore-“ faid, as our faid Lord the King, at the grievous-££ Complaint to him made by the faid Commons in the “ faid Parliament, hath perceived*:” ,‘.,(3). The fame-°N L°rd the King, confidering the great Inconve-be put in a Safe ‘ niencies which might enfue by fuch and other'which Conduft, uniefs £ do evil ufe.his Letters of Safe Condu£l,.andrihat un-upon &meipecial ‘ der Colour of fuch Vidimus a whole Navy-of Ene-Caufe‘	‘ mies may be coloured, and daily vidlual, fluff-, and

f AJd bis Realms, ‘	refrefh their Party, in great Damage 'of f his	Realm

and especially of ‘	0f England, doth will, and	hath	commanded	by	the

‘ Authority aforefaid, to the Keepers, of his Great and ‘ Privy Seal, that they fliall not fufFer’fuc.h Claufe Vi-‘ dhnus to be,put in any Safe Con.ducl from henceforth ‘ to be granted, uniefs it fo be, that fonie great or fome ‘ notable Caufe or Matter move the fame our Lord the ‘ King to grant the fame in fuch wife ; (4) and willeth ‘ alfo, That in all Safe Conducts to be,.granted from ‘ henceforth to any Perfon or Perfons, the Name of _	£ them, of the Ships, and of the Mailers, and the

s->’1	‘	Number.-of the Mariners,	with	the Portage	of	the

2o h. 6. c. S. ‘	Ships, fliall be expreffed. •

33 H. 6. c. 4. Confirmed by 14 Ed, 4. c. 4*

CAP.

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.

ITEM par la ou nolire dit Seignur le Roy nad;

gairs avoit graunte fes lettres de faufe conduyt as certeins perfons pur venir Sc aler en Sc hors de les Roialmes Sc Seignuries dEngleterre Fraunce Sc. Irlonde ovefqe certeine nombre des niefs charges ovefqe lour march'andifes & qe foie Sc credance ferroit done fibien a -la copie apellez Vidimus en-: fealez foubo feales autentiques Sc approvez come al original! de lez ditz lettres un John le Gautier un de les- perfons defuifditz graunta Sc delivera le Vidimus du dit fauf conduyt as tielx & as tauntz come luy pluifl enfeales foubz le feale celuy qi foy appelle Roy de Fraunce foubz umbre de quel Vidimus un graunde navie de la partie adverfarie fuilt affemble- Sc prill plufours niefs Sc lieges du Roy Sc vitailla lez villes Sc fortrefies de les parties ad-verfaries a graunde damage du Roy Sc de fez lieges fuifditz fi come nollre dit Seignur le Roy a la grevoufe compleint.a luy en fait par les ditz Communes lad pleinment entenauz mefme nollre Seignur coqfiderant lez graundes .inconvenientz qucu.c purroient efehier par tielx & autres qi nialement ufent fez lettres de fauf conduyt Sc qe foubz umbre de tielx Vidimus tout un entier navie des ad-, verfaries poet ellre umbrez Sc journement vitailler elloffer Sc refreslher lour partie en graunde damage de fez Roialmes Sc fpecialment de le RoialTe. dEngleterre voet doner en commaundement a les gardeins de fes graunde Sc prive fealx- qils ne foef-frent pas tiel claufe de Vidimus ellre mys en null fruf conduyt a-grauntiers de'cy.enavaunt fil ne if-fmt foit qe afeun graunde ou notable caufe ou.ma-tier moeve mefme nollre Seignur le Roy pur ceo tielment graunter. Et voet auxi par auctorite fuif-dite qe en toutz fauf conduyts de cy enavaunt a graunterz a afeun perfon ou perfons les nouns de iceux,de les. niefs Sc de les maiilres Sc. le noumbre demariners ovefqe le portage des niefs foient ex-prelfez. ;	,	i:

IV.

None fliall fue a .Suhpcena until he find Surety to fatisfy the Defendant his Damages, if he

do not verify his Bill.

This Chapter is “ ITE M, For that divers Perfons have before this not upon the “ Time been greatly vex-ed and grieved by Writs ££ of Subpoena, purchafcd for Matters determinable-by “ the Common Law of this Land, to the great Da-££ mage of fuch Perfons fo vexed, in Subverfion and “ Impediment of the Common Law aforefaid ‘ (2) ‘ our Lord the King doth command, That the Statutes ‘ thereof made fhall he duly obferved according to the ■* Form and EfFedl of the fame, (3) and that 110 Writ ‘ of Subpoena be granted from henceforth until Surety £ be found to fatisfy the Party fo grieved and vexed, ‘ for his Damages and Expences, if fo he that the 17 R. 2. c. 6.	£	Matter cannot be made good, which is contained in

Er. Conic, 24.	‘	the Bill.’

IF E M pur cco que diverfes perfones ont avant'cez heurez efte graundement vexes et grevez per briefes de fub pena purchaces pur matters determina-bkz per let comen -ley de cejl terre, a ground damage de tielx perfonez iffint vexes, en fubverfion et impcai-ment de la comen ley fuifdite ; Nojhe Seignur le Roy voet que les ejlatuitz enl faiiz foient duement gardes foloncque la four me et effefi dice lies ; et que null briefe 'de fub pena foit graunte dc cy enavant, tanque feurice foit trove, pur fntisfier la partie enfy grew et vexe pttr fes damages et expet fes, ft iffint fit que le ma-tier ne poet pas ejlre fait bon quele' ejl conienus en la billc.

C A P.

A. D. 1436. Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI.

c* 5*	5	8	3

C A P. V.

What Sort of Perfons may be impanelled upon'an Attaint.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant qe le triall de vie b de inort terres b tenementz biens b chateux de ehcfcun perfon de fes' lieges dieeftc Roialme touehanr matiers en fait par le leie de mefme le Roialme remaigne b eftaa & de jour en jour verifemblablement ell pur eftre eue & fait par les ferementz des enqueftes de xij. homines duement fummones en fez Courtes et auxi qe les graundes'pourleffe b inhonuteffe perjurie qe orri-blement continue journement encreffe en les commune; jurrours du dit Roialme a la pluis graunde verifemblable mefehief qe puis eheier al dit Roialme et qil eft a fuppofer par refon qe le pluis fuffieiantz qe hommes foient des terres b tenementz le pluis nonfembhblement ils fount a eftre tretcz ou moevez a perjure par brocage poure ou corruption & qe en chefcun adtion & biief dateint au meyns y faut eftre xiij. defendantz fil ne foit qe mort dafcuny de eux caufe le contrarie des queux xiij. defendantz chefcun perfon par la leie poet avoir feverall plee & refponfe triable en quecounqe eountee qe luy pleaft del Roialme avauntdit b chefcun de ieelles xiij. pipes & refponfes triables hors del eountee en quel laftion b brief dateint eft purfue eaufera la delaie de la prife de graunde jure dateint jefqes au temps qe chefcun des' ditz foreins feveralx refponfes foit trie. 'Et tout foit qe toutz iceux xiij. foreins feveralx refponfes b plees chefcun apres auter pur eaufer plufours de-laies foient plees tries & trovez eountre iceux xiij. defendantz ils nount afeun prejudice par icels ne les pleintifs en les ditz actions & briefs dateinz null autre avauntage mes qe le Court du Roy adonqes de proceder a la prife du dit graunde' jutie la quell par fubtilitee qe de jour en jour encrefce purroit eaufer la delaie des pleintifs en les ditz actions & briefs dateint par x. ans ou pluis par commune eftimation ad ordeine par lauftori e avauntdite pur partie de remedie de la mefeheef fuifdit qe null vifeount baillif du franchife ne coroner en adfions ou briefs dateint du plee du terre dannuell value de xl. s. ou pluis ne dadfion de de-tenue des faitz concernants tdrres h tenements de femblable value ou pluis ne-deplee perfonell dount le juggement de reeoverer extende a la fomme de xl. li.’ ou pluis retourne ne empanell en null in-quifition ne enqueft nulles perfones mes eeux en-habitantz dedeins fa bailie queux a ec.ll temps eient eftate a lour propre opes ou ceux as queux oeps autres perfons ount eftate de fee fimple fee taill ou frank tenement en terres & tenements dannuell Value de xx. li’ ou pluis dedeins fa bailie hors del auncien. demefme les Cynk portes b tenure de Gavelkynde dc ne meindres iftes en les ditz actions datteint retourne en la Court du Roy qe xl. s. a le primer brief dc diftrefle b cent foulz a le feeund'e brief dc diftreffe b le double a chefeun autre brief de diftreffe envers les perfones em-panclles. & rctournes pur eftre jurrez en mefirtes les actions. Et qe null perfone de meindre' fuf-fteiante du- frank tenement qe dell annuell value de xx. li’ en la fourme deffuifdit foit jurrie en la

ITEM our Lord the King confidering that the Trial of Life and Death, of Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chatties of every Perfon of his liege People of this Realm, touching Matters in Deed, by'theLawof the fame Realm remain and ftand, and daily is very likely to be had and made, by the Oaths of Inquefts' of Twelve Men duly fum-moned in his Courts; (2) and alfo that the great aa Fsariefs and , Perjury, which horribly continueth, and daily in-lhameltfs> ereafeth in the common Jurors of the faid Realm, is moil: likely to tend to the greateft Mifehief which may fall to the faid Realm; (3) and that it is to be fuppofed, by reafon that th’e more fuffieient that Men be of Lauds and Tenements, the more unlikely they are to be drawn or moved to Perjury by Brocage,

Power, or Corruption ; (4) and that in every Adtion and Writ of Attaint at the leaft there muft be Thirteen Defendants, unlcfs that the Death of any caufe the contrary;1 (5) of which Thirteen Defendants every Perfon by the Law may have a feveral Plea and Anfwer, triable in whatfoever County that him pleafeth of the faid Realm, (6) and every of the fame Thirteen Pleas and Anfwers triable out of the County in which the Adtion and Writ of Attaint is fued, doth caufe the Delay of, the taking of the Grand Jury of Attaint, until the Time that every of the faid foreign feveral Anfwers be tried; (7) And although that all thefe Thirteen feveral Anfwers and Pleas, every one after other, to caufe more Delays, be pleaded, tried, and found againft thefe Thirteen.

Defendants, they themfelves have no Prejudice by the fame, nor the Plaintiffs in the faid Adbions and Writs of Attaint no other Advantage, but that the King’s Court then fhall proceed to the taking of the faid Grand Jury, which by Subtilty that daily in-creafeth may caufe the Delay of the Plaintiffs in the faid Actions and Writs of Attaint by Ten Years or more, by common Eftimation;” ‘ (8) Hath ordained by Authority aforefaid, for Part of the Remedy of the faid Mifehief, That no Sheriff, Bailiff of Franchife, nor Coroner, in Actions or Writs of Attaint of Plea of Land, of the yearly Value of xl. s. or more, nor Action of* Attaint of Deeds eon-* Dethw*. cerning Lands or Tenements of like Value, or more, nor perfonal, whereof the Judgement of the Recovery fhall extend to the Sum of Forty Pounds, or more, fhall return nor impanel in any Inquifition nor Inqueft, any Perfons but fuch as be inhabiting, within his Bailiwick, which have Eftate to their own Ufe, or they to c hofe Ufe other Perfons have Eftate, of Fee-fimple, Fee-tail, or Freehold, in Lands and Tenements, of the yearly Value of xx. li. or more in his Bailiwick, out of ancient Demefne, the Five •

Ports, and the Tenure of Gavelkind, (9) nor fhall rS H. 6. c.E return in the King’s Court lefs Iffues in the faid Ac-Wh:1t tions of Attaint, than xl. s. at the firft Writ of Di-^j11 lle mulncd ftrefs, and C. s.. at the feeond Writ of Diftrels, and|!f™ Attaint"0* the Double of every other Writ of Diftrefs againft the Perfons impanelled and returned to he fworn in the fame Aftions. (10) And that no Perfon of lefs Sufficiency of Freehold than of the yearly Value of xx. li. in the Form aforefaid, fhall be fworn in the

‘ Kina’s

Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI.

A. D. 1436.

A foreign Plea pleaded by any of the Det'en-clants found for the plrnniy. Keihv. 55.

This Statute doth not extend to Cities or Boroughs.

A Remedy if there be not fuf- < ficient Men in c the fame County, vho have Lands of the yearly	c

Value of xx /.	*

Farther provided for by 23 H. 8 «• 3-

King’s Court upon any IfTue in the faid AClions of Attaint, if lie be for the fame by the. Plaintiffs in due Form challenged. (11) And that alfo as often as any Sheriff", Bailiff" of Franchife, or Coroner, do contrary to this Ordinance, he fhall pay, and by this Statute be bound to pay to the King x. li. aiul-to the Plaintiff's in the faid Actions and Writs of Attaint for their Delay other x. li. (12) And if any of the foreign Anfv/ers and Pleas be tried and found againff any of the faid Defendants, that then the fame Judgement againff the fame Defendants, and for the (aid Plaintiff’s, (hall be given by the King’s Jufticcs, and Confideration of his Courts, as by the Law fliould be given againff: the fame Defendants, in Cafe that the Grand Jury in the faid Actions and Writs of Attaint, upon the Points and Articles of the fame Writs, had puffed againff the fame Defendants, and with the faid Plaintiff’s. (13) And that by the fame Judgements, no other of the faid Defendants, but they againff whom the aforefaid foreign Anfwers and Pleas be found and tried, {hall be prejudiced or endamaged ; (14.) and that this Statute touching the Office of Sheriff, Bailiff" of Franchife, and Coroner, in returning of the faid Perfons of the Sufficiency of Freehold of the yearly Value of xx. li. and that no Perfon of lefs Sufficiency of Freehold be fworn in the faid Actions and Writs of Attaint, fhall not extend to Cities and Boroughs within the faid Realm, nor to the Inhabitants in the fame.

‘ II. Provided always, That if in any of the faid Counties there be not Perfons inhabiting (under .the Effatc of a Baron) of Pofieffion of Lands and Tenements of the yearly Value of xx li. in the fame County, in the Form aforefaid, to fuffice the Number to be impanelled and returned in the faid Actions and Writs of Attaint, that then the Sheriff", and Bailiffs of Franchifes, and Coroners of the fame County, fhall impanel and return in the fame Actions and Writs, Perfons there inhabiting, of the meft fufficient of Pofieffion of yearly Value of Lands and Tenements within the Value of xx li. in the fame County in the Form aforefaid ; (2) and that to fuch Perfons the faid Challenge extend not, that he is not of Pofieffion of Lands and Tenements of the yearly Value ofxxli. in the fame County; (3) and that as often as any of the fame Sheriff's, Bailiff's, or Coroners do contrary to this prefent Article, he fhall pay to the King xli. and to the Plaintiff’s xli. in the lorm aforefaid.’

Ex Rat. hi Turr. Lond.

Court du Roi fur null ifiue en les ditz a&ions dat-teint ffl foit pur icell par les pleintifsen due fourme chalanges. Et qe auxi fovent qe afeun vicount baillif du fraunchife ou coroner face le contrarie de cefte ordinance qil paie 6c par ceft eftatut foit tenuz a .paier au Roy x. li. 6c a le; pleintifs en les ditz actions 6c briefs datteint pur lour delaies au-tres x. li. Et qe fi afeun des ditz foreins refponfes & pices foit triee 6c trove encountre afeun des ditz defendantz qadonques mefmes les juggementz eountre mefmes les defendantz 6c pur les ditz pleintifs foient dones par les Juftices du Roy "Sc confideration de fes Courts ii come par la leie ferroit donee envers les mefmes defendants en cas qe le graunde jurie en les ditz actions 6c briefs datteint fur les points & articles de mefmes les briefs paf-fez encountre mefme les defendants & ovefqe les ditz pleintifs. Et qc par mefmes les juggementz null autre des ditz defendantz futon ceux vers queux les avauntditz foreins refponies 6c plees fount troves 6c triez foit bleffez ne endamages. Et qe fi eftatuit touchant loffice de vifeount baillif de fraunchife & coroner en retournant des per-fones de la fufficiauntee du frank tenement dan-nuell value de xx. li.’ et qe null perfone de mein-dre fufficiante du frank tenement foit jurie en les ditz adtions & briefs datteint ne extende pas as ci-tees & burghs de le dit Roialme ne a les enhabi-tantz en icelles.

Purveu toutz foitz .qe ft en afeuny de les ditz countees ne foient perfones enhabitantz defoubz le Rate de’baron del pofieffion dez terres 6c tenementz dannuell value de xx. li. en mefme le counte en la fourme avantdit a fuffire le noumbre pur eftre empanelles 6c retournes en les ditz actions 6c briefs datteint qadonques le vifeount baillifs defranchifez 6c coronours de’ mefme le counte empanell 6c re-tourne en mefmes les aftions 6c briefs perfones il-leoqes enhabitantz de la pluis fufficiante du poflef-fion dannuell value de terrez Si tenementz deinz la value de xx. li. par an en mefme le counte en la fourme avauntdit & qe a ceux perfones nextende pas lavauntdite chalanges qils ne fount del fufficiante des terres 6c tenementz dannuell value de xx. li. en mefme’le counte 6c ceo auxi fovent qe afeun de mefmes les vifeountz baillifs ou coroners face le contrarie de ceft darrein article qil paie nu Roy x. li. 6c au ditz pleintifs x. li. cn la fourme avantdite.

dad Jen farther Regulations in Attaints 21 II. 7. c. 21	24.	19	II.	7.	c.	3.	and	37	II.	8.	f.	5.

C A P. VI.

A Reftraint of unlawful Orders made by Mailers of Guildes, Fraternities, and other

Companies.

EXP. TTEM come les maiftres gardeins 6c gents des plufurs gildes fraternitees 6c autres companies incorporatz T9 H. j. c. 7. demurantz es diverfes parties uu Roialme fovent par colour de reule 6c governable 6c autres termes en ge-nerall paroiles a cux grauntes 6c confermes par chartres 6c lettres pateniz des progenitours noftre Seignur le Roi facent entre eux mefmes plufours difloialx 6c meins refonables ordenaunces tant des tielx chofes dount la <»>nufaunce puniliemcnt 6c correction foulement parteignent an Roi Seignurs des fraunchifes 6c autres perfones 6c parount noftre dit Seignur le Roi 6c autres fount dilheritez de lour franchifez 6c profitz come dcs chofes qe fonnent en confederacie pur lour finguler profit 6c commune damage au poeple. Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy par adt is 6c afi’ent des Seignurs efpirituelx 6c temporelx avauntditz 6c a la preier des Communes dcfluifditz a ordeince par auclorite de mefme le parkment qe les meiftres gardeins 6C gents de chefcun tiel gilde fratcr-nitee ou compaince incorporate par entre cy 6c le fell de Seint Michiell prochein venannt portent 6c facent re-giffrer de recorde devuunt les jultices du peas cn countes ou devaunt les chief governours des citees burghs 6c 2	villes

A. D. 1436. Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI.	C. 7, 8.	585

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond.

villes ou tielx glides fratermtes & eompaignes fount toutz lour lettres patents Sc cliartres. Et outre ad or-deinee Sc defenduc par laudforite fuifdit qe defore enavaunt null des tielx nreiftres gardeins nc gents face ne ufe null ordeinaunce qe foit en defheritifon ou diminution des fraunchifes du Roy ou dautres ne encountre Ie commune profit du poeple ne null autre ordenaunce de charge ill ne foit primerement difcuffee Sc approvec pur bone Sc refonable par les juftices du peasou les chief governours avauntditz Sc devaunt eux entree de re-corde Sc par eux revoquee & repelle depuis i'll foit trovee Sc prove par eux meins loiall ou non refonable Sc ceo fur peine de perdre Sc forfaire le force Sc effedte des toutz articles en lour ditz lettres Sc chartres comprifez par queux ils purroient faire entre eux mefmes afcuns ordenaunces et outre de perdre Sc paier x. li.’ au Roy pur chefcun ordeinaunce qe afcun de eux face ou ufe au contrarie auxi fouvent qil ferra de ceo par due procefle Sc loiall maner convidt de record devaunt afcun des ditz juftices du peas ou chief governours des citecs burghs ou villes. Et durera cefte ordeinaunce tant come y plerra a mefme noftre Seignur le Roy. •

CAP. VII.

All Perfons Religious and Secular may make their general Attornies to fue or plead for

them in every Hundred and Wapentake.

ITEM noftre dit Seignur par afTent des Seignurs Sc Communes avauntditz ad ordeinee & eftable par auc- E x p-torite fuifdite qe defore enavaunt toutz les Abbes Priours & autres religiofes Sc lour fucceffours Sc chefcun*0 ^ 3- £J°-deux qe ount afcun terres tenements ou autres poflcflions deins afcun de les wapentakes de Staynclyf wapen-*.3IO/ If 4' take Sc Frendeles wapentake en Craven en le counte dEverwyk purront faire lour attournes ou attournee ge- 7 r. i. c. 14. neralx ou generall en toutz les courts deinz les ditz wapentakes & chefcun de .eux ceftaffavoire chefcun des ditz Abbes Priours Sc religioufes feveralmentdefoubz le commune feale de fa meafon pur gayner& perdre en chefcun maner de plee par afcun ou vers afcun deux en les ditz courtes ou afcun deux moevee ou amoeverz & qe les ditz Abbes Sc Priours Sc autres religiofes & lours ditz attournes Sc chefcun deux purront pleder en les ditz courts & chefcun de eux toutz maners des pices qe fount en ley pledables & en ley allowables & qe chefcun fenefchall Sc baillif de ou en afcun de les ditz courtes pur le temps efteant refceive auxibien chefcun attourneyen le manere fuifdite deftre fait come les ditz plees paries ditz Abbes Priours Sc religiofes & par lour ditz attournes Sc par chefcun deux deftre pledes faunce amercier les ditz Abbes Priours Sc religiofes ou afcun de eux en le manere deffuifdit ou autrement qe perfones feculers en femblables cas faunz fraude ferront amerciez et qc chefcun des fenefehalx & baillifs fuifditz a chefcun foitz qil face le contrarie de ceft ordenaunce forface & cncourge la peine de x. li. au Roi Sc qe chefcun perfone qi voet fuer pur Ie Roi en cell cas eit brief de dette foundu fur ceft eftatut Sc eit lun moite pur fon labour Sc le Roy lautre moite. Et qe en mefme la manere toutz autres Abbes Priours Sc autres religiofes & lour fucceffours Sc autres feculers •qiconques deinz ceft Roialme en chefcun hundreth & wapentake deinz mefme le Roialme poient faire lour attournes generalx ou generall pur pleder pur eux & chefcun de eux en la fourme fuifdit ceftaffavoir les ditz Abbes Priours Sc religiofes defoutz le commune feale Sc les feculers perfones defoubz lour fealx. Et ft les fenefchall baillifs ou afcun miniftre de afcun tiel hundreth ou wapentake face le contrarie dicelle forface chefcun deux au Roy x. li. come deffuis eft dit. Et dureront iceftes ordinaunce Sc eftablement tant come y plerra au Roy.

CAP. VIII.

No Merchant lhall fhip any Merchandifes of the Staple, but at Wharfs affigned, &V.

See appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter,

Anno Dom.

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond.

NOSTRE Seignur le Roi Henry Ie fifme apres le conqueft a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le lendemayn de Seint Martin en iver le xijme jour de Novembre lan de fon reigne xviije al onour de Dieu Sc pur le bien de luy Sc fon Roialme de ladvys Sc affent des Seignurs ef-pirituelx Sc temporelx & les Communes en mefme le parlement affembleez ad fait ordeigner Sc efta-blier diverfes eftatuitz Sc ordinances en la fourme qenfuit.

Anno 18 Hen. VI. a?id

1439-

UR Lord King Henry the Sixth after the Conqueft, at his Parliament holden ■a.tWeJl-minjier the Morrow after St. Martin, in Winter, the Twelfth Day of November, the Eighteenth Year of his Reign, to the Honour of God, and for the Weal of him and of his Realm, by the Advice and Affent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in the fame Parliament afl'embled, hath made, ordained, and ftablifhed divers Statutes and Ordinances in the Form following.”

<<

it

a

a

it

it

it

Vo u I.

Ffff

CAP.

5B6	C. I,

Anno decimo odlavo Henrici VI,

A. D. 1439.

CAP. I.

Letters Patents (hall bear the Date of the King’s Warrant delivered into the Chancery.

Farther provided “ THIRST, Whereas by Suit made to the King by fm 27 H. 8.	“ Jp divers Perfons, it hath been defired by their

c. ii.	“ Petitions, to have Offices, Ferms, and other Things

“ of the Gift and Grant of the King, by his gracious “ Letters Patents thereof to them to be made, delir-“ ing by. the fame Petitions, the fame Letters Patents “ of the King to bear Date at a certain Day limited “ in the fame, the which Day is often long before, the “ King’s Grant to them thereupon made have born “ the fame Date, by reafon whereof divers of the “ King’s liege People having fuch Offices, Ferms, tc and other Things of the Gift or Grant of the King, “ by his gracious Letters Patents thereof to them long “ Time before duly made, by fuch fubtil Imagination “ of fuch Antedates defired by fuch Petitions, of fuch “ Offices, Ferms, and other'Things, often have been “ put out, amoved, and expelled, againft Right, good “ Confcience, and Reafon ‘ (2) Our faid Lord the ‘ King, willing to put out fuch Imaginations, by the ' Advice and AfTent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-‘ poral aforefaid, and at the fpecial Requeft of the faid * Commons, hath ordained, by Authority of the fame ‘ Parliament, That of every Warrant hereafter fent ‘ by the fame our Lord the King, or his Heirs, to the ‘ Chancellor of England for the time being, the Day of ‘ the Delivery of the fame to the Chancellor ihall Plow. f. 491.	‘ be entered of Record in the Chancery ; (3) and that

20 H. 7. f. 8. i the Chancellor do caufe Letters Patents to be made Dyer, 1.133.	5 upon the fame Warrant, bearing Date the Day of the

‘ faid Delivery in the Chancery, and not before in ‘ any wife ; (4) and if any Letters Patents be from ‘ henceforth made to the contrary, they Shall be void, ‘ fruilrate, and bolden for none.’

Ex Rot. in Tttrr.. Lond.

PRimerement come par fuite fait au Roy par divers gentz ad cite defire par lour petitions daver offices fermes b autres ehofes del don & graunte du Roy par fez gracious lettres patentz ent a eux a faire defirauntz par icell petitions mefmes les lettres patentz du Roy de porter date a certein jour limite en icell le quell jour eft fovent longement devaunt le graunte du Roy a eux faitz de lour ditz petitions parount les lettres patentz du Roy a eux fur ceo faitz cunt porte mefme la date a caufe de quell divers lieges du Roy eiantz tielx offices fermes b autres ehofes du don ou graunte du Roy par fez gracious lettres patentz a eux longe temps devaunt duement fait par tielx fubtils ymaginations de tiels antedates defirez par tiels petitions de tiels offices fermes b autres chofez fovent ount efte ouftes amoves b expelles encountre droit bon confcience b reafon. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy voillant ouftier tiels ymaginations del avys b aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx b temporelx b al efpeciale requeft des ditz Communes ad ordine par audiorite de mefme le par-lement qe de qeconqe garrant en apres par mefme noftre Seignur le Roy ou fez heires al Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant addrefle le jour du livere dicell al Chaunceller foit entre du re-corde en la Cbauncerie et qe le Chaunceller face faire lettres patentes fur mefmes les garrantz por-tantz date le jour du dit livere en la Chaunqerie b nemy devaunt en null manere et ft alcuns lettres patentes foient defore faitz al contrarie foient voidez irritez b tenuz pur nulles.

C A P. ii.

They which have Gavelkind Lands to the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, may be returned

in Attaints.

15 H. 6, c. 5.

“ T TEM, Whereas in the Parliament of our Lord “ 1 the King, holden at TVcftmhiJler the Fifteenth “ Year of his Reign, among other Articles it was “ ordained. That no Sheriff, Bailiff of Franchife, nor “ Coroner, in Adtion or Writs of Attaint of Plea of “ Land of the yearly Value of xl. s. or more,"nor in “ Action of Attaint of Deeds concerning Lands and “ Tenements of the yearly Value of xl. s. and more, “ nor in perfonal Adtion, whereof the Judgement of “ the Recovery extends to xl. Ii. or more, fhould “ return or impanel in any Inquifition or Inqueft, any “ Perfons but them that be inhabiting within his Baili-“ wick, which have F.ftate to their Dfc or they to ‘c whom other Perfons have Eftate of Fee-fimple, Fee-“ tail, or Free-hold, in Lands and Tenements of the ■ “ yearly Value of xx. Ii. or more, within his Baili-“ wick, out of antien.t Demean, live Ports, and the <c Tenure of Gavelkind ; (2) in refpedt of which Or-“ dinance, feeing within the County of Kent there be £< but 'Thirty or Forty Perfons atthemoft, which have “ any Lands or Tenements out of the Tenure of Ga-M velkind, bccaufe the greater Part of the faid County, “ or veil nigh all, is of the Tenure of Gavelkind,

ITEM come al parlement noftre Seignur le Roy tenuz a Weftm’ lan de fon reigne xvmc entre autres articles foit ordeigne qe null vifeount bailie de fraunchis ne coroner en adtion ou briefes dat-teyntes de plee de terre de annuell value de xl. s. ou pluis nen adtion de atteynt des faitz concernantz terres b tenementz de annuell value de xl. s. ou pluis ne perfoneli adtion dount le jugement de recovere extend al fomme de xl. Ii.’ ou pluis retourne ne empanelle en null inquifition ne en-quelle nulles perfones mes ceux enhabitauntz deinz fa bailie qi ount eftate a lour oeps ou ceux as queux autres perfones ount eftate de fee fimple fee taille ou frandlenement en terres & tenementz de annuell value de xx. Ii.’ par an ou pluis deins fa bailie bors de auncien demefne cynk portz b la tenure de Gavylkynde par caufe de quel ordenaunce a caufe qe deins le counte de Kent fount qe trent ou quarront perfones a pluis qe ount afeuns terres ou tenementz hors de tenure de Gavylkynde pur ceo qe la grendre partie du dit counte ou bien pres tout eft de tenure de Gavylkynde les queux perfones fount continuel-

ment

a

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. ment empanellez Sc retournez en lcs ditz adtions datteintes a graunde anientifment St empoveriff-ment des mefmes les perfones noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant les premifles ad graunte ordiiae St eftablie par laudtorite defuifdit qe iceux hommes qi ount eftat a lour oeps Sc auxint iceux as queux oeps autres hommes ount eftat de fee fimple fee taiile ou franclenement es terres Sc tenementz dannuell value de xx» li.’ de la tenure de Ga-vylkynde foient retourncz Sc empanellez en autiels atteintes come fount defoubz reciteez les queux atteintes ne fount pas ore pendantz mes purront pendre en temps avenir mefmes en les manere & fourme come afcun autre perfone poet eftie retournez Sc empanellez par force du dit eftatuit fait le dit an quindfifme.

“ which Perfons be continually impanelled and re-<c turned in the faid Adlions, to the great Hindrance “ and Impoverifliment of the fame Perfons ‘ ( 3 ) Farther fremiti ‘ our faid Lord the King confidering the. Premifies,/t"'iJ'l3 h. 8.

‘ hath granted, ordained, and ftablilhed, by Autho-‘ rity aforefaid. That thofe Men which have Eftate,^, faints ‘ to their Ufe, and alfo they to whofe Ufe other Men	n	H. 7.	c.

‘ have Eftate, of Pee-ftmple, Fee-tail, or Free.-hold,	24- >9	1-

‘ in Lands and Tenements of the yearly Value of xx.	g	^	37“*

‘ li. of the Tenure of Gavelkind, fhall .be returned	‘	‘ s‘

‘ and impanelled in all fuch Attaints as be above re-.

‘ cited, which Attaints be not now depending, but ‘ may depend in Time to come, in the fame Manner ‘ and Form as any other Perfon may be returned and ‘ impanelled by Force of the faid Statute made the ‘ faid Fifteenth Year.’	j

CAP. III.

>

Butter and Cheefe may be tranfported without Licence.

ITEM come en leflatuit fait lan du Roy Richard le feconde xxje a la grevoufe compleint des Com- o B.

rnunes monftrantz coment leftaple fuift limite de repoifer a Caleys et qe toutz maners des lains pealx la-21 R- 2‘ 'c17* nutz hides plumbe eftain furmage bure Sc mell ifTantz hors du Roialme dEngleterre deveroient avoir recourfe 3 h. 6. e. 4. a la dit lieu de Caleys Sc a null lieu aillours certeins perfones par lour divers fuggeftions ount purchacez li- 14 H. 6. c. 3. cences avaunt ceft temps dehors carier lains Sc autres merchandifes avauntditz as queux parties dcpardela qe eux pluft del amifte du Roy as queux lour licences fe extenderoent faunz venir a dit lieu de Caleys a le graunde avauntage de les perfones iflint eiantz licences Sc graunde damage diceux qi null licence ount pur quoy le dit Roy par audtorite de fon parkment tenuz lan fuifdit ordeina Sc eftablilT: qe le dit eftatuit ferroit tenuz Sc obfervez quant a les graundes merchandifes defuifditz ceftaflavoir lains pealx lanutz eftain Sc . plumbe tantfolement faunz afcun licence deftre ent grauntiez fmon par ie Roy mefme. Par caufe de quel eftatuit enfy fait le Chauneeller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant fovent foitz ad luy eftraungiez de grauntier licences pur furmage Sc bure deftre eu a afcun autre lieu qe tantfolement a dit lieu de Caleys a graunde damage du commune people diceft Roialme Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant coment furmage Sc bure eft mer-chandife qe ne poet my bien eftre obfervez ne attendier fon merchaunt Sc voet prendre grande empeirement par les belles de vermin Sc vermes Sc auxi eft tendre Sc de fymple price qil ne poet bien porter les collages de leftaple ad ordeigne par laudlorite defuifdit qe le liege people du Roy poet ame.her Sc carier hors diceft Roialme a quy partie lour pleaft del amifte du Roy furmage & bure faunz afcun licence deftre purfewez en afcun manere paiant pur icell les cuftumes Sc fubfidiez ent dewez de temps en temps afcun eftatut fait a 3 h. 6. c. 4. contrarie nient obftant.	1	& 2 Ph. &M.

Punreu qe le Roy le poet reftraigner quant luy plerra.	c-	5-

CAP. IV.

No Merchant Alien (ball fell any Merchandifes in England to another Merchant Alien. Mayors, &c. of Cities and Towns to execute this Act. See Appendix.

CAP. V.

None appointed to be a Collector of a Fifteen in a City, fhall be alfo Colledtor in the fame

County, except he hath Lands, Cfr.

ITEM come devaunt cez heures al temps de chefcun xvmo Sc x1 * a Roy ou a fez progeni-tours grauntez colledlours de mefme le x'"“ deins les citees Sc burghs de fon Roialme eiantz cite-zeins ou burgeys de eux veignauntz al parkment ount fovent efte deputez Sc aflignes des gentz de-murantz dcins , mefmes les citees & burghs les queux Sc autres gentz demurantz en ycell ount ore tarde fovent foitz eftez faitz colleftours de les xvine Sc x”e a Roy grauntes fibien en les countes deins quell mefmes les citees Sc burghs fount come deins mefmes les citees Sc burghs a lour graunde perde Sc dammage Sc femblable deftre en apres ft remedie ent ne foit purveux mefme noftre Seignur

“ TTEM, Whereas heretofore at the Time of every “ • EEjinAme and Difme granted to the King, or to “ his Progenitors, the Colleddors of the fame Difmis “ within the-Cities and Boroughs of his Realm, having “ Citizens or Burgefies of them coming to the Parlia-“ ment, have often been deputed and afligned of Per-“ fons dwelling within the fame Cities and Boroughs, “ -which and other Perfons dwelling in the fame'have “ often now of late been made' Colledtors of the “ fame ^uinzitnes and Difmes granted to the King, as “ well in the Counties within which the fameCities and “ Boroughs be, as within the fame Cities and Bo-“ roughs, to their great Lofs and Damage, and likely 1 “ more to be hereafter, if Remedv be not provided j”

Ffffa	‘(2)

*	(2) the fame our Lord the King, willing againft ‘ fuch Lofs and Damage to provide a Remedy in 1 this Behalf, hath ordained by the Authority afore-‘ faid, That no Man dwelling within any City or ‘ Borough in the faid Realm, of which City or Bo-‘ rough it hath been tifed before this Time, and yet ‘ is, the Names of certain Men by the Perfons for ‘ the faid City or Borough coming to the Parliament 4 to be delivered in the King’s Chancery, to be Col-‘ left or s of Difmes in the fame City or Borough, and ‘ and whereupon the King hath fent his Letters Pa-‘ tents to the fame Perfons fo named and delivered ‘ in his Chancery, to be Collectors of the Difmes, or ‘ Parcel of the fame, within the faid City or Borough, e and the which Collectors have ufed and been bound 4 to accompt of their Receit in this Behalf immediately ‘ in the King’s Exchequer, fhall in any wife be de-

*	puted nor afligned to be Collector of any Ifuinzime, ‘ or any Parcel of the fame, granted or to be granted ‘ to the King or his Heirs within any County of this ‘ Realm, except that he may difpend in the County 4 out of the faid City or Borough, in Lands or Tene-‘ ments, to the Value of an Hundred Shillings by ‘ Year, over the Charges and Reprifes.’

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. le Roy voillant encountre tielx perde & damage purvoier de remedie en cell parte ordeigne par lauftorite defuifdit qe null home demurant deins afcun cite ou burgh deins le dit Roialme de la quell cite ou burgh il ad efte ufe devauntcez heures 6t unqore eft les nouns de certeins homes par les perfones pur la dit citee ou burgh veignauntz al parlement deftre deliverez en la Chauncerie du Roy deftre colleftours du xme en mefme le citee ou burgh & fur qe le Roy ad mys fez lettres patentz a mefrncs les perfones iHxnt nomes & deliveres en fa dit chauncerie deftre colleftours de la xmc ou parcell dicell deins la dit citee ou burgh et les queux colleftours ount accomptes & fount tenuz dacomptier de lour receit en cell partie immediat en lefchequer du Roy foit en afcun manere depute ne affigne deftre colleftour dafcun xvmc ou afcun parcell dicell au Roy ou fez heires grauntes ou a grauntiers dcins afcun countee diceft Roialine finon qil poet expendre en le countee hors du dit citee ou burgh es terres ou tenementz a la value dc C s. par an outre les charges & reprifez.

CAP. VI.

No Lands fhall be granted by Letters Patents, until the King’s Title be found by Inquifition.

s H. 6. c. 16.

i Leon. 114, 1S5.

<5oIdsb. 21* *•

S«mi 70.

36 Ed. 3. c. 13.

u

<c

cc

c<

CC

SC

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

~<c

cc

cc

cc

<<

<c

cc

cc

cc

<c

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

ITEM, Whereas in a Parliament holden at IVeft-minfler, the Morrow after St. Mattbeiv the Apo-ftle, the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Lord the King that now is, among other Things it was ordained, That no Lands or Tenements feifed into the King’s Hands upon Inquefts taken before the Efcheators or Commiflioners, fhall not be granted nor let in any wife to ferm by the Chancellor, or Treasurer of England, or any other the King’s Officer, until the fame Inquefts and Verdifts be fully returned into the Chancery, or into the Exchequer, (2) but all fuch Lands and Tenements fhall wholly and continually remain in the King’s Hands, until the faid Inquefts and Verdifts be returned, and by a Month after the fame Return j if it be not fo that he or they which feel themfelves grieved by the fame Inquefts, or put out of their Lands or Tenements, come into the Chancery, and offer themfelves to traverfe the faid Inquefts, and offer themfelves to take the fame Lands or Tenements to ferm; (3) and if they fo do, that then the fame Lands and Tenements fhall be committed to them, if they fhew good Evidences proving their Traverfe to be true, according to the Form of the Statute made the Six and thirtieth Year of Edward the Third, to hold until thelffue taken upon the fame Traverfe be found and difeuffed for the King, or for the Party, finding fufficient Surety to purfue the faid Traverfe with Effeft, and to yield and to pay to the King the yearly Value of the Lands or Tenements, whereof the Traverfe fhall be fo taken, if it be adjudged for the King; (4) and if any Letters Patents of any Lands or Tenements be made to any other Perfon to the contrary, or let to ferm within the faid Month of the Return, they fhall be void, and holden for none. (5) The which good Statute and Ordinance tiivers Perfons devifing to fubvert, and by their Sub-

IT E M come en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemayn de Seint Mathe lappoftel lan da reigne noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft viij'ne ordine foit entre autres qe nullez terres ne tenementz feifiez en mayns le Roy fur enqueftes prifes devaunt les efehetours ne commiflioners ne foient afeune-ment leffez ne grauntez a ferme par Chaunceller ou Treforer dEngleterre ou autre officer le Roy qeconqe tanqe mefmes les enqueftes & verditz foient retournez plainement en la Chauncerie ou en lefeheqer mes demurgent toutz tielx terres & tenementz entierment & continuelment en lez mayns le Roy tanqe les ditz enqueftes & verditz foient retournes & par un moys apres mefme le retourne ft iflint ne foit qe ceux ou celuy qi feme ou fentent eux grevez par mefmes les enqueftz ou ouftes de lour terres ou tenementz veignent en la Chauncery & foy proferont de traverfer les ditz enqueftes & foy offeront de prendre mefmes les terres & tenementz a ferme foient commys a eux fils monftrent bons evidences provauntz lour traverfe eftre verroiez folonc la fourme de leftatuit fait lan xxxvi!nc le Roy E. tierce a tener tanqe liffue fur mefme le traverfe pris foit trove & difeuffe pur le Roy ou pur le partie trovant fuffifaunt furete de fuer le dit traverfe ove effefte & de rendre & paier au Roy le annuell value des terres ou tenementz dount la traverfe enfy ferra pris fils foit difeuffe pur le Roy & fi afeuns lettres patents des afeuns terres 6u tenementz foient faitz a contrarie a afcun autre perfone ou leffe a ferme deinz le dit moys de retourne foient voidez & tenuz pur null. Le quel bon eftatuit & ordenaunce divers perfones ymagi-nantz a fubverter et par lour fubtilite de fervir

come

r

5^9

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. come de null purfuount daver tielx dones grauntes & fermes par lettres patentes du Roy devaunt afcun inquifition on title trove pur le Roy dicelx preten-dauntz tielx dones & grauntes nient eft re comprife ne remedies par le dit eftatuit nient obftant qil eft en owell mefchief de le dit eftatuit. Noftre Seignur le Roi conftderant les premiffes & voillant en ceo partie purvoier de remedie ad ordeigne par lauftorite dcfuii'dit qe nullez lettres patentes foient faitz a afcun perfone ou perfones dafcunes terres ou tenementz- devaunt inquis’ de title du Roy en yceux trove en fa Chauncerie ou en fon Efche-quyr retourne ft title du Roy en yceux ne foit trove de recorde ne deinz le moys apres mefme le retourne fil ne foit a celuy ou ceux qi tende ou tendent lour traverfez come dcfuis eft dit et fi afcuns lettres patentes foient faitz a contrarie foient voidcs &c tenuz pur null.

44 tility to ferve as for no Purpofe, have fued to obtain

44 fuch Gifts and Grants, and Ferms, by the King’s

44 Letters Patents, before any Inquifition or Title

44 found for the King of the fame, pretending fuch

44 Gifts and Grants not comprifed nor remedied by the

44 faid Statute, notwithftanding that it is in like Mif-

44 chief of the faid Statute.” ‘ (6) Our faid Lord the Ero. oftce, ;6,

4 King, confidering the Premiffes, and willing to pro- *'®rant: 9>-

‘ vide due Remedy in this Behalf, hath ordained, by 1 r' ' I‘i°'

‘ the Authority aforefaid, that no Letters Patents (hall ‘ be made to any Perfon or Perfons of any Lands or 4 Tenements, before Inquifition of the King’s Title in 4 the fame be found in the Chancery or in his Exche-4 quer returned, if the King’s Title in the fame be not 4 found of Record, nor within the Month after the 4 fame Return, if it be not to him or them which ten-4 der their Traverfes as afore is faid; (7) and if any , ^rc? *‘IO> c Letters Patents be made to the contrary, they Ihall Farther pi-cuidci 4 be void, and holden for none.’	for h 23 H. 6.

CAP. VII.

In what Time an Efcheator fhall return an Office Found before him.

ITEM ordeigne eft par laueftorite defuirdit qe en cas qe afcun efehetour preigne afcun off.ee devaunt luy & ne retourne mefme loffice en la Chauncerie ou lefehequyr du Roy deins le moys apres la prife dicell qil outre la peyne de xl. li. les queux il ad forfait par leftatut fait lan du reigne noftre dit Seignur le Roy oeptifme foit tenuz a paier a mefme noftre Seignur le Roy a taunt come il eft endamage a caufe de non retourne de tiel office. Et qe le Chaunceller dEngleterre appelle a luy le Treforer dEngleterre en leffant tieux fermes pur due execution faire de dit eftatut fait le dit an oeptifme.

4 TTEM it is ordained by the Authority aforefaid,

4 JL That in Cafe that any Efcheator take any Office 4 before him, and return not the fame . Office in the 4 Chancery, or in the King’s Exchequer, in the 4 Month after the taking of the fame, he fhall incur 4 the Pain of xl. li. which he hath forfeit by the Statute 4 made the Eighth Year of our faid Lord the King;

4 (2) and alfo he fhall be charged to pay to the fame 4 our Lord the King as much as he is indamaged in 4 RefpeA of not returning of fuch Office ; and that the 4 Chancellor of England call to him the Treafurer of 4 England in letting fuch Ferms, to make due Execu-4 tion of the faid Statute made the faid Eighth Year.’ g h. 6. c. 16.

CAP. VIII.

S. c. 8. And	3	Ed.	Enforced	by	1	H.

J	6,	c.	S.	f,c.	3.

What Things be requifite to make the King’s Safe Conduft good.

ITEM come plufours gentz des communes fuif-ditz poffdlours de niefs & veffeaux du Roialme noftre fovereigne Seignur les maiftres & mariners de tielx niefs & veffeaux parnours des niefs & veffeaux de Spayne & dautres parties adverfarics & enemeys au dit noftre foveraigne Seignur par le fuyte des merchauntz aliens del amitc du noftre Roy fait devaunt le Roy & fon counfail] & afcun foitz devaunt le Chaunceller dEngleterre ount efte graundement vexez & font de jour en autre de ceo qe les ditz parnours prifteront lour biens & merchaundifes chargez en mefmes les niefs & veffeaux de Spayne & autres parties enemyes fuif-ditz & afcun foitz par faux tefmoignes marques & lettres teftimonialx contrevez fount reftorez as ditz biens & merchaundifes ove lour damages & expenfes a graunde & grevoufe damage des ditz poffeffours maiftres & mariners parnours fuifditz difeorage as lieges noftre dit Seignur le Roy a faire niefs & veffeaulx et en amenufement du navie | du Roialme fuifdit noftre dit Seignur le Roy con-fiderant la matier fuifdit & coment les biens & merchaundifes des lieges du Roy en femble cas chargez & prifez fount forfaitz au Roy ad or-

44 TTEM, Whereas many People of the Commons 44 X aforefaid, Owners of Ships and Veffels of this 44 Realm, and the Mailers and Mariners of fuch Ships, 44 taking Ships and Veffels of Spain, and of other Par-44 ties, Adverfaries and Enemies to our faid Lord the 44 King, by the Suit of Merchants Aliens of the King’s 44 Amity, made before the King and his Council, and 44 fometime before the Chancellor of England', have been 44 greatly vexed, and be daily, for that the faid Takers 44 do take their Goods and Merchandifes charged in 44 the faid Ships and Veffels of Spain and other Parts, 44 Enemies aforefaid, and fometime by falfe Witnefs, 44 Marks, and Letters Teftimonials contrived, the faid 44 Aliens be reftored to the faid Goods and Merchan-44 difes with their Damages and Expences, to the great 44 and grievous Lofs of the faid Owners, Mailers, and 44 Mariners, Takers aforefaid, and Difcouragement to 44 the King’s liege People to make fuch Ships and Vef-44 fels, and in Hindrance of the Navy of the Realm 44 aforefaid;” 4 (2) our faid Lord the King confider-4 ing the Matter aforefaid, and how the Goods and 4 Merchandifes of the King’s liege People in like cafe 4 charged and taken be forfeit to the King, hath or-4 dained and granted by the Authority aforefaid, That

4 the

4 the faid Merchants Aliens, at their Pleafure, may ‘ charge fuch Ships and Veffels of Spain, and of other 4 Parts, Adverfaries and Enemies of the King, if the 4 Mailers, Owners, or Merchants of fuch VelieEand 4 Ships having Letters Patents of the King, of his ‘ Safe Conduct, Surety, or Safeguard for fuch Ships 4 or Veffels, and Merchandifes, making Mention of 4 the Name of the Ships or Veffels, and of the Name 4 of the Mailer of the Ships and V effels , as the Man-4 ner is ; (3) and if any fuch Ships or Veffels, charged ‘ with any Merchandifes of fuch Merchants aforefald, 4 be taken upon the Sea by the King’s liege People, ‘ not having the King’s Letters Patents, as afore is 4 faid, within the Board of fuch Ships or Veflels, at 4 the Day of the taking, nor that fuch Letters Patents, * at the Day of the taking, be in the King's Chan-4 eery enrolled of Record, that then the "Lakers and ‘ Pollcffors of the Goods and Merchandifes, fo taken, 4 may enjoy and hold the fame, any Statute or Ordi-4 nance made to the contrary nocwithllanding ; (4)

4 and that this Statute and Ordinance fltall begin to ‘ take his Force at the Feaft of St. Michael next 4 coming ; and that Proclamation be thereof made

,5 H. 6. c. 3. t upon the Sea-Coafls incontinently after this Or-‘ dinance, to the Intent that the faid Merchants Aliens

h.	c.4. Cwjimcd*' may have Knowledge of the lame Ordinance.’

by 14 EU. 4. c.4.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. deignez & grauntez par laucftorite defuifdit qe les dit merehauntz aliens a lour volunte purront charger tieulx niefs & veffealx de Spaync & dau-tres parties adverfaries & enemyes du Roy fi les maillres pofleffours ou merehauntz de tielz veffealx & niefs eient les lettres patentes du Roy de fon- faufeonduit fuerte ou faufgarde pur tielx niefs veffeaulx & merehaundife faifant mention du noun de niefs ou veffeaulx A de noun de mellre dieelles niefs & veffalx fi come le manere ell fi afeuns tielx niefs 011 veffeaulx ehargez ove afeunes mer-chaundifes de tielx merehauntz avauntditz foient prifez fur meer par lieges du Roy non eiant les lettres patentz du Roy come avaunt ell dit dedeins le bord de tielx niefs ou veffeaulx a jour de la prife ne qe tielx lettres patentz le jour de la prife foient en la Chauncellarie du Roy enrollez de re-corde qe adonqes les parnours poileffours les biens & merchandifes enfy prifez pourront enjoyer & tenir afeun eftatuit ou ordenaunce fait en la con-trarie non obftant. Et qe eeft eftatuit & ordei-naunee foit commence a tenir fa force a la feft de Seint Michell prochein veignaunt et qe proclamation ent foit fait fur les coftes de le meer toft apres ceft ordeinaunce al entent qe les ditz mer-. chauntz aliens pourrount avoir conifaunce de mefme lordenaunce.

C A P. IX.

The Warrant of Attorney fiiall be recorded in the fame Term that the Exigent is awarded.

10 H. 6. c. 4.

A falfe Entry, thftt the Plaintiff in a Suit doth offer himfelf in proper Perfon, where he doth not.

at Ed. 3. f. 1.

Z H. 4. y

44 ITEM, Whereas in a Statute expired, made the 44 JL Tenth Year of the Reign of our Lord the King 44 that now is, it was contained. That feeing divers of “ the King’s liege People before that Time had been 41 outlawed, vexed, and greatly difquieted in divers 44 Suits, as well before the King himfelf in his Bench, 44 as in the Common Bench, in the Records of which 44 Suits the Entries have been made, that the Plain-“ tiffs in the fame Suits Obtulerunt fc in propria 44 perfona fua, where the fame Plaintiffs in the fame 44 Suits did not appear to fuch Suits, nor had any 44 Knowledge of the fame, to the great Mifchief 44 of the faid liege People, if Remedy ihould not be “ provided : (2) Our Lord the King, willing in this 44 Cafe to provide a Remedy, did ordain, by Autho-44 rity of the fame Parliament holden the fame Year, 44 That no Fylifer, Exigenter, nor any other Officer, “ from the fame Time fhould make any fuch Entry 44 in any fuch Suit, except that the fame Plaintiff in-“ the fame Suit, before any fuch Entry fhall be made, “ do appear in his proper Perfon before fome of the ££ Juftices of the Place where the Plea was or fhall be 44 hanging ; (3) ard there fhall be fwom upon a Book, 44 that he was the fame Perfon in whofe Name the ££ faid Suit was fued, or that fome other credible Per-44 fon of his Council fhall make fuch Oath for him. 44 (4) And that this Ordinance fhall endure until the. 44 next Parliament following.” 4 (5) Our faid Lord £ the King confidering moreover like Damages, which 4 happen as well to him, as to his poor liege People 4 and Subjects, for that in the Records of divers and 4 many Outlawries, the Entry is, that the Parties do 4 appear by their Attornies, where the Attornies have * no Warrant of Record, by rcafon whereof the faid 5

ITEM come en un eftatuit determine fet lan du reigne noftre Seignur -le Roy qoreft xme fuift contenuz coment pur ceo qe divers lieges le Roy avaunt cez heures ount elte utlages vexez & .graundement diil’eifez en diverz fuytes fibien de-vaunt le Roy mefme en fon bank come en le commune 'Bank en les recordes les queux fuytis les entres ount efte faitz qe le .pleintifs en mefme le fuy.es optulerunt fe in propria perfona La lou mefme les pleintifs en mefme les fuytes nappare-runt as tielx fuytes ne eonufaunce avoiem de cell" au graund mifchief des ditz lieges ft remedie ne ferroit purveu en cell partie. Noftre Seignour le Roy voillant en ceo cas purvoier de remedie ordeigna par audiorite du parlement tenuz mefme-lan qe null philieer exigenter ne autre officer depths mefme le temps ferroit tiel entre en afeun fuyte finon qe le pleintif en mefme le fuyte avaunt qe afeun tiel entre ferroit fait apparage en le propre perfone devaunt afeun des juftices tie lieu lou le plee fuift ou ferroit pendant & illoeqes ferroit jure fur un livre qil fuift mefme la perfone en qe noun le dit fuyte fuift fuye ou qe autre creable perfone. de fone counfaill ferroit tiel ferment pur luy. Et qe le dit ordeinaunce dureroit tanqe al prochein parlement apres ceo. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy conflderant outre ceo femblable damagez le quel avient fibien a luy come a fez povre lieges & fub-jedlz pur eeo qe en les recordes des divers &i plu-fours utlagaries lentre eft qe les parties apparent par lour attourncys lou les attourneys nount gar-raunt de recorde a caufe de quel les ditz utlaga-riez fount rcverfable & pur le greindre partie rever-fez ad ordeigne par audlorite diccft parlement qe le

dit

1439*

Ex Rot. in Tarr. Loud, dit eftatuit foit afferme tenuz & garde a durcr a toutz jours. Et qe null officer contenuz en le dit eftatut face le contrarie dicell fur peyne de torfere xl. s. a Roy chefcun foltz qe il eft de ceo atteint par due examination feet par afcun des Juftices de inefme le place devaunt qe afcun entre ou recorde eft. Et qe chefcun attorney qe nad foil garraunt entre de recorde en toutz fez fuytz en les queux proc’ de Capias & exigent eft agardable mefme le terme en le quel lexigent eft agarde ou devaunt & fur ceo atteint par fembable examination pur chefcun foitz qe il iffint off'endc encourge la peyne avauntdit.

C A

C.

10,1 z.

S91

‘ Outlawries be reverftble, and for the mod Part re-£ verfed, hath ordained, by Authority of this Par-‘ liament, That the faid Statute be affirmed, holden,The Statute of £ and kept to endure for ever. (6) And that no Of- 10 H- 6■ c,4-‘ ficer contained in the laid Statute (hall do to the con-rct'"rfed a”d ,

‘ trary of the fame, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Forty1"'1 e l>Lrpe ua ’ ‘ Shillings to the King, every Time that he of that ‘ fhall be attainted by due Examination made by any ‘ of the Juftices of the fame Place, before whom any £ Entry or Record is. (6) And that every Attorney Th? Penalty if ‘ which hath not his Warrant entered of Record ina> Attorney £ all his Suits wherein Procefs of Capias and Exigent*™0'6* no' hl5 £ be awardable, the fame Term in which the_Exigentla^Term'hc e is awarded, or before, and upon that be attainted byExigtnt\%

‘ like Examination, for every Time that he fo offend^-awardsd.

£ cth he fhall incur the P.un aforefaid.5	Farther	prmi.Ui

for by 32.H. S. c. 30. z Sc 3 Ed. 6. c. 32. 18 El. c. 14..

P. X.

Commiffions of Sewers fhall be awarded where Need fhall require, during Ten Years.

ITEM come al parlement tenuz a Weftm’ a la quinfzifme de Seint Michel lan du mgne noftre Seignur le exp.

Roy fifme pur les graundes damagez & perdes queux aviendrent par les graundes cretens del ewe dus Htn-c'S> miere en diverfez parties de ceft Roialme par auclorite de mefme le parlement fuift ordeigne & graunte qe par dys ans oonqes prochein enfuantz feveralx commiffions des fewers ferroient faitz as diverfez perfones par le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant a nomers en toutz les partiez du dir Roialme qe meftier fer-roit folonc la fourme qenfuit en mefme leftatut & ore tarde en diverfez parties del dit Roialme par les graundes cretens del ewe du mier plufours villes & terres en graunde quantite fount furroundes Ss diftroies a trefgraunde anientifment du dit Roialme & plufours greindres damages fount verifemblement avenirs fi re-medie ne foit haftement purveu en cell partie. Le Roy \oillunt purvoier de remedie en ceft partie ad ordeigne & eftablie par anchorite diced prefent parlement qe par dys ans procheins enfuantz apres ceft prelent parlement feveralx commiffions des fewers foi.nt faitz as divers perfones par le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant a nomers en toutz les parties du dit Roialme qe meftier ferra folonc la fourme & lefredh dune commiffion contenuz en le dit eftatuit mefme lan fifme & outre ceo ad ordeigne & eftablie par mefme laucto-rite qe toutz tielx commiffioners eient poier pur faire ordeigner & executer. eftatutes. ordinaunces os autres affairs folonc leffeift St.purporte des ditz commiffions.

CAP. XI.

Of what yearly Value in Lands a Juftice of Peace ought to be.

ITEM come par les ftatutz faitz en temps du nobles progenitours du Roy ordeigne foit qe en chefcun counte dEngleterre foient affignez juf-ticez de la pluis vaillaunt du mefmes les countees pur garder la peas & autres chofes affaire come en mefmes leftatutz pleinement eft contenuz les queux eftatutz nient obftantz en plufours countees dEngleterre ore tarde ount efte deputez Sc affignez pluis graunde noumbre qe ne foleit avaunt cez heures dount afeuns fount de petit avoir par queux les gentz ne voillent eftre governez ne demefnez &■ afeuns pur lour neceliite fount graunde extortion & oppreffion fur le people dount graundez inconvenientz fount femblablez de furdier de jour en autre ft remedie ent par le Roy ne foit pur-veux. Le Roi voillant encontre tielx inconvenientz purvoier de remedie ordeigne & eftablie parlaudtorite defuifdit qe null juftice du peas deins le Roialme dEngleterre en null counte foit affigne ou depute fil neit terrez & tenementz a la value de xx. li. par an et ft afcun foit ordeigne en apres juftice du peas en afcun countee qi nad terrez & tenementz a la value fuifdit qe il de ceo notifie le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant

“ TTEM, Whereas by Statutes made in the Time J Ed. flat. z. “ 1 of the King’s noble Progenitors, it was ordain-0, *6-	3-

“ ed, That in every County of England Juftices2' c ,1 J; “ Ihould be affigned of the mod worthy of the fames.z. c. iofj. r. “ Counties, to keep the Peace, and to do otherz. flat. 1. c. 7. “ Things, as in the fame Statutes fully is contained j2 !f- 5■ t. “ which Statutes notwithfranding, now of late in1'4"

“ many Counties of England, the greateft Number “ have been deputed and affigned, which before this “ were not wont to be, whereof fome be of fmall “ Behaviour3, by whom the People will not be go-a Subftanct.

“ verned nor ruled, and fome for their Neceffity do “ great Extortion and Oppreffion upon the People,

“ whereof great Inconveniencies be likely to rife daily “ if the King thereof do not provide Remedy ‘ (2)

0	The King willing againft fuch Inconveniencies toa Roll 247.

‘ provide Remedy, hath ordained and eftablifhed, by

‘ Authority aforefaid, That no Juftice of Peace within ‘ the Realm of England, in any County, fhall be ‘ affigned or deputed, if he have not Lands or Tene-

1	ments to the Value of xx. li. by Year; (3) and ifCro. Jac. 643.

4 any be ordained hereafter to be Juftice of Peace in

£ any County, which ’hath not Lands or Tenements £ to the Value aforefaid, that he thereof (hall give £ Knowledge to the Chancellor of England for the

* time

592

C. 12

I Shower 399.

Certain Perfons excepted, to whom this Statute doth not extend.

See farther for the Qualifications and Duty of Juf-tices of the Peace 1 Ed. 4. c. 2. 1 I. c. zi. fee. io. 26 Geo, 2. c. 14

9 H. 5. fiat, x.

c, z.

A Writ of C011-fpiracy maintainable againft the Indiclors, Procurators, and Confpira-fors.

Kegift. 734. Raft. pi. 123.

A Confirmation of the Stat. of 7 H. 5. c. j. & c H. 5. c. 1. touching Appeal: or Indictments of Felony or Tttdfon.

Anno decimo c&avo

‘ time being, which {hall put another fufficient in ‘ his Place ; (4) and if he give not the faid Know-‘ ledge (as before) within a Month after that he hath ‘ Notice of fuch Commiffion, or if he fit, or make any ‘ Warrant or Precept by Force of fuch Commiffion,

‘ he fhall incur the Penalty of xx. li. and never-‘ thelefs be put out of the Commiffion as before, (5)

‘ and the King {hall have one Half of the faid Penalty,

‘ and he that will fue for the King, the other Halt;

‘ and he that will fue for the King, and for himfelf,

‘ {hall have an Adlion to demand the fame Penalty by ‘ Writ of Debt at the Common Law.

‘ II. Provided always, That this Ordinance fhall 1 not extend to Cities, Towns, or Boroughs, which ‘ be Counties incorporate of themfelves, nor to Cities,

‘ Towns, or Boroughs which have Juftices of Peace ‘ of Perfons dwelling in the fame by Commiffion or * Warrant of the King, or of his Progenitors. (2)

‘ Provided alfo. That if there be not fufficient Perfons 4 having Lands and Tenements to the Value aforefaid,

‘ learned in the Law, and of good Governance, with-‘ in any fuch County, that the Chancellor of England ‘ for the time being fhall have Power to put other ‘ Difcreet Perfons, learned in the Law, in fuch Com-‘ millions, though they have not Lands or Tene-‘ ments to the Value aforefaid, by his Difcretion.’

R. 3. e. 3.	3 H. 7. e. 1. I M. fiat. z. e. S. I £f 2 P. & M. c. 13.

9 Geo. 1. c. 7.	5	Geo.	2.	e.	18	19.	15	Geo. 2. c. 24.	16 Geo, 2. ,

& 27. 27 Geo. 2. c, 16 & 2p. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP.

H ENRICI VI. A. D. 1439.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. le quel mette un aultre fuffifaunt en fon lieux et ill ne face le dit notification come devaunt deins un moys apres ceo qe il ad notice du tiel commiffion ou fil feye ou face afeun garaunt ou precept par force du tiel commiffion qe il en-courge la peyne de xx. li. St nientmeins foit oufte del commiffion come devaunt St eit le Roy lun moite du dit peyne St celuy qi voet fuer pur le Roy lautre moite St eit celuy qi enfy veult purfuer pur le Roy St pur luy mefines aftion a demander mefme la peyne par brief du dette al commune ley.

Purveu toutz foitz qe cell ordenaunce ne fe extende as citees villes ou burghs queux fount countees incorporates de eux mefmes ne as citees villes ou burghs qe ount juftices de peas des gentz demurantz en icell par commiffion ou graunte du Roy ou de fez progenitours. Purveu toutz foitz qe fils ne foient gentz fuffifauntz eiantz terres St tenementz a la * value fuifdit apris en la ley St de bon governance deins afeun tiel counte qe le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant eit poair de mettre autres diferetz apris en la ley en tielx cornmiffions mefqe ils ne eient terres & tenementz a la value fuifdit par fa difcretion.

2 IS 3 P. & M. c. to. 7 Jac. I. c. 3. ?i Jae. I. e. 12. 6 Get. . iS, 18 Get. 2. e. zo. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 2+ Get. 2. c. 44 S? 55.

XII.

cc

cc

cc

a

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

Appeals or Indictments of Felony committed in a Place where there is none fuch. |TEM, Whereas in the Parliament holden a f |TEM come al parlement tenuz a Weftm’al

JL Wejhninjler the Second Day of May, the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, Father to the King that now is, amongft other Things it was ordained and eftabllfhed, for that many People by Malice, Envy, and Revenge, caufe often the King's liege People to be appealed or indicted in divers Counties of Treafons or of Felonies, fuppofino; by the faid Appeals or Indictments, that the faid 'I reafons or Felonies were done in a certain Place in fuch a County where the Indictment is made, or fuch a Place as is or fhall be declared by the faid Appeals, where no fuch Place is in the fame County, that the Procefs of the fame fhall be void, and holden for none; (2) and that the IndiCtors, Procurators, and Confpirators, fhall be alfo punifhed by Imprifonment and Fine, and Ranfom for the King’s Advantage, by the Difcretion of the Juftices ; (3) and that the faid Appellees or IndiCtecs may have Writs of Confpiracy againft their IndiCtors, Procurators, and Confpirators, and fhall recover their Damages. (4) And this Ordinance {hall {land in his Force until the next Pailiament to be holden after the coming again of the faid late King into England, from beyond the Sea; (5) which Statute by the Deceafe of the faid late King, by Opinion of feme is expired, and by the Opinion of fome not expired.” ‘ (6) The fame our Lord the King that now is, confidering that the faid Ordinance v/as good and profitable for the Weal of him and his liege People, hath declared and ordained by Authority of this prefent Parliament, That the faid Ordinance made in the faid Ninth Year, and

feconde jour de May lan du regne du Roy Henry quint pier au Roy qoreft ixme entre autres ordeigne fuift St eftablie pur ceo qe plufours gentz par malice enmite St vengeance facent fovent foytz des foialx lieges du Roy eftre appellez ou enditees en divers countees des trefons ou des felonies fuppofantz par les ditz appelles ou en-ditementz qe les ditz trefons Sc felonies furent faitz en un certein lieu en tiel countee ou lenditement eft fait ou tie! lieu come eft ou ferra declare par les ditz appelles lou null tiel lieu eft en mefme le countee qe Le proceffe dicell foient voidez & tenuz pur null et qe les enditours procuratours St confpiratours foient auxint puniz par im-prifonement fyn St ranfeon pur avantage du Roy par difcretion des juftices et qe les ditz appellez ou enditees purront aver briefs de confpiracie vers lour enditours procuratours Sc confpiratours St recoverer lour damages. Ft qeceft ordenaunce eftoife en fa force tanqe a prochein parlement a tenier pluis la revenue le dit nadgairs Roy en Engleterre de pardela le quel eftatuit par le trefpaftement du dit nadgairs Roy par oppinion des afeuns eft expire & par oppinion de afeuns nient expire. Mefme noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft confiderant qe la dit ordenaunce fuift- bon li profitable pur le bicn de luy Sc fez lieges ad declare Sc ordeigne par audlorite diceft prefent parlement qe-la dit ordenaunce fait le dit an ixmc

Sc enfy par la mort de fon dit pier come afeuns

entendent

* The Word Value feems to be wanting here, but is not on the Roll.

A. D. 1439. Anno decimo o&avo Henrici VI, C. 13—13.

Ex Rot. hi Turr. Lond. entendent expire ft nient autrement repelle foit ft demurge eft'edhiell & availlable cftatuit & ordenaunce en ley perpetuelment a durer.

‘ fo by the Death of his faid Father, as fome think, ‘ expired, and not otherwife repealed, (hall be and ‘ abide ah effe&ual and available Statute and Ordi-‘ nance in Law perpetually to endure.'

593

CAP. XIII.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 9 Hen. 5. c. 2. concerning Forfeitures on Outlawries in the

County of Lancafter.

ITEM come al parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le feconde jour de May lan du regne le Roy Henry quint pier exp.

au Roy qoreft ix"c entre autres ordeigne fuilb ft eftablie qe null dcs lieges le Roy vers queux exigent 9 ^ 5- c- *• ferra agarde cu utlages al fuyte le Roy cn temps avenir ou al fuyte du partie en le eountee de Lancaftre for- ” H 6' *' I face afeuns de fez biens on chateux terres on tenementz en autres countees forfprifes les biens ft chateux terres J ou tenementz queux les ditz utlages ount cn mcfine le eountee du Lancaftre. rurveux toutz foitz qe leftatuit fait lan primere le Roy Henry quart pier a mefme cefty Roy Henry quint encountre les gentz del eountee de Ceftre qi fount as divers lieges du Roy en divers countees dEngleterre divers homicides murdres roberies bateriez trefpalTez ft autres riotes & malefaitz eftoiie en fa force non obftant mefme le ordenaur.ee et qe le dit ordenaunce eftoife en fa force tanqe al parlement primerement a tener puis la revenue le dit nadgairs Roy Henry quint en Engleterre de pardela le quel eftatuit par le trefpaflement du dit nadgairs Roy Henry quint par oppinion dalcunz eft expire & par oppinion dafeunz nient expire. Noftre dit ore Seignur le Roy eonfiderant les premifles ad declare hi ordine par audtorite diced prefent parlement qe la dit ordenaunce en le manere & forme le dit an ix™' fait & enfy par la mort du dit nadgairs Roy Henry quint come afeuns entendent expire & nient autmnent repelle foit ft demurge effeftuel & availlable eftatuit ft ordenaunce en ley a durer tanqe a prochein parlement & delors imperpetuitc ft iffint foit qe parentre cy & mefme le prochein parlement null tiel inconvenience aveigne en ceft partie pur la quel il femblera au Roy Sc a les Seignur's du parlement a icell temps qe il ne foit expedient ceft ordenaunce a endurer pluis longe temps apres mefme le prochein parlement.

CAP. XIV.

The Penalty for taking Bribe in the arraying of a Jury.

ITEM come les graundes perjuries de jour en autre haboundent deinz le Roialme dEngleterre pluis qe EXP.

ne foloient en temps pafle a caufe des favourables arraiez ft panelx fait par vifeountz luthvifcountz hi sj-utres qi ount poer affaire ou arraier tielx arraiez ou panelx p,ur graundes dons & regardes qils preigneunt pur ycelles parount divers des lieges du Roy fount difheritez & anientifez & autres mys a graunde perde de lour biens & chateux & afeuns a graunde peril de lour vies encountre droit bon foye It confcience. Le Roy confiderent les premifles Sc auxi voillant ouftier tielx perjuriez ad ordeigne ft graunte par auftorite defuifdit qe li afeun vifcoiint futhvifeount ou afeun autre qi ad poer affaire & arraier tielx arraiez hi panelx preigne par luy ou par afeun autre a fon oeps afeun lower don ou regarde pur faire ou arraier tielx arraiez & panelx qe celluy qi foy fent greve en cell partie eit fa fuyte par brief ou par bill vers le vifeount fouthvifeount ou autres qi ferront tielx arraiez ou panelx devaunt les Juitices ou les ditz arraiez & panelx ferront retournes de recoverer dys foitz a taunt qils refeeiveront pur tielx arraiez ou panelx affaire. Et eientles ditz Juftices poer par audforite fuifdit doier Si terminer tielx fuytz fibien par examination des defendauntz en ycell fuytzcome par triel denquertes entapprendre & de doner juggement pur le les ditz pleintifs envers les ditz defendauntz &c chefcun de eux qi enfy ferront trovez coupablez & de ceo agarder execution et en chefcun tiel fuyt par brief foit agarde tiel proceffe come ferra agarde en brief de trefpas fait encountre le peas du Roy. Purycu qe chefcun fuyt qe ferra pris envers vifeountz futhvilcountz ou autres qi ferroient ou arraieront tielx arraiez ou panelx foit pris en mefmes les countees ou ils ferront vifeountz futhvifeountz ou officers a temps de tielx panelx ou arraiez affairs ou arraierz et qe ceft ordenaunce comence a tenir lieu al feft de Pafqe prochein avenir Sc durera tanqe a prochein parlement & ft a prochein femblera au Roy Sc a les Seignurs qi adonqes ferront en icell parlement ceft ordenaunce deftre bone ordenaunce pur le bicn du Roy ft de fon Roialme adonqes icell ordenaunce endurera perpetuelment favaiit tout temps a chefcun perfone fez liberte & fraunchife.

C A P. XV.

k fhall be Felony to carry Wool] or Woollfels to any other Place than to Calais, faying fuch which pals the Streights of Mar-rock. See Appendix.

Vol. I.

Ggss

CAP,

594 C. 16, 17

Anno decimo o£tavo Henrici VI.

A. D. 1439

CAP. XVI.

There fhall be but one Meafure of Cloth through the Realm by the Yard and the Inch, and not by the Yard and the Handful, according to the London Meafure.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

gXP. |TEM come 41 foit meritorie & almoign? a departier la veritee de la difceit fi come jatarde en un parle-Jj_ ment tenuz a Weftm’ la fuift oufte un rayme de difceit qe trefgraundement endamagea plufours homines' le quel fuift appelle un fhafte autrement appelle un pondre autrement appelle un hauncer le quel greve plu-lours foialx honimes et come ore foit a confiderer qe graundes difeeites l'oient ore ufez les queux endamaeent lez poverez faifours des draps & les vendours des draps en mefurant de nient raifonable mefure fibien del laet drap & ftreite taunt par les mayns des marchauntz aliens come deinzeins fibien en feire market citee & burgh ct e'pecialment en la Citee de Loundres h es autres lieux lou faifours del drap & vendours del drap pluis communement foient ufez & covient en temps avenir eftre repairantz qare lou ils foloient mefurer le drap par la alne & le pous ore ils voillent mefurer par lalne & la pleyne mayn le quel accrefce al encrece del achatour deux alnes du chefcun drap de xxiiij. alnes la quell encrece tourne a null home de quel degre qil foit al availe finon tantfolement a le dit achatour qar quant une Seignur achatera fon livere il le trovera en la mefure ou en la price et iftint fount ils oppreflez ove graund irraifonable mefurage de lour draps qar lou afeun march unt de ceft terre forfpris a Loundres voet faire un drap en mefurant xxiiij. alnes ils voillent faire ent xxij. ou meins difant qil eft la mefure de Loundres par la quel oppreftion plufours homes grevoufment fount endamages. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant les premiffes ordeignera par lauftorite defuifdit en chefcurL lieu de ceft terre deftre une certein mefure la ou eft gardeyn del alnage de drap qil eit une corde fait de foy ou de file del droit mefure en manere del ftreite tyfiewe enfeale as ambideux fines folonc Iadvys de les Barons del Efcheqer et chefcun gardeyn de lalnage paie pur fa corde la quel corde foit conteignant en longeure xij„ alnes & xij. pous & la dit corde figne a chefcun alne une pouset a la fine de la dimi alne une dimi pous le quarter de une alne une quarter de une pous pur mefurer une entier drap ou une dofein laet ou ftreite njefurant pur la dufein de drap ewe xij. alnes &xij. pous de drap fee nient ewe xiiij. alnes &. xiiij. pous iftint mefurant la longeure jefqes al fine de la drap folonc ceo qil de longeure en la manere come eft defuis, reherce quant le dit gardeyn de la alnage eft requiz preignant pur fon labour pur chefcun entier drap de laet drap i.d. et pur chefcun dufein laet drap ob’ et pur chefcun entier drap de ftreite ob’ et pur chefcun dufeia de ftreite drap quadr’ et en la Citee de Loundres & autres citees burghs feires & merches lou drap eft pluis ufe deftre venduz qe illeofqes loit le gardein de la alnage ou fon depute preft de faire droit parentre mar-chaunt & marchaunt fil foit requiz purveu qe fi le marchaunt vepidour eit une corde enfeale de le feal roial del Efcheqer en la manere defuis reherce preft adonqes luy mefmes a mefurer fon drap par icell en manere raifonable fils ne poent accorder de mefurer par la alne afehun franchife nient obftant entier drap ou une dufein laet ou ftraite & fi le marchaunt vendour mefure nient droitment & fraudelefment & ceo immediat poet eftre proevez par indiffbrentz perfones adonqes il forface pur chefcun drap vi. s. viij d. ij. parties au Roy & la tierce partie a celuy qi voet fuer & fi afeun marchaunt achatour voet refufier ceft ordenaunce adonqes il forface C. s. ij. parti:s au Roy la tierce partie a celuy qi voet fuer pur icell ik iftint foit une manere del droit mefure ufe en tout ceft terre fibien come droit pois et qe ceft ordenaunce endurera tanqe al procheirt parlement..

CAP. XVII.

Vefiels of Wine, Oyl, and Honey, fhall be gauged.

Confirmed by 2S H. 8. c. 14. f. 5. 2 Leonard jo> pi. 5a.

• Aid ar.i Hvncy

“ ITEM, Becaufe all the Tuns, Pipes, Tertians “ X and Hogfheads of Wine, Oyl, and Honey, ven-“ dible within the Realm of England, ought and were “ wont according to the antient Aftife of the fame “ Realm, to contain a certain Meafure, that is to fayy “ Every Tun Twelve-fcore and Twelve Gallons, every “ Pipe Six-fcoreand Six Gallons, every Tertian Four-“ Lore and Four Gallons, and every Hogfhead Three-“ fcore and Three Gallons ; (2) and by divers Statutes “ it hath been ordained, That the Tuns and Pipes of “ Wine fhall be gauged ; (3) but for the Gauging of “ d uns, and Pipes of Oyl and Honey, or of Tertians “ and Hogfheads of Wine, no Ordinance hath been “ made in certain before this Time, to the great Da-“ mage of the King and of his People.” ‘ (4) The ‘ King willing againft this Damage to provide a Re-‘ medy in this Behalf, hath granted and ordained by ‘-Authority aforefaid, That from henceforth all Man-* ner of Tuns, Pipes, Tertians, and Hogfheads, as well' ‘ of Wine as of Oyl *, to be fold within the Realm,

ITEM pur ceo qe toutz.les tonels pfpes tertians & hoggefhedes de vin. oyle & mele vendibles deins le Roialme dEngleterre doient & foloient folonc launcien aftife de mefme le Roialme contei-ner un certein mefure ceftaflavoir chefcun tonell xij galons chefcun pipe TT vi- galons chefcun tertiane “j. iiij. galons chefcun hoggefhed Tj.iij. galons & par-divers eftatuitz foit ordeigne qe les tonels & pipes de vin foient gaugez mais pur le gauger de tonels & pipes de oyle & mele ne de tertians & hoggefhedes de vin null ordenaunce de certein eftoit fait devant cez heures au graunde damage duRoy & du fon people. Le Roy voillant encountre ceft damage purvoier de remedie en ceft partie ad graunte & ordeigne par aueforite defuifdit qe defore ena-vaunt toutz maners tonels pipes tertians-& hoggefhedes tant de vin come de oyle & mele a vendre deins le dit Roialme foient bien & loialmcnt gaugez

par.

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond. par le gaugeour du Roy oil par fon deputee devaunt qe ils foient vcnduz fur peyne de forfaire au Roy tout le vin oyle & mcle en contrarie venduz ou la value dicell. Et en cas qe afcun perfone de quclqe paiis qil foit defore enavaunt vende a afcun liege du Roy pur afcun price en certein afcun tonell pipe tertian ou hoggefhcd de vin oyle ou melc qe defaille afcunement del affife & mefure avauntdit qil alovvc & rebate de mefme la price a lachatour de tiel vin oyle Sc mele a taunt come tiel default par la rate amontcra fur peyne de forfaire au Roy le value de tout le vin oyle & mcle au contrarie venduz afcun prive covenant fait ou affaire entre le vendour Sc lachatour au contrarie de ccft orde-naunce non obftant. Et eit chefcun qi efpie afcun des forfaitures avauntditz Sc cnt enforme le Trefo-rer dEngleterre ou les Barons del Efcheqer lc moite de mefmez les forfaitures pur fon travaill.

Purveux toutz foitz qe le dit gaugeour preignc Sc eit pur fon labour cntour le gaugeour de chefcun tonell & pipe de oyle Sc mcle ficome il prent Sc ad de chefcun tonell Sc pipe de vin & pur chefcun tertiane Sc hoggefhed folonc laffcrant.

fhall be well and lawfully gauged by the King’s Gauger, or by his Deputy, before they be fold, upon Pain to forfeit to the King all the Wine, Oyl, and Honey, contrary fold, or the Value of the fame. (5)

And in cafe that any Perfon, of what Country that 1Ahatt"1tnt he be, from henceforth fell to any of the King's liege pq™f People, for any Price in certain, any Tun, Pipe, Qn.unity want-Tertian or Hogfhead of Wine, Oyl, and Honey, ini- <; Med. ioj. which wanteth in any wife of the Ailife and Meafurc aforefaid, that he allow and abate of the fame Price to the Buyer of fuch Wine, Oyl, and Honey,, as much as fuch Default after the Rate fhall amount unto, (6) upon Pain to forfeit to the King the Value of all the Wine, Oyl, and Honey to the contrary fold, any privy Covenant made or to be made betwixt the Seller and the Buyer contrary to this Ordinance notwithftanding. (7) And every Perfon that efpieth any of the Forfeitures aforefaid, and thereof doth inform the Treafurer of England, or the Barons of the Exchequer, fhall have the Half of the fame Forfeitures for his Labour.	The	Gauger’s

‘ IE Provided always. That the laid Gauger take ' Tu^ori’rpe and have for his Labour for the gauging of every Tun of Homy or Oyl. and Pipe of Oyl and Honey, as he taketh and hath of-7 3- ftat-every Tun and Pipe of Wine, and for every Tertian1, c' 8-	,

and Hogfhead after the Rate.’	iR3 ?*.*', J '

CAP. XVIII.

! >

How much a Captain fhall forfeit that doth detain any Part of his Soldiers Wages.

ITEM pur cco qc le Roy eft Sc ad efte bien apris de plufours Srgraundcs difeeites Sc fauxins queux ount efte faitz a luy & a fon Roialme par .afeuns de les capitains qi ount avaunt ceo endentez ove le Roy de luy fervire en le fait de guerre afeuns de pardela Sc as diverfes parties ficome ils fount or-deignez 5c obligez par. lour endentours ct afeuns en fes marches de pardecea & de le Roy pur lour gages'ount efte droitment paiez Sc contentez accordant a lour ditz endentours pur cux Sc pur toutz lour retenues folonc lour degrees de les quelles gages plufours des ditz capitains ount abufez 5c priz fur eux dabatier fur lour foldeours dafeun pluis 5c dafeun meyns iffint qe tielx fur queux ils ount abatez nount efte de poair de continuer lour fervice ne cco parfourmer come dc droit & reafon ils du-ifierit aver fait & fortunement voilloient aver fait fils uftent efte plcinement paiez le quel ad caufe eux decheier a robberie Sc pilage fibien devaunt lour alance de pardecea come dc pardela quant ils | la vendrount entre autres ad efte une graunde caufe de la longe continuance de la guerre 5c graunde damage Sc perde qi ount cheiez a lez Seignuries du Roy Sc pays en fa obefance de pcrdela et nient ceo tantfolemcnt mes perde auxint dc graunde bien qad efte graunte au Roy & paie en la fourrne avauntdit pur la defenfe de fa terre.

Le Roy voillant enccuntre autielx damages 5c perdes purvoier de remedie en cell partie ad or-deigne par laudtorite fuifdit qe null capitaine qi delore enavaunt avera le ccnduite dautielx rctenues Sc receivera les gages le Roy pur ceo abata de fez fouldours ne de afcun de eux afcun partie de lour gagez finon qil foit ftur lour vefture ccftaflavoir fils 4

“ YTE M, For that the King is and hath been well The Inconycm-“ J. certified of many great Deceits and Falftties,fnc'es En.lulns “ which have been done to him and to his Realm bypayin.?”f™1^.t “ fome of the Captains which have before this Time soldiers.

“ indented with the King to ferve him in the Feat of “ War, fome beyond the Sea and in divers Parts, as “ they be appointed and bouni by their Indentures,

“ and fome in his Marches on this Side the Sea, and “ their Wages have been truly paid and contented by “ the King, according to their Indentures, for them “ and for all their Retinue, according to their Degrees,

“ which Wages many of the faid Captains have abufed,

“ and taken upon them to deduce from their Soldiers,

“ of fome more, and fome lefs; fo that fuch, from “ whom they have abated, have not been able to con-“ tinue their Service, nor perform the fame as of Right “ and Reafon they ought to have done, and peradven- •

“ ture were willing to have done, if they had been “ fully paid ; which hath caufed them to fall to Rob-“ hery and Pillage, as well on this Side the Sea before “ their going, as beyond the Sea, when they came “ thither; amongft other Things it hath been a great “ Caufe of long Continuance of the War, and great “ Damage and Lofs which hath fallen to the Ssigni-“ ories and Countries of the King in his Obcifancc “ beyond the Sea, and not only that, but Lofs allb of “ great Treafure which hath been granted to the King,

“ and paid in the Form aforefaid for the Defence of “ his Land.” __

‘ II. The King, willing againft fuch Damages and c Loftes to provide a Remedy in this Behalf, hath or-‘ dained by the Authority aforefaid. That no Captain ‘ which hereafter fhall have the Conduct of fuch Re-c tinues, and fhall receive the King’s Wages for theFor	Cenie

‘ fame, fhall abate of his Soldiers, nor any of them,	"P/

| ‘ any Part of their Wages, except it be for their Clo h- Wages,'Vnj'how Gggg2	‘	mg,	m-jeh.’

‘ ing, that is to fay, if they lhali be wag'd for h?.!f a ‘ Year, T en Shillings a Gown for a Gentleman, and ‘ Six Shillings Eight Pence for a Yeoman, upon Pain ‘ of Twenty Pound for every Spear, and Ten Pound ‘ for a Bow to the King, from whom he did abate F-.nbtrpnvutcd ‘ uPon the Tenour of the fame.5 for by z & 3 Ed.6. c. 2. and4 tS $P. & M. c. 3.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. foient gages pur un dimi an x. s. une robe dune gentile roe & vj.s. viij. d. pur un vadlet fur peyne de xx. li.’ pur chefcun lance & x. li.5 pur chefcun arc au Roy fur qi il abata fur le tenure-dioelh.

C A P. XIX.

The Penalty of a Soldier not going with, or departing from, his Captain without Licence.

3	Init. 86.	‘‘	ITEM, Seeing divers and many Soldiers before

‘‘ .i. this Time, which have taken Parcel or half their <c Wages of their Captains, and fo have muilered and ‘‘ been entered of Record the King's Soldiers before ‘‘ his Commiffioners, for fueh Terms for which their ‘‘ Mailers have indented, have fometime prefently after ‘c their Muller, and the Receipt of Part or of the e‘ whole of their Wages, departed and gone where they “ would, and have not palled the Sea with their laid “ Captains, and fonts palled the Sea, and long within “ their Terms departed from their Captains -an 1 the “ King’s Service, without apparent Licence to them “ granted by their faid Captains, whereof hath grown “ l’o great Damage to the King and to his Realm, and “ fo many Inconveniencies, which cannot eafily be ex-“ prefied, as of long Time the Experience hath fhew-“ ed, and the which Soldiers fo doing, as much as in “ them was, decayed the Honour and Reverence of “ the Kin°;, and have been many Ways great Caufers “ of the Lofles which have enfued in his Lands and “ Seigniories beyond the Sea, and the Adventure alfo “ of the Perfons of the Lords and Captains which did “ condudl them.”

It is Fdony for a ‘ H. The fame King confidering the PremilTes, and hts'ca tain VC * willing agaiflft fuch Inconveniencies and Damages to without Licence. * provide a Remedy, hath ordained by the Authority Enforced by 2 aforefaid, That every Man fo mullering and re-j Ed, 6, c. 2. , ‘ ceiving the King’s Wages, which departed) from his-‘ Captain within his Term, in any Manner aforefaid,

‘ except that notorious Sicknefs or Impediment by the ‘ Vifitation of God (which may reafonahiy he known)

‘ fufter him not to go, and which -he fhali certify pre-L fently to his Captain, and fhali repay his Money, fo ‘ that he may provide him for another Soldier in his ‘ Place, he fhali be punilhed as a Felon ; (2) and that ‘ the Jullices of Peace lhall have Power to inquire ‘ thereof, and to hear and determine the fame. (3)

‘ And likewife hath ordained by the fame Authority,

4	That no Soldier, Man of Arms, or Archer, io ‘ muitered of Record, and going with his Captain bc-1 yond the Sea, lhall return into England within the ‘ Perm for which his Captain hath retained him, nor 7 ri 7. c. r. ‘ Rave his Captain there in the King’s Service, and in £j'	'(	£	Adventure of the War, except that he hath reafonable

‘ Caufe fhewed hy his Captain, and by him to the .	‘	chief in the Country having Royal Power, and there-

‘ upon lhall have Licence of the faid * Captain, wit-chief Officers of4 nefled under his Seal, and the Caufe of his Licence, port-, Of.-. Pull ‘ (4) And who that fo doth mufter of Record, and art. ft Soldiers ‘ come without Letters Teftimonials of the + Captain r.gfrcra « js ) within his Term on this Side the Sea,. 32^ >r-!in'h»J-ri4 that the Mayors, Bailiffs, and other the King’s Mi-the Ccufr ‘ nifters, at what Port or Place they lhall arrive, lhall of ihcir Resu-n 5 have Authority to put them in Arreft, and them there

Si t:«cd,	4 Uhf:,i.n.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes Sc pi u fours foldeours devaunt cell temps les queux ount prifez lour gages parcel! ou dirri de lour capitains Sc iffint ount monftrez •& entreez de recorde lez foldeours du Roy devaunt fez commiffioners pur tielx temres pur quels lour maillres ount endentez ount afeun temps maintenaunt apres lour monlire Sc la receit de lour gages partie ou tout departez Sc alez lou ils voillent ec nount my pafl’ez le meer ove lour di'tz capitains & afeuns paifez le meer & longement deinz lour termes departez a lour capitains & a le fervice du Roy faunce licence apparent grantez a eux par lour ditz capitains dount ad crewe fy graunde damage au Roy Sc a foil Roialme Sc li plulours incomcnementz qe ne poient legierment ellre exprefl’ez ficome de longe temps la experience ad monilre & les queles foldeours iffint faifantz en taunt come en eux fuifl anlentereront lonour Sc la reverence du Roy & ount ellez plufours graundes caufeours des damage.; qe cunt cheiez en fez terres Sc Seignuries de pardela & lavehture auxint de les perfones de les Seignurs Sc capitains qi eux conduce ount.

Mefme le Roy confideraunt 1 rs premiffes Sc vO-illant encorrtre tielx inconveniencies & dammages •purvoier de remedie ad ordeigne par lauclorite -fu-ifdit qe chefcun homme iffint mouflrant Sc re-ceyvant les gages le Roy le quel departe a fon ca-pitain deins fon terme'en alcun manere avauntdit ovefqe ceo qe notoire maladie ou impediment par la vifitation de Dieu le quel poet ellre conuz rai-fomble ne luy leffoet & le quel il certifia maintenaunt a fon capitain Sc repaie fa money ficome il poet purvoier luy pur un autre foldeour en fon lieu foit punyfine come un felon et qe les jullices de la peas eient poair denquerrer de ceo Sc doier Sc terminer en icell. Et femblablement ad ordeigne par mefme lauclorite qe null foldeour home darmes ne archer iffint motillrez de recorde Sc alant ovefqe fon capitain de pardela reveigne ycy en Engleterre deins le terme pur qi fon capitain endentera ne lefla fon capitaigne la en le Service du Roy & en aven-ture de la guerre faunz ceo qil eit caufe raifonahle monilre par fon capitain Sc par luy a le chief en le pays eiant le poair roial & fur ceo eit licence de la dit chifteyne tefmoigne defoubz fon feal & la caufe de fa licence. Et qi iffint moullree de recorde Sc veigne faunz lettres tellimonialx de le chifteyn come defuifdit deins fon terme de pardecea qe-les mairs baillifs & autres miniftres du Roy de quel port ou lieu en qi i! ou ils arrivount eient audiorite de eux mettre en arell Sc de eux la gardcr tanqc de

eux

597

A. D. 1442.

Anno vicefimo Henrici VL

C.

1.

Ex Rot. in Ttfrr. Lond. eux foit'enquiz St til poet eftre trove par enquerre devaunt juttices de la peasTi proevez qils ount ifiiiit monftroz de recorde & departiez a lour capi-tains defuifditz faunz licence come eft defuifdit qe adonqes iis foient puniz come felons.

ncrs by 5 El. c. 5. f. 27. '43 El. c. 3.	'31	Car.	2.	'c.	I.	12	Ari.i.

if iS. Andfc: /,be yearly	-agab'Jl Mot my and Dejert'ton.

‘ to keep until it be of them inquired ; (5.) and if it beRCg;ft.

‘ found by Inquiry before Jufticesof Peace, and proved 2. R. 2. flat. 1.

‘ that they have lo muftered of Record, and departed c* 4-‘ from their Captains aforefaid without Licence, as4'!tSPh-&M-c afore is faid, that then they Avail be punillied as Extended to Ma-

b cions.	riners	and	Gun-

flat. 1. c. 13.	1	Geo.	7.	c» 4.7, 3 Geo. 1. c. 2.	22	Geo.	2.	c.	44.	33 Ccc. 2.	6,-	2,

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 20 Hen. VI. and Anno

D'om, 1442.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

'OSTRE Seignur -le Roy a fan parlcment tenuz a Weltin’ lc jour de Converfion de Seint Paule le xxv. jour de Janunr’ lan de fon regne xxe a lonour de Dieu & pur le -bren de luy & fon Roialme de ladvis & a’flent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la efpccial requeft des Communes en mefme le parlement affembleez ad fait ordeigner Sc ellableir divelfez eftatuitz & ordinaunces en. la fourme qenfuit.

'UR Lord the Thing, at his Parliament holden at JVeJlminfiey, the Day of the Converfion of St. Paul, the t ive and twentieth Day of January, the Twentieth Year of his Reign, to the Honour of God, and for the Weal of him and of his Realm, by the Advice and Affent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Requeft of the Commons in the-fame Parliament aflembled, hathb made, ordained, and eftablilhed divers Statutes and'. Ordinances in the Form following,”

CAP. I.

All Letters of Safe Condu&s fhall be inrolled in the Chancery.

PRimerement come poverez tnercHantz diceft j Roialme de jour en autre fount difrobbes par les. enemys du Ro.y fur le mer. Sc deins rnefme le Roialme de lours niefs Sc biens 5c merchaundifes de graunde richeffe&lour corps prifez Sc emprifonez ove graunde dureffe & myz a graunde hnaunces & raunfon Sc les poverez lieges duRby demurantz pres les coftes du meer hors de lours propre mea-lbn ove lour chateux & enfauntz fur lc terre ■prifez Sc ove les ditz enemys ou lour plcft amef-nez queux mefehiefs' Veignent pur ceo qe les ditz merchauntz fount difeoragez ove force & puiflans de niefs & de gents defeiiftbles de gardier le meer & les' coftes dicell a caitfe qe les niefs biens Sc merchandiles par Cux. prifez des ditz enemiz du Roy fount afeun foitz claimez par les enemys du Roy par colur de faufcondu&s nient duement purchacez ne de recorde enroliez enfy qe les fubgetz du Roy purrount aver notice de eux et afeun foitz fount claymez par marchantz eftraungez del amifte du Roy deftre a eux appur-tenauntz par colour tie tcfmoign'z meins verrois de’ lour nation & par merches lettres & chartres parte par eux countrcfaitz Sc per tielx provez fur tielx claimes fount reftorez a mefmes les biens & merchandifes treflbvent foitz prifez en niefs Sc veffelx appurtenauntz a les enemyes du Roy & les ditz enemyz du Roy graundement fount cnrichez Sc lour navie fortement encrece & la navie Sc merc’nandife du dit Roialme noftre dit Seignur le Roy grevoufment amenufez Sc tielx damages Sc i convenientifez de jour en autre fount verifemblable dencrecer Sc avenere a dit Roialme.

“ THIRST, Whereas poor Merchants* of the Kind N°,;rl0rie-“ I1 of this Realm daily be robbed by the King’s ““^7" “ Enemies upon the Sea, and in divers Rivers 2nd;nroument 0f * Ports within the fame Realm, of their Ships, Goods,Letters of sifo “ and Merchandifes, of great Riches,, and their Bo-CocduCt.-“ dies taken and imprifoned with great Durefs, and “ put to great Fines and Ranfoms, and the King’s “ poor Subjects dwelling nigh the Sea-coafts taken out “ of their own Houfes, with their Chattks and In-“ fants upon-Land, and carried by the faid Enemies “ where it pleafe them ; (2) which Mifchiefs come by “ reafon that the faid Merchants be difeouraged with “ Force and Puiffance of Ships, and of People defen-“ ftble, to keep the Sea and the Coafts of the fame,

“ for that the Ships, Goods, and Merchandifes by <c thenr taken from the faid King’s Enemies, be fome-“ times claimed by the. King’s Enemies, by Colour of “ Safe Conducts- not duly purchafej, nor of Record “ inrolled, fo that the King’s Subjects may have No-“ tice of them, (3) and fometime be claimed by Mer-“ chants Strangers of the King’s Amity, to be belong-ing to them, by Colour of falfe Witneffes of their “ Nation, and by Letters of Marque and Charters.

“ party by them counterfeited, and by fuch Proofs “ upon fuch Claims be reftored to the fame Goods and Merchandifes often taken in Ships and Veffels “ belongii g to the King’s Enemies, and the faid “ King’s Subjects put to great Vexation, and LYs of “ their-own Goods, (4) whereby the faid. King’s “ Enemies be greatly enriched, and their Navy ftrong-“ ly increafed, and the Navy and Merchandife of the “ faid Realm of our Lord the King greatly diminilh-“ ed, and fuch Damages and Inconveniencies daily be “ likely to increafe and come to the faid Realm of our “ laid Lord the King, if fpeedy Remedy in this Cafe “ be not provided:

II. -

All Letters of tc XI. Our lard Lord the King confidering the Pre-SateUinduA, << m;jj'es, anc[ that if People of the King’s Amity be t:han'ery,e to"be “ feared and difeouraged to freight the Ships and void.	’	“ Veflels of the King’s Enemies and Adverfaries, their

iS H. 6. c. 3. “ Navy in Time to come will he decreafed and di-44 lr.inifhed, and the Navy of the King’s Subjects and 44 Friends increafed and inlarged‘ by the Advice and ‘ AfTent aforefaid, and at the fpecial Requeft of the ‘ faid Commons, to efehew the Mifchiefs aforefaid, 4 hath ordained by Authority of the faid Parliament, ‘ That all Letters of Safe Condudt to be granted to ‘ the King’s Enemies and Adverfaries, or any other

*	People whatfoever, fhall be inrolled in the Chancery 4 of our faid Lord the King of Record, before that 4 any luch Letters fhall be in any wife delivered to ‘ them to whom the fame Letters fhall be granted ; ‘ (2) and that all fuch Letters of Safe Conduit here-‘ after to be granted, not inrolled of Record in the ‘ faid Chancery, before the Delivery to them to be ‘ made in the Manner as is faid, fhall be void, and of 4 no Force nor Effect.

Prizes of Goods ■“ HI. And moreover, if hereafter any Goods or or Merchandises < Merchandifes be taken by the faid Subjeits of our k im”, KnT.niri * Lord the King upon the Sea, or the Coafts of the not "to be re- ‘ fame, charged in any Ship or other Veffel, which is itored, unlefs 4 belonging to the Enemies or Adverfaries of our Lord Letters of Sjfe « the King for the time being, not having fufficient m* c Letters of Safe Conduct inrolled in the Form afore-their Appl'ehen-* Hid, that they which fo fhall take the fame Goods lion. '	4	and Merchandifes fhall them- enjoy without any

4 Reftitution thereof to be made in any wife, to what-4 foevc-r Perfon the fame Goods and Merchandifes ‘ fo taken, at the Time of the taking of the fame, - or 4 before, were belonging.

Provifo for the ‘ jy. provided always. That the Subjects of our Si0! ‘ L°rd.^e KinS’ 5ak!nS iuch ShiPs. charged with Mer-al,d the Proof of chandues, not having nor fhewing luch Letters of the Inroliment. ‘ Safe Conduit within the fame Ships at the Time of ‘ the faid taking, and bringing them by Force to a ‘ certain Port or Place within the laid Realm, fhall not be ‘ endamaged in their Perfon nor Goods for fuch taking, c if they be ready to make full Reftitution of the fame ‘ Ships and Merchandifes, within reafonable Time,

4 after that full Knowledge is made to them of fufficient

*	Letters of Safe Conduit for the fame Ships and Mer-4 chamlifes, inrolled in the faid Chancery of Record ‘ before the taking of them. Provided alfo, That this 4 Ordinance fhall hegin to hold his Force at theFeaft 4 of Saint Michael the Archangel next coming.’

Fcrtbtr provided

fur by 31 II. 6. c, 4, and confirmed by 14 Ed. 4. c. 4.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Noftre dit Seignur le Roi confideraunt les pre-miffes & qe ft gentz del amiftee du Roy eient pavoire & difeorage daffretter les niefs Sc veffelx de les enemyes & adverfaries du Roy lour navie rn temps avenir ferra decrefle & amenufe & la navie des fubgitz & amyez du Roy encreffe Sc enlarge del advys Sc affent defuifdit Sc a lefpeciale requeft des ditz Communes pur efehewer les myf-chiefs fuifditz ad ordeigne par auitorite du dit par-lement qe toutz lettres de faufeonduit a graun-tierz a les enemys adverfaries du Roy ou autre gentz qeconqes foient enrollez en la Cbauncerie du Roy de recorde avaunt qe tielx lettres ferrount grauntez et qe toutz tielx lettres de faufeonduit en apres a grauntiers nient enrollez de recorde en la dit Cbauncerie avaunt le livere a eux affaire en la man ere come eft dit foient voidez & de null force Sc effeit.

Et enoutre fi en apres afeuns biens ou merchandifes foient prifez par les ditz fubgitz du Roy fur le meer ou les cofles dicell chargez en afeun nief ou autre veffell qeft appurtenaunt a les enemiz ou adverfaries .du Roy pur le temps.efteauntz nient ciantz lettres de faufeonduitz fuffifauntz en la fourme fuifdit enrolles qe ceux qi mefmes les biens & merchandifes enfy prenderount les e.n-joyent faunz afeun reftitution ent affaire en afeun manere a qeconqe ■ perfone meftnes les biens & merchandifes enfy prifez al temps del prys de ycells ou devaunt furent appurtenauntz. •	.	'	■

Purveu toutz foitz qe ft les ditz fubgitz du Roy preignantz tielx niefs chargez ove merchandifes nient eiantz Sc monftrantz tielx lettres de faufeonduit deins mefmes les niefs al temps del dit pris les amefnent par force a un certein port ou lieu ddns le dit Roialme ne foient endamagez en lour perfon ne biens pur tielx pris fils foient preftez a faire plein reftitution de mefmes les niefs & merchandifes dedeins t-mps refonable apres ceo qe plein notice eft fait a eux de lettres de fauf-conduift fuffifauntz pur mefmes les niefs & merchandifes enrollez en la dit Cbauncerie de recorde devaunt le pris de yceux. Purveu auxi qe ceft ordinaunce comence a tenir fon force a le fefte de feint Michell larchaungell profehein avenir.

CAP. II.

No Perfon outlawed within the County of Lanccjlcr (hall forfeit any Goods or Lands but

thofe which he hath in the fame County.

P.'D. 33 H. 6.

E X P.

0 H. c. z. iS H. 6. c. 13. 3x H. 6. c. 6.

ITEM noftre dit Seignur le Roy ad ordeigne par lauftorite defuifdit qe null de fez lieges envers queux exigent ferra agarde ou utlagarie pronuncie a le fuyte du Roy ou al fuyte de partic en temps avenir en le countee de Lancaftre forface afeuns de fez biens ou chateux terres ou tenementz en afeuns countees eins tantfoulment les biens Sc chateux terres & tenements queux les ditz utlagez ou ceux envers queux tiel exigent ferra agarde en le dit countee de Lancaftre ount en mefine le countee. lit qe par reafon dalcun tiel utlagarie a Ie fuyte dautre perfone pronuncie deins le dit countee de Lancaftre ne foient afeun forbarre ne difable dafeun manere da£tion ne de claymer afeun manere de enheritaunce hors de mefme le countee ne difable a fuer chefcun manerdaction hors de mefme le countee nient obftant tiel utlagarie fur luy pronuncie. Purveu toutz foitz qe leftatuit fait lan primer le Roy Henry quart Alel du dit R.oy cncountre les ditz gentz dc countee

de

599

A. D. 1442.	Anno	vicefimo	H	e	n	ri ci VI.	C. 3—5.

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lond.

de Ccftre qi fount as plufours lieges du Roy en diverfe coantees dEngleterre plufours homicidies murdres robbories bateries trufpafies & autres riottis malefaitz efioife en fa force celle ordinaunce nient obflaunt et qe icelt ordinance endura jefqe al fine de fept ans profchenement enfuantz.

CAP. III.

It lhall be High Treafon for JVelJlomen to take and carry away Englijbmen or their Goods into-Wales, .ox there to withhold them. See Appendix.

CAP. IV.

What Duties they (hall pay to the King which carry Wools to any other Place than to the

Scaples.

ITEM noftre dit Seignur le Roy a graunte Sc ordeigne par laudlorite defuifJit qe chefcun merchaunt dein- o B.

zein pur lains pealx lanutz Sc eiteyne qe ferrount chargez Sc efkippez en afcun galey carrek ou autre vefTeall deilre aniefnez & cariez par le mer par licence du Roy ou autrement as autres lieux Sc portcz qe a lellapie du Roy paient au Roy tielx cullumes fubfidies & autres devoirs come merc.hauntz aliens Si elfraun-gers paierount au Roy pur tielx merchandifes. Purveu toutz foitz qe c.elle graunte ou ordinaunce ne foy extende pas as afcuns perfones qe ount licence par les lettres patentz du Roy faitz a eux devaunt «ez heures de.efkipper carier ou amefner afcuns lains pealx lanutz ou elteine as autres lieux ou portz de pardela qe al eflaple de Calys mes qels foient de cell ordinaunce tout outrement forfpriz & exceptz.

CAP. V.

No Cultomer, &c. fhall have a Ship of his own, ufe Merchandife, keep a Wharf or Inn, or

be a Fadlor.

ITEM come al parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan de regne du Roi Henri le quart xj. ordine fuift & eftablie qe null home qi tient commune hof-trerie en afcun citce ou burgh dicell Roialme foiet cultumer controullour ne ferchcour Sc ceo pur efchuer les damages & prejudices qi dent pur-ront acrefcier par le favour qe tielx communes hof-telers purroient & veudroient faier as marchauntz & as autres lour holies en lour offices. Et ja-tarde divers cuilumers countrollers & auxi fer-cheours countrollours & furveiours des fercheours ount divers hommes pur dire lour clcrkes deputes & minillres en lour ditz offices des queux clerkes deputes & minillres afcuns ount niefs de lours propres Sc afcuns eux intromittent del frette des niefs auxint ac.hatent Sc vendount div.rfes merchaun-difes & ount Sc occupiount a lour propre oeps diverfe wherwes & keyes elleantz par les ripes del ewe lou commune difeharge des merchaundife eft eue en diverfe portz dicell Roialme par qe fibien graunde deceit &. damage journement acref-cent au Roy de fez cullume Sc fubfidees come graunde perde as marchauntz repairauntz a les portz ou les ditz clerks deputees & minillres occupient les ditez offices Des queux clerks deputees et minillres auxi pluifours teignent hoftries Si. tavernes & auxi gardent wharves Sc. eux & lour fervitours fount fadlours Si attournes pur merchauntz deinfins Sc ali; ns par qc grandcs damages & pc-rdes journement accrefcent au Roy en fez cullume & fubfidies par le favour qe tielx clerkes deput s Sc mi; iftres dels hoftries taverns & wharves teygnauntz facient as marchauntz Sc as autres lours holies en les ditz offices & pluis greindre damages ell fembleable dent accrefcier en temp; avenir li hallif remedie ne foient purvieu. Noftre dit Seignur 1c Roy 'voill-int encountre tielx damages & perdes purvoicr de remedie en cell par-

“ TTEM, Whereas in the Parliament holden at TVejl- ,, h. 4. c.

“ X minfler the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King'The CaliP why “ Henry the Fourth, it was ordained and ftablilhed,a cornroon Ho,t-“ That no Man that had a common Hollry. in any^rAft',ll.no'1 “ City or Borough of this- Realm, lhall be Cuftomcr, tr“]“ "x,,rr’ °‘" “ Controller, nor Searcher, and that to efehew the Seai-Uier.

“ Damages and Prejudices which thereof may grow, r „ lc “ by the Favour that fuch'common Holtlers may and k'. T. c'.

“ will make to Merchants, and to other their Guells 1 u. 4. c.13.

“ in their Offices : (2) And now of late divers Culiom-“ ers. Controllers, and alfo Searchers, Controllers, and “ Surveyors of Searchers, have divers Perfons to he “ their Clerks, Deputies, and Minillers in their faid “ Offices, of which Clerks, Deputies, and Minifters,-“ fome have Ships of their own, and fome of them “ meddle with the Freighting of Ships, and alfo buy “ and fell divers Merchandifes, and thereof occupy to “ their own Ufe divers Wharfs and Keys, being by “ the Water’s Sides, where common Difeharge of di-“ vers Merchandifes is had in divers Ports of this ct Realm, by the which as well great Deceit and Da-“ mages daily do grow to the King of his Cuftoms “ and Subfidies,. as a great Lofs to Merchants repair-“ ing to the Ports where the faid Clerks, Deputies,

“ and Minillers * be ; (3) alfo many hold Hoftries and'* occupy tit fr.{ “ Taverns, and alfo keep Wharfs, and they and theirOffica. ofi.-hh “ Servants be F’adlors and Attornies forMerchants, De- C!tr,is’DP'“':cS ‘

“ nizens, and Aliens, by which great Damage and*"'

“ Lofs daily doth grow to the King in his Cuftoms and'

“ Subfidies, by Favour that fuch Clerks, Deputies,

“ and Minillers holding fuch Hoftries, Taverns, and “ Wharfs, do to Merchants and to other their Guells “ in the faid Offices, and greater Damage is like thereof “ to grow in Time to come, if fpeedy Remedy be not provided’:” ‘ (4) Our faid'Lord the King, wil-1 ling againll fuch Damages and Lofles to provide a ‘ Remedy in this Behalf, hath ordained and eftablilhed.

by1

£» tn

600 C. 6—8

Anno vicefimo Henrici VI. A. D. 1442.

‘■So: 3 7 H. 6. c. c

and iS EL

by Authority aforefaicL, That no Cuftomer, Controller of the Cuftoms, Clerks, Deputies, Minifters, nor their Servants, Factors, nor Searchers, Controllers or Surveyors of Searches, nor their Clerks, Deputies, Minifters, or Fadlors fnaJl have any Ships of their own, (5) or fhall buy or fell by way or by colour of Merc'nandife, (6) nor they {hall not meddle with Freighting of Ships, or have or occupy any fuch Wharfs or Keys, (7) or fhall hold any Hoftries or Taverns, (8) or fhall be any Factors or Attornies for any Merchant, Denizen, or Alien, (9) nor {hall be Holts to any Merchant Alien, (10) upon the Pain of xl. li. to be forfeit as often as they do the contrary, that is to fay, the one Half to the King, and other Half to him that will fue -in this Cafe againft any fuch Perfon doing the contrary. This Ordinance to begin at the Feaft of Saint Michael next coming,’

9. ivbiib put CuJlomehj &c. und:rfarther RcfriBiom,

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. tie ad ordeigne Sc eftablie par laudlorite fuifdic qe null cuftumer ne countroller de la cuftume clerks deputes ou miniftres ne lour fervauntz ou fadlours ne fercheours countrollours ou furveiours des ferches ne lours clerkes deputes miniftres ou factours eient afeuns niefs de lour propres ou ac-chatent ou vendent par voie ou par colour de mer-ehaundife ne eux entremittent de frett de niefs ou . cient ou occupient afeuns tielx wherves ou keyes ou teignent afeuns hoftries ou tavernes ou foient afeuns. favours ou attournes pur afeun marchaunt deniez ou alien ne foient hoftes a afeun marchaunt alien fur Ie peine de xl. lil deftre forfait ft fovent coment ils fount la contrarie ceftaflavoir lune moite au Roy & a celuy qe voet fuer en ceft cas envers afeun del perfone faifant le contrarie lautre moite. Ceft ordinaunce a commencer a le feft de feint i Michell profehein avenier.

C A P. VI.

A Confirmation for Ten Years of the Statute of 15 Hen. 6. cap. 2. touching the Tranfpor-

tation of Corn being of certain Prices.

ITEM come a le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du regne noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft xvm= pur le commune profit de tout le Roialme & en efpeciall pur les countes adjoignantz a le meer ordeine fuift Sc eftablie en le fourme quenfuit. ‘ ITEM pur ceo qe par la ley ordeigne nul home poet carier ne amef-‘ ner bles hors du Roialme dEngleterre faunz licence du Roy par caufe de quel fermours & autres 1 homes qi ufent manourment de lourterre ne poent vendre lour blees fmoji ahaas price a grsunde damage ‘ de tout le Roialme. Noftre Seignur le Roy voillant en ceo cas purvoier de remedie ad ordine par laufto-c rite fuifdit qe bene lirra a chefcun home efkipper & carier toutz maners des blees Sc graines hors de ceft ' * Roialme a qeconqe li u qe luy plerra forfpris tantfoulment a les eneroys du Roy fy fovent & tant longement ‘ come un quarter de frument nexcede pas Ie price de vj s. viij d. Sc un quarter dorge iijs. en cel porte lou * frument ou orde eft tielment elkippe Sc ceo faunz afeun licence fuer pur icell toutz autres ordinaunces 1 avaunt faitz encountre nient obftantz. Purveu toutz foitz qs le Roy foit contents de fez cuftumes & de-"* vcirs & durra ceft ordinaunce tanqr al profehein parlement.’ Noftre dit Seignur le Roy pur ceo qe ceft eftatuit a ore neft en fa force & qe plufours countees adjoignauntz a le mer ne poient vendre la fubftaunce de lour bles fuion par cariage & amefner par le meer ad erdine par laudlorite defuifdit qe leftatuit & ordinaunce avaantdit ore expire come defuis eft dit commence a tenir fa force a le fell del Nativite de noftre Dame profehement enfuant Sc endure apres icell feft jefqs al parlement profehenement a tenir apres mefme le feft iffmt qc un parlement foit tenuz deins les dis ans prolcheinement enfuantz puis le • commencement diceft prefent parlement. Et ft null parlement foit tenuz deins mefmes ics dis ans adonqes qil endura jefqes -al fyne de mefmes les x. ans.

CAP.	VIL

If any carry Merchandifes into IFales, and after bring them into England not cuftomed, he

fhall forfeit them.

£ x TTEM grauntez eft & ordinez par Lu&orite defuifdit qc ft afeun en apres mefne afeunz merchaundifes X veignauntz es parties de pardela a afeune port 6u lieu deins la terre de Gales Sc puis les envoia en Engle-terre Sc illeoqes les difehargea hors dafeun nief ou veflell les cuftumes Sc fubftdies ent a Roy nient paiez ou fi afeun perfone en afeun des ditz portz & lieux en Gales efkipa afeuns lains pealx lanutz ou autres merchandifes del eftaple deftre-amefnez as parties de pardela nient cuftumez ou le fubfidie ent au Roy nient paiez forface mefmes les biens ci inerchaundifej. Et qe fe Roy eit fuyt en cell partie en le countee profehein ad-.joignaunt en Engleterre a le port ou lieu a que tielx merchaundifes ferrount efkippez ou amefnez en Gales. £t qe cell ordinaunce endura tanqe a! profehin parlement.

C A P. VIII.

In what Cafe the King’s Purveyors that would take'Cattle, may be refitted.

TTEM ordeignez eft par laudlorite defuifdit qe les eftatuitz devaunt cez heures faitz des pourveours Sc X achatours foient tenuz & gardes & myz en due execution. Et en cas qe afeun purveour achatour ou tparnour voillc preigner ou faicr purveance ou achate dafeun chofe a le value de xl s. ou dedeins dafeun

5	perfone

A. D. 1442.	Anno	vicefimo	Henrici	VI.	C. 9, 10.	601

Ex Rot. in Tttrr. Lond.

perfone & ne face preft paiementen poyn qe adonqes bien life a chefcun des lieges leRoy lours biens & cha-teux reteigner Si tielx purveours ou parnours refilter & en null manere eux fuffrer de faire tielx purveances achates ou prifes. Et pur la peas meux a eftre garde qe chefcun conftable tythyngman ou chiefplcgge de chefcun ville ou hamell ou tielx prifes ou purveances fe ferront foient eidant & affiftant a le poilefiour ou vendour de tielx chofes encountre la fourme de ceft ordinance apprendrez de faire refiflence en la fourme fuifdit en cas qe tielx conftable tythyngman ou chief plegge a ceo faire foit requiz fur peine de rendre a la partie enfy greve la values de chofes enfy prifez ove fes damagez au double. Et qe null des lieges du Roy foit myz en parde fyne raunceon ou contempt ou endamage par le Roy ou par afcun de miniftres ou officers pur tielx reteigners refiftcnces Si non fufftraunce. Et qe null des ditz miniftres oil officers le Roy face areftcr vexer ou empleder en la court del Marchalcie ou aillours afcun des lieges pur tielx reteigners ou nan-fufferaunce affaire fur peine de xx li.’ a perdre lun moite de ceo al Roy & lautre moite a celuy qe voet en tiel cas iuer. Et qe les juftices de la peas en checun counte eient poer par aubtorite de ceft ordenaunce den-querer oier & determiner fibien al fuyt du Roy come de celuy qe voet fuer dafeun chofe fait encountre ceft ordenaunce & de ent faire due punilhement Si execution & agarder damages a la partie pleintif quant afcun defendant ent foit duement convibt. Et qe en checun abtion fur ceft ordenaunce apprendre chefcun partie defendant foit a ceo mys a refpoundre faunz eide de Roy. Et qe en tielx adtions apprendrez foit proceffe fait come en brief de trefpas fait encountre la peas. Et qe en chefcun commiflion as purveours achatours ou pernours affaire foit ceft ordenaunce continue Si expreife. Et en outre qe ceft ordenaunce entre autres 3"ccj 6‘ eftatutz des purveours devaunt ces heurez faitz foient maundez en chefcun counte dEngleterre as vifeountz 1	1	'	’

de ceux purclayiner les ditz ordenaunces & eftatutz en les fourme & manere contenuz en leftatuit des purveours & achatours fait lan du regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy primer fur peine contenuz en mefme leftatuit. Et outre ceo le Roy voet & commaunde qe leftatuit fait lan xxxvjc. du Roy Edward jadys Roy dEngleterre tierce apres le conqueft toucheant purveours dautres perfones qe de Roy foit mys en dueirJi4> C I, execution.	obf.by	tzCar.z.

e. 24. hut fee 13 Car. 2. fat. i. c. 8,	13	£?	14	Car.	2, c. 20. and like-u/ife the yearly Mutiny Adis.

C A P. IX.

The Order of Trial of Counteffes, &c. being indifted of Treafon, &c.

ITEM edme contenue foiten laGraundeChartre entre autres en la fourme qenfuyt: ‘ Nullus liber' ‘ i:omo capiatur aut impri’.bnetur aut diffeifiatur de 1 libero teffemento to aut libertatibus aut liberis 4 confuctudinibus fuis aut utlagetur aut exulct aut 4 aliquo modo deftruatur nec fuper rum mittemus 4 nec fuper turn ibimus nifi per legale judicium pa-4 rium fuorum vcl per legem terre.’ En quele ef-tatuit neil: my mention fait coment femmes dames 1 de graundc eftate par caufe de lour barons peres •de la terre covertez ou foulez ceftafi'aver Ducheffes Countefies ou Baroneffes ferront mys a refponder ou devaunt queux Juges els ferront juggez fur en-ditementz de trefi.ns ou felonies par eux faitz a caufe de quell il eft une ambiguite Si doute en la ley devaunt queux Si par queux tielx dames iffint enditez ferront myfez a refpondre Si eftre adjuggez. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy voillant ouftier tielx ambiguitees Si doutes ad declare par laudtorite ae-fuifdit qe tielx dames iffint enditez ou en apres a enditerz de afcun trefon ou felonie par eux faitz ou en apres affaiiez coment qe eles foient covertez de Baron ou foules qe eles ent foient mefnez en ref-ponfe & mys arelpondre & adjuggez devaunt tielx Jugges & peres de le Roialme ncome autr-s peres de le Roialme ferroient fils fuiffent enditez ou em-pefehez de tielx trefoils ou felonies faitz ou en apres affairez & en autiel maner Si fourme Si cn null autre.

“ I TEM, Whereas it is contained in the Great Maena Chart* “ JL Charter, amongft other Things, in the Formc‘lp' 29'

“ which followeth : No Freeman fhall be taken or im-“ prifoned, or difleifed of his Freehold, or his Liber-“ ties, or free Cuftoms, or fhall be outlawed or banifn-“ ed, or in any wife deftroyed, nor We will go upon “ him, nor fend upon him, but by the lawful Judge-44 ment of his Peers, or by the Law of the Land ; (2)

“ in which Statute is no Mention made how Women,

44 Ladies of great Eftate, in refpedt to their Hufbands,

44 Peers of the Land, married or foie, that is to fay,

44 Ducheftes, Countefies, or Baroneffes, fhall be put to 44 anfwer, or before what Judges that they fhall be “ judged upon Indidtments of T'reafons, or Felonies “ by them committed or done, in Regard whereof it is “ a Doubt in the Law of England, before whom, and “ by whom fuch Ladies fo nidified fhall he put to an-“ fiver, and be judgtd ‘ (3) our faid Lord the King,6 c°' W 4 willing to put out fuch Ambiguities and Doubts, hath c declared, by Authority sforefaid, That fuch Ladies ‘ fo indifted, or hereafter to he indicted, of any Trea-‘ fon or Felony by them dons, or hereafter to be ‘ done, whether they be married or foie, that they ‘ thereof fhall be brought to anfwer, and put to an-4 fwer, and judged before fuch Judges and Peers of the 4 Realm, as* Peers of the Realm fhould be, if they* Add ithtr ‘ were indicted or impeached of fuch Treafons or Felo-4 nies done, or hereafter to be done, and in like Manner 4 and Form, and none otherwife,’

CA P. X.

Four Wardens of the Worflred Weavers of Norwich appointed yearly to infpccl- and regulate the Worded in that City, and two in Norfolk. The Length and Breadth of all Sorts of Worfteds made in Norwich and Norfolk aflignecl.	:

ITEM come fibien en la citee de Norwich come en le countee deNorfP foient divers perfones les qucux,JHAl]P'c> facent faux draps de toutz maners vvorftedes nient efteantes des affifes en longcure Si laeure ficonu ils^Ed.' 4, t-. 2, effe doient & furent dauncien ternps accuftumez Si les Hayes Si file fpeftantz a icell nient droitment foient Vol. I.	Hhhh	faitz

C. ii

Anno vicefimo Hen ri c i VI.	A.	D.	1442.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

faitz 6c overez en graunde deceit fibien des deinfins du Roy come deles eftraungiers repairantz a iceft Roi-alme les queux achatent 6c ufent tiel merchaundife confiantz qil ferront dedeins come il monftre dehors lou de verite il eft contraric 6c lou worfted fuift afcun temps bele merchandife 6c graundement defire 6c amee en les parties de pardela ore par la caufe qil eft de faux overaigne 6c de faux ftuffe null home ent face counte le quell eft graunde damage a les cuftumes du Roy Sc graunde damage 6c prejudice a le foiall liege poeple du Roy. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy voillant encountre tielx damages 6c prejudice purvoire de remedie en ceft partie ad ordeigne par laudtorite defuifdit qe hommes del art de teftours de worftede deins la dit citee eient poiare chefcun an a le fefte de Pentecofte de eflier quatres gardeins deins la dite citee de mefme la art 5c icelles gardeins daver poiar de eflier autres deux homes de mefme la art en le dit countee hors du dit citee 6c toutz icelles gardeins de vener devaunt le maire du dit citee pur le temps efteant le lundy apres le jour de Corpus Chrifti adonqes profchen enfuant 6c illeofqes deftre jurrez devaunt le dit maire de faire droit & due fcrche de toutz maners worftedes 6c de la ftufF fpectantz a icelle faitz ou affaires dcins la dit citte ou countee & qe chefcun pece de worfted foit purfuant parmy tout le drap de droit overaigne 6c bone 6c covenable fluff 6c qils teignent les longeure 6c laeure ffcome laffife ad efte dauncien temps droitement accuftume ceftaffavoir beddes de le pluis graunde aflife en longeure xiiij. alnes largement 6c en laeure iiij. alnes largement parmy tout le pece 6c beddes de la mene aflife xij. alnes en longeur et laeur parmy tout le pece iij. alnes 6c beddes de la pluis petit aflife x. alnes en longeure largement 6c ij. alnes 6c dimi’ en laeure 6c draps appelles Monkes clothes xij. alnes en longeure a le meins 6c v. quarters en laeure 6c drapes appelles chanon clothes v. alnes en longeure 6c vij. quarters en laeure 6c drapes appelles clothes vj. alnes en longeure 6c ij. alnes en laeure 6c double worfted x. alnes en longeure 6c v. quarters en laeur largement 6c dimi dubles vj. alnes en longeure 6c v. quarters en laeure 6: rolle worfted xxx. alnes en longeure dimi alne en laeure largement 6c qe en null de icells worftedes foyt mys lain de aignell ne lain appelle pell-wolle 6c qe les gardeyns de la dit arte pur le temps efteantz eient poaire 6c audlorite de feifer toutz tielx draps 6c ftuffe iflint trovez defedtifs 6c qe le maire du dit citee pur le temps efteant eit poiar par la dit audforite denquerer oier 6c determiner taunt a le fuyte du Roy come al information de lez ditz gardeins de toutz ceux qi fount le contrarie diceft ordenaunce deinz la dit citee 6c enfemblable les juftices de la peas en le dit countee hors du dit citee eient poiar denquerer oier et terminer de toutz iceux qi fount encountre lez premiffezen le dit counte hors du dit citee 6c ft afcun home ent devaunt le dit maire ou juftice de la peas foit duement convidt 6c attaint qe adonqes icells worftedes 6c ftuffe iffmt trovez defedlifs foient forfaitz ceftaffavoire lune moite de tiel forfaiture au Roy 6c lautre moite .a les gardeins pur le temps efteantz du dit arte 6c qe le maier pur le temps efteant du dit citte 6c les juftices de la peas en le dit countee eient poaire de faire tiel proceffe feveralment envers tiel perfone ou perfones qe ferront trovez defedtifs par enquerre devaunt eux a eftre priz de afcun chofe fait encountre les premifles come les juftices du Roy du peas fount fur enditementz priz devaunt eux de trefpas fait ove force 6c armes encountre la peas du Roy. Et qe ceft ordinaunce commence a prendre effedt a le fell de Seint Michel! profchen avener 5c qil endura jefqes al fine de trois ans profchen enfuantz apres mefme le feft de Seint Michell.

CAP. XI.

A Repeal of fo much of the Statute of 2 He n. 5. St at. 1. cap. 6. as maketh the breaking of

Truce and Safe Condufts High Treafon.

ITEM come ordeigne foit 6c declare par eftatuit fait lan du regne le Roy Henry le quint pier noftre Seignur le Roy qoreft feconde pur cco qe devaunt le dit ordinaunce divers gentz compriz deins les treues li-bien faitz par le dit nadgairs Roy come par le Roy qoreft 6c auxi autres divers eiantz faufconduitz fibien de dit nadgairs Roy Henry le quint come du dit nadgairs Roy Henry le quart ount efte afcuns tuez afcune robbes 6c difpoillez par les lieges 6c fubgitz du Roy fibien fur le haut mer come deins les portz 6c coftes du meer dEngliterre dlrland 6c de Gales parount les ditz treues 6c faufcondudtz ount efte rumpes 6c offenduz a graund difhonour 6c difclaundre du Roy 6c encountre fa dignite 6c les ditz tuers des hommes robbours fpoil-lours 6c offendours de les ditz treues 6c faufcondudlz du Roy come defuis eft declare ount eftez par diverfez lieges & fubgietz du Roy deins les coftis de divers countees recettz abetiez 6c procurez counfeilles lowez fuftenuz 6c maintenuz qe tiels tuerie robberie efpoillerie rumperie des trieux 6c faufconduftz du Roy 6c vo-luntariez receit abettement procurement counfell lower fuftcnaunce 6c maintenaunce de tiels perfones affairez en temps avenire par afcuns des liegez 6c fubgitz du Roy deins le Roialme dEngliterre dlrland 6c de Gales 011 fur le haut meer foient ajuggez 6c determinez pur haut trefon fait encountre la corone 6c dignite du Roy. Et pur ceo qe les paynes contenuz 6c efpecifiez en le ftatuit avauntdit fount fy rigorous 6c grevous envers les lieges 6c fubgiets du Roy 6c eux fi ftraitment lient qe les adverfaries enemyz du Roy de faire guerre devers eux fount graundement enbeaudez 6c comfortez 6c plufours des lieges 6c fubgiets du Roy auxibien fur le meer 6c coftes du meer come en les marches du Roialme dEngliterre fovent ount efte afcuns difrobbez 6c difpoillez 6c afcuns tuez parount plufours des lieges du Roy enhabitantz en marches 6c coftes fuifditz fount graundement anientifez 6c empoverifez 6c en point deftre finalment deftruez 6c les merchauntz Sc mariners du Roy du paf-fer fur le meer ove lour niefs 6c veffelx ove lour merchaundifez ou autrement en faire de guerre pur faufgard du meer fount graundement ent difeoragez 6c ent cnbasfhez 6c la naveie du Roialme noftre dit Seignur le Roy en point deftre deftruez 6c les marchauntz du Roy du faire ou renoveller afcuns niefs ou veffelx toutoutrement difeomfortz al parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le xc jour dOftobr’ lan de regne noftre dit Seignur le Roy qoreft xiiij"1' le pcnalte juggement 6c determination en mefme leftatuit contenuz fuift myz en fuljpens 6c refpite pur 2	vij.t

C. 11

Ex Rot. in Titrr. Lond.

vij. ans adonqes profchen enfuantz come par leftatuit ent fait en mefme le parlement pleinementappiertmef-me noftre Seignur le Roy qorcft confiderant lez premiflez Si qe le dit temps dc vij. ans eft bien pres pafl'e ad ordeigne par audlorite fuifdit qe null de fez liegez & fubgitez par force du dit eftatuit pur null chofe par luy attempts fait 011 affaire en apres encountre la fourme Si tenour del dit eftatuit quant a le dit peyne de trefon foit en afcunmanerpunislhemolcfte ou greve ne null peyne encourge pur ycell autrement qil duift devaunt le faifaunce del dit eftatut einz qil fez heirez & executours de toutz paynes Si forfaitz de trefon a caufe de le dit eftatut envers le Roy fez heirez & fucceflours foit toutoutrement quitez & difehargez Si qe ceft orde-naunce endura tanqe al profehen parlement.

CAP. XII.

A Reformation of the Partition of Money arifing by the Sale of Woolls and Woollfels by the Mayor and Conftable of Calais, ordered for feven Years. See Appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 23 Hen. VI. a?id Anno

Dom. 1444.

Cotton MS. Nero, C. r,

EN parlement tenuz a Weltm’ le xxv jour de Feverer lan du reigne noftre Seignur le Roi Henry le vi. apres le conqueft xxiii. mefme noftre Seignur le Roi del advys et aflent de les Seignurs efpirituelx et temporelx et les Communes efteantz en le dit parlement et par audiorite de mefme le parlement, fift ordeigner et eftablier diverfez ordeignauncez et eftatutz en le maner ct fourme que enfuift.

“	T the Parliament holden at Wejhninjler the

“	/-% Twenty fifth Day of February, the Twenty

“ JL A. third Year of the Reign of King Henry “ the Sixth after the Conqueft, the fame our Lord the cc King, by the Advice and Aflent of the Lords Spi-“ ritual and Temporal, and the Commons being in cc the faid Parliament, by the Authority of the fame “ Parliament, made to be ordained and ftablifned di-“ vers Ordinances and Statutes in the Manner and “ Form following.”

CAP. I.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 36 Edw. 3. fiat. 1. c. 2. and other Statutes, touching the

King’s Purveyors.

PRimerement come cn le parlement tenuz lan xxxvi. le Roy E. le tierce, fur lez grevous compleintz faitz fur purveours dez vitailles, eftoit ordeigne et eftablie, que null home dicelt Roialme averoit pris,f-z‘ forfque foulement le Roi et la Roigne fa compnigne ; Et que fur tielx purveauncez affairs pur lez hoftielx le Roy et la Roigne, ferroit preft paiement fait en poigne, fcilicet le price pur quele autielx \ itailles fer-roient venduz communement en marchez environ. Ft qe lez heinous nouns dez purveiours ferroient chaungez et nommez achatours ; et ft lachatour ne purroit bonement accorder ove le vendour de ceo que bufoigneroit, adonques lez prifez que fe ferroient pur lez ditz deux hoftielx ferroient faitz per viewe et tef-moignaunce et appreciation dez Seignurs ou Baillifs et Conftablez et quatrez prodez hommez de chefcun ville, et ceo per endenture affaire per entre lez achatours et lez ditz Seignurs ou Baillifs Conftablez ou quatre hommez, conteignauntz le quantite de lour prife, et la price, et de lez queux perfonez. Et que lez prifez ferroient faitz en covenable & eafe manere, faunz duras, reddour, manaffc, ou autre vilanie. Et que lez prifez et achatez ferroient faitz en lieux et placez ou greindre pleinte y ad, et ceo en temps covenable. Ft que pluis ne ferroit prife, que ne bufoigne en fa feafon pur lez ditz hoftielx. Et que la nombre dez ditz achatours ferroient amenufez en taunt come homme purra bonement. Et que tielx ferroient achatours, que ferroient fufficeantz de refpondre a Roi et a poeple. Et que null de eux averoit depute. Et que lez Com-miffions ferroient enfealez du graund feal ctchefcune di. an reftituitz cn la Chauncerie, et autres de novelle faitz, et qe en lez ditz Commiffions ferrount comprifez tout la matier et manere de lour prifez et achatez.

Et que null homme ferroit tenuz dobeier as achatours dautres Seignurs countre lour grec et voluntee ; ne lez achatours dez ditz hoftielx, fils ne firent preft paiement en poigne, come devaunt eft dit. Ne que null homme ferroit mys en contempt pur caufe de difobeifaunce faite en ticl partie. Et que lez prifez dez toutz maners dez blees Si brees pur lez ditz deux hoftielx ferroient mefurez per mefure accordaunt al eftandard, rafe et nient comblc. Et que pur lez cariaeez dez ditz blcez et breez, et pur toutz autres maners dez pri-4 fez et achatez afFairez pur lez ditz deux hoftielx, ferroit preft paiement fait en poigne en mefme la manere 25 EJ-come pur prifez ct achatz fuifditz. Et que pluis de cariage ne ferroit pris, que ne bufoigne, et ferroit nc-c’ ‘‘ ceftkrie en cell partie. Et ft null achatour face afeuns prifez, ou achatez, ou pemour de cariage, en autre manere, que neft comprife deinz lour Commiffions, averoit punilhement de vie &: de membre, come en autre eftatut eft ordeigne dez purveiours. Item que null achatour dez vitaillez, ne pernour de cariage, preigne ne refeeive de nulluy don ne autre bienfait pur difporte faire, ne charge ne greve null homme pur

H h h h 2	caufe

The former Sta tutcs of Purveyors confirmed.

Purveyors to be fworn.

Who may op-

pofe rhel'ti. vey-ors adtmg iiie-Stilly.

Two feveral Remedies Tor the Party wronged by the Purveyors,

The Serjeant of the Catery fhall anfwer for the Damages, &c. of his inferior Purveyors. Obf. by

EXP.

S H. 6. c. 23.

EXP.

20 H. 6. c. 10. 7 Ed. 4. c. 3,

C. 2, 3.	Anno	vicefimo tertio Henrici VI. A. D. 1444*

Cotton MS.

caufe dez ditz prifez achatez et cariager, pur haiour, enemyte, male volunte, & procurement: et fil face, ct de ceo ferroit atteint al fuite de partie; rendra a la partie fez damages a treble, et averoit la prifone de deux ans, et ferroit reint a la volunte le Roi, et puis forjure la Court. Et fi la partie ne verroit fuer, averoit celluy que le voudra fuer pur le Roi le tierce denier de ceo que ferra recovere pur fon travaille, et nient-meyns averoit lachatour et pernour la penaunce come devaunt eft dit en mefme cell article. Et qae chef-cune achatour fur fon accompt ferroit declarer et diftinguer feveralment toutz fes prifez & achatez de chefcune Countee ville et perfone. Et noftre dit Seignur le Roy qoreft, confiderant lez premiflez, ad ordeigne et commaunde, per laudlorite de fon dit Parlemcnt, qe lez ditz eftatutz defore enavaunt foient duement gardez, ct mys en execution Et ouftre ceo ad ordeigne per mefme laudforite, que chefcune purveiour et achatour, devaunt qil eit afeun Commiffion, ferra ferement en la Chauncerie, qil ne prendra rien de la poe-ple a contrarie dez ditz ordeignauncez. Et ouftre, pur ceo que lez povers gentz ne fount de power, ne ne ofent, faire refiftence envers lez di z purveiours et achatours, ne eux luer per la ley, coment qils fount a contrarie as ditz eftatutz; ad ordeigne per mefme laudftorite, que lez ditz appreifours, et auxint tout la ville on villez adjoignauntz, ft bufoigne foit, foient tenuz de faire lour devoir et poier, de refifter lez ditz achatours et purveiours, a faire a contrarie de lez ditz eftatutz, e*t en tant come en eux eft, dexe-cuter 'lez ditz eftatutz fur mefmez lez purveiours, fils foient requis. Et que celluy que eft greve de fes biens prifez, a contrarie dez ditz ordeignauncez et eftatutz, purra eflier davoir adtion de dette envers lez ditz appreifours ville ou villez, et chefcune de eux, que ne fount lour devoir en refiftence dez ditz purveiours 011 achatours en la fourme avauntdit quant ils fount requis, ou autrement envers lez ditz purveiours et achatours et chefcune de eux, a recoverer le treble value de fez biens iflint prifez, et ouftre ceo fez coftagez et damages as treblez. Et fi afeun purveiour ou autre Officer noftre Seignur le Roi face trou-bler ou vexer en le Marchalfie ou aillours afeuns dez lieges noftre dit Seignur le Roi, per afeun manere fuggeftion, caufe feyne, ymagine on colour fur eux, a caufe dexecution dez ditz ordeignauncez ; encourge la peyne de xx. li. a paier a la partie greve, ouftre fez damages et coftagez en celle partie fufteignez; et qil avera fur ceo briefe dc dette. Et que chefcune ifl’ue triable en ceft adtion ferra trie en le Countee ou le prife dez ditz biens foy fift. Et que lez defendauntz en toutz lez ditz cafez ne foient admys de gager lour Icy. Et foient mys a refpons faunz fourcher. Et que eftoin, eide du Roi, ne protedlion a eux foit allowe. Et que le fergeaunt de lacaterie fatisfiera toutz lez damages dettez et executions queux ferrount reco-verez vers chefcune purveiour et achatour defouth luy en toutz lez cafez fuifditz, en cas que le purveiour 011 achatour ne foient fufficient de fatisfier. Et ait la partie pleignaunt feire facias daver execution vers le dit Sergeant en ceo ca , et que ceftz ordiegnauncez et eftatuitz foient mys as lez juftices de la peas en chefcun Countee, de eux proclaymer chefcune an, et dent enfourmer le poeple.

32 Car, 2. c, 24. But fee 13 Car, z.Jlat. 1, c, 8. 13 & 14 Car. 2. c, 20, and alfo the yearly Mutiny AEls.

CAP. II.

Whoever fhal! pack or fhip Thrums or Threads to pafs beyond the Seas, during Three Years next coming, (ball forfeit the fame, or the Value.

ITEM noftre dit Seignur le Roi ad ordeigne per lauSorite defuifdit, que nulle homme enapres,face jpakker ne efkipper afeuns thrommez, ne filez de leyn, en afeune manere deftre euez, ou de pafTer hors de fon Roialme Dengleterre douftre la mear, durant le terine de trois ans profeheinement enfuantz, furpeyn de forfaiture dez mefmez lez thrommes et- file de layn, ou le veray value dicelle, a Roi, le Roi davoir lune moite de ceo, et celluy que efpiera, trovera, ou.provera ceo forfaitable, davoir lautre moite, et que celluy que pakka a efkipper douftre la mear afeuns ticlx thrommez ou file de laine enapres a contrarie diceft or--deignaunce eit emprifonement dun an, et ouftre ceo face a Roy fyn et raunfon pur fa offenfe en ceft par-tie ; Sauvant toutz foitz a Roi fon avauntage per leftatuit fait en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan oeptifme de fon noble reigne touchant ceft matier.

CAP. III.

Four Wardens of Worfted Weavers fhall be.chofen yearly during Three Years next coming, within the City of Norwich, and other Four within the County of Norfolk, which fhall fet down Orders for the true making of Woriteds within Norwich, and Norfolk, and Suffolk.

fTEM come en le darrein parlement du Roy tenuz a Weftm’ enter autres fuift enabtez- & graunte per JL laubtorite de mefme le parlement, que lou furent fibien deinz la citee de Norwich, come deinz le countee-deNorff’, diverfez perfonez qui firent faux overeigne dez toutz manerez dez worftedez, nient efteantz de laftifez en longieure et laieure, ficome ils duiftent eftre, & furent dauncien temps accuftumez ; et lez flaiez et filez a ceo fpedfantz fauxement furent faitz et overez, cn graunde difeeit fibien dez deinzeins core dez eftraungez repairantza iceft Roialme, que ufoient dachatier tielx merchaundifez, confiantz qils ferroient de-cieinz come il monftra dehors, lou de verite il fuift contrarie ; Et lou worftedez furent en afeun temps beal marchaundife, et graundement defirez, et ameez en les' part:ez de pardela, pur caufe qil fuift de faux ove-raigne et de faux ftuffe null homme ent face conte, a graund damage de lez cuftumes du Roy, et graund damage et prejudice a fon foial poeple : que a la deftrudtion dez tielx defaukz, que lez hommez de la dit art de la dit citee averoient poiar, chefcun an a le fefte de Per.tecoft, deflier quatre Gardeinz deinz le dit-

-	citea-

A, D. 1444. Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VJ.	C. 3.	_6o5

Cotton MS.

citee de mefnie lart, et icclles Gardeins davoir poiar deflier autres deux homines en le dit countee hors dc la dit citee, et toutz les Gardeins de venir devauntle Mairde la dit citee pur le temps efteant le lundy aprea le jour de Corpus Chrifti adonqes profchein enfuant, & illoeques deftre jurrez devaunt le Mair, de faire veray et due ferche dcz toutz maners worftedez, et de la ftuffe fpectantz a ycelle, faitz ou affairs deinz la dit citee ou countee, et que chefcune pece de worftede foit purfuant per mye tout le drap, de droit overaigne, bon et convenable ftuffe, et qils tiegnent lez longieure et laieure ficome laflife ad efte dauncien temps droitement accuftume: fcilicet beddez de le pluis graund affife en longieure xiiij. aulncz largement et en kieure iiij. aulnez largement per my tout la pece, et beddez dc la mefne affife xij. aulncz en longieure et en laieure per my tout la pece iij. aulnez, Et beddez de la pluis petit affife x. aulnez en longieure largement et deux aulnez Si di. en laieure, etdraps appellez monkez clothez xij. aulnez en longieure a le meyns et v. cjuarters en laieure, Et draps appellez Chanon’ clothez v. aulnez en longieure et vii. quarters en kieure ; Kt draps Chanon clothez vi. aulnez en longieure et deux aulnez en kieure; et double worftede x. aulnes en longieure et v. quarters en kieure; et di. doublez vi. aulnez en longieure et v. quarters en kieure ; et rolle worftede-xxx. aulnez en longieure et diVauln^ en kieure largement. Et que en nulle dicellez worftedez foit mys layn de agnell ne layn appelle pellewolle et que lez Gardeinz de-la dit arte pur le temps efteantz averoient poiar et audlorite, de feifer toutz tielx draps et ftuffe iffint trovez defecfifs ; et que le mair du dit citee pur le temps efteantz averoit poair, denquerer, oier et terminer, taunt a la fuite du Roi come al enformation de lez ditz Gardeinz, de toutz ceux qui fount encountre la dit ordeignaunce deinz la dit citee; et en fem-blable fourme lez juftices de la peas en le dit countee hors de la dit citee averoient poiar, denquerer, oier et terminer dez toutz ceux qui fount encountre lez premiffez en le dit Counte hors du dit citee. Et fi afcun bomme ent devaunt le dit mair ou juftices de la peas ferroit duement convict & atteint, que adonques icelles worftedez et ftuffe iffint trove defecfifs ferroient forfaitz, fcilicet lune moite de del forfaiture a le Roi, et lautre moite a lez Gardeins du dit art pur le temps efteantz. Et que le mair pur le temps efteant de la dit citee, et lez juftices de la peas en le dit countee, averoient poiar de faire tielx proceffe feveralment envers tielx perfonez ou perfone qui ferrount trovez defeddfs, par enquerre devaunt eux deftre pris, de afcun chofe fait encountre lez premiffez, ficome lez juftices de la peas fount' fur enditement pris devaunt eux de fait ove force et armez encountre la peas du Roi; et que la dit ordeignaunce commenceroit apprendre effect a' la fefte de Seint Michel] profeheinement enfuant le dit parlement, a endurer tanque ala fyn de trois ans. Le Roi, confiderant lez premiffez, ad ordeigne per kudforite de fon dit parlement tenuz le dit xxv. jour de Feverer, pur labien de tout fon poeple de fon dit Roialme, et en amendement dez ditz worftedez, et en de-Arudbion de tout manere d-feeit deftre fait et overe en worftedez per ceux qui lez overount, et lez mefnez dicelles ; que hommez de la dit art deinz la dit citee eient poiar chefcun an a le fefte de Pentecoft, deflire-quatre gardeinz deinz la dit citee de mefme lart; et auxint en femblable manere que lez artificers hors dir dit citee, fcilicet en le counte de Norff’, eient poiar chefcune an a la dit feft de Pentecoft, deflire quatre gardeinz deinz la dit counte de mefme lart; et qils, ne afcun de eux, deftre eflieux per lez gardeinz de la dit art deinz la dit citee, afcun a£t de parlement devaunt ceft temps fait a. contrarie nient obftaunt. Et que lez ditz gardeinz en lez ditz countee et citee foient jurrez devaunt le mair du dit citee et le fenechall del duchie de Lancaftr’ deinz le dit counte pur le temps efteant, ill aveignera la deinz dit citee eftre prefent, ou au-trement devaunt le mair tauntfoulement, le dit fenefchall efteant abfent a del temps. Et que toutz lez ditz gardeinz, fibien deinz la dit citee come dehors, ou autrement la greindre partie diceux, defoubz iceile fourme avaunt reherce efluz et jurrez, eient pleyn poiar de furveicr le overaigne de lez ditz artificers, et qils facent et overent bien et loialment, et de faire et dordiner autielx rulez et ordeignauncez deinz la dit art, ft fovent come il femblera a eux neceffarie, come ferrount a le amendement de lez ditz worftedez et arte.

Et que autielx rulez et ordeignauncez per eux iffint faitz et ordeignez deftre per lez ditz artificers obeiez et obfervez, ou autrement lez ditz gardeinz ceux de fez ditz artificers qe afcun de lour ditz reulez et ordei-nauncez enfreynent ou fount le contrarie per lez difcrctions dez ditz mair et fenefchall de punir. Et auxint que nulle homme de la dit arte face afcun worftede, faunz ceo qil mette fur ceo fon figne per la ordinaunce de lez ditz gardeinz, ou autrement lez ditz worftedez foient forfaitz a Roi. Et que lez ditz gardeinz, fibien deinz ia dit citee come d. inz lez counteez de Norff’ etSufF, eient pleyn poiar de fercher toutz maners worftedez, ou de fair fercher, fibien deinz lez lomez come dehors lez lomez, et que tout manere worfted et ftuffe fpedbantz a ycelle trove per eux pur afcun caufe avaunt recite defedfifs per lez ditz gardeinz, deftre forfaitz, fcilicet lun moite as lez mairs et Baillifs des citees et burghs ou villez, ou as chiefs Sei-nurs de le fee de et en tielx lieux, ficome il aveignera autielx worftedez et fluff per lez ditz gardeinz deftre trovez pur afcun caufe avauntdit defedbifs et. forfaitablez, et lautre moite a lez gardeinz de la dit arte. Et qe toutz mairs vifeounts et baillifs, et toutz autres officers, foient entendantz eidauntz, et fupportauntz lez ditz gardeinz en lour ferchez, ft fovent come eux ou afcun de eux foient per lez ditz gardeinz ou afcun de eux refonablement requis. Et que ceft ordeignaunce endurera tanqe al fyn de trois ans profeheinement enfuantz. Purveu toutz foitz, que ft il aveigne, lez gardeinz de la dit arte, fibien-deinz la citee de Norwiche come dehors, ou autrement la greindre partie de eux, en manere et fourme avauntditz efiuez et jurrez, de faire afeuns tielx reulez et ordeignauncez come defuis eft dit; que mefmez lez rulez et ordeignauncez ne foient en afeuns maners mys en execution, devaunt ceo que le Roi et fon-counfaille foient de eux certifiez, et qil fembla a Roy et fon counfaill’ mefmez lez rulez et ordeignauncez expedientz et neceffariez pur la bien du Roi et fon Roialme,

C AP,

6o6

Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VI,

A. D. 1444,

C. 4—7.

CAP. IV.

TVeljhmen indicted of Treafon or Felony, that do repair into Herefordjhtre, fhall be apprehended and imprifoned, or elfe purfued by Hue and Cry, and a Forfeiture of thofe which do not purfue them. See Appendix.

CAP. V.

A Rehearfal of the Statute of 15 Hen. 6. c, 2. touching Licence to tranfport Corn, when Wheat doth not exceed vis. viiid. the Quarter, and Barley iiis. ivd, and the fame Statute made perpetual.

Cotton MS.

Altered by i Jac. TTEM come en parlement tenuz aWeftm’ lan du reigne le Roi qoreft xv. pur la commune profit de tout i- c- -5-	Jj[ 1c Roialme	ordeigne fuill	et eftablie en la fourme qenfuift. Item pur ceo que per la ley eft, que nulle

si Jac. i. c, zb. homrne p0et carjer ne mefner	blees hors du Roialme didngleterre, faunz licence du Roi, per caufe de quele

fermours et autres hommez qui ufent maynurement de lour terre, ne p-.ient vendre lour bleez, finoun a bas pris, a graund damage de tout Ie Roialme. Noftre Seignur le Roi, voillant en ceo cas purvoier de reme-clie, ad ordeigne per audlorite fuifdit, que bien lirra a chefcune homrne, efkipper et carier toutz maners dez blees et greinez hors diceft Roialme a queconque lieu que luy plerra, forfpris tantfoulement a lez ene-ntyez noftre Seignur le Roi, ft fovent, et tantlongement, que un quarter de frument ne excede pas le price de vis. viij d. et un quarter dorge iij s. en ycelle porte lou frument et orge eft tielment efkippe; et ceo faunz afcun licence fuir pur ycelle ; toutz autres ordeignauncez avaunt cez hoeurez faitz a contrarie nient obftauntz. Purveu toutz foitz, que le Roi foit content de fez cuilumez et devers. Et durera cell ordeig-naunce tanque	al profchein	parlement. Et pur ceo que cell eftatut neft pas a ore en fa force, et que plu-

fours counteez	adjoignauntz	a Ie mear ne poient vendre le fubftaunce de rour bleez, finoun per cariage et

amefner per la mear; Noftre dit Seignur le Roi, confiderant lez premiflez, ad ordeigne per laudtorite de fon dit parlement tenuz le dit xxv jour de Feverer, que leftatut et ordeignaunce avaundit per laudlorite de mefme le parlement foit perpetuel, et en fa force a toutz jours en apres.

* Sixty

CAP. VI.

The Gathering of Head-pence by the Sheriff of Northumberland fhall ceafe.

“ ITEM, Whereas the poor Commons, and the ct JL King’s faithful liege People of his County of Nor-“ thumberland, have been of long Time opprefted and tc furcharged by the Sheriffs of tae Paid County for the “ time being, levying or caufing to be levied of their “ Goods and Chatties, to the Sum of * Forty Pounds, “ and more, called Head-pence, Two times in feven “ Years, that is to fay, every Third Year, and every “ Fourth Year, to their own Avail, without any Ac-“ count, Profit, or Advantage to the King, and with-“ out any lawful Caufe or Ground, but of their great “ Extortion, which caufeth divers Men to labour and <c expend great Goods to be Sheriff, when the faid “ Years come, to the great Oppreffion of the faid “ Commons;” ‘ (2) Our Lord the King confidering ‘ the Premifies, hath ordained and granted by the Au-

*	thority aforefaid, That the faid Gathering of the faid ‘ Head-pence fhall be clearly put out for ever, any ‘ Ufe or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding, upon

*	Pain of an C li. to be paid, the one half of the fame 4 to the King, and the other half to the Party which ‘ will fue for the Forfeiture againft the Sheriff! This ‘ Ordinance to begin at the Feaft of the Nativity of ‘ St. John Baptift., which fhall be in the Year of our ‘ Lord M. CCCC. xlvi.’

ITEM come lez poverez communes et foialx liegez du Roy de fon counte de Northumbr’ ount efte de longe temps oppreffez et furchargez per lez vifcountz du dit countee pur le temps ef-teantz, levauntz et facentz leve de lour biens et chateux a la fomme de lx li’. et pluis, appellez Hedepeniez, deux foitz en vij ans, fcilicet chefcune tierce an et chefcune iiij= an, a lour propre availle, faunz afcune accompt, profit, ou availle a Roi, et faunz afcun loial avyce ou foundement, finoun de lour graund extorfion, le quele caufa di-verfez hommez de laborer et expender graundez biens deftre vifcount, quant lez ditz ans veignent, a le pluis greindre oppreffion de lez ditz communes : Noftre dit Seignur le Roy, confiderant lez premiflez, ad ordeigne et graunte per laudlorite fuifdit, que Ie dit colledt de lez ditz hede penyez foit tout ouftrement ouftez pur toutz jours, afcun ufe ou cuftume eue a le contrarie nient obftaunt, fur payne de C li’ deftre paiez, lune moite dicelle a Roi, et lautre moite dicelle a la partie qui fua la forfaiture envers le vifcount. Cell ordeignaunce a commencer a la feft de la Nativite de feint John Ie Baptille que ferra en lannoftre Seignur M. CCCC. xlvjh

CAP. VII.

No Man fhall be Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, UV. above a Year.

« flat tc TTEM, Whereas King Edward the Third, for c. 7.	JL	divers	and	fpecial	Caufes, in his Parliament hold-

1 Lutn. 153,	“	en	at	JVeflminJtcr, the IVcdncfday next after Midlcnt,

ITEM come le Roi E. le tierce, pur diverfez et notablez caufez en fon- parlement tenuz a Weftm’ Ie mefkerdy profchein apres le di.’ qua-

relme

Cotton MS. refme lan de Ton rcigne xiij- pur caufe que diverfez vifcountz en diverfez counteez dEngleterre adon-ques efteauntz avoient lour officez, afcuns pur terme dans de graunte du Roi, et afcuns confiantz cn pluis longe continuance cn lour officez per procurement &c. furent graundement efbaudez, et prifteront fur eux, de faire plufours et diverfez opprefiions a le liege poeple du Roy meyns due-ment, et malement et fauxement fervoient Ie Roi et fon poeple ; ordeigna et fill, que nulle vifcount demureroit ne expecleroit en fon office ouflre un an, et que adonques un autre covenahle et fufficient homme ferroit ordeine en fon lieu per le Chaun-celler et Treforer dEngleterie et le chief Baron del Efchequer et autres chefcune an en lendemayn dez toutz almez ; ficome il appiert en le dit efta-tut: Et apres cell eftatut iffint fait, per un autre ellatut fait a Wellm’ en le parlement du dit Roi tenuz le prim’ jour May lan de foil reigne xlij ordeigna et fill, que null vifcount, fouthvifcount, ne clerk de vifcount, demureroit ou expedleroit en fon office ouftre un an; ficome eft ordeigne per autres eftatutz faitz devaunt celle temps ; ficome il pluis pleinement appiert per le dit eftatut del xlij an. Etouftr’ ceo per un autre eftatut fait a Weftm’ en le xv de feint Michel! lan du reigne du Roy Richard le feconde primer fuift ordeigne et fait, que nulle homme que avoit eftee vifcount dafeun counte pur un entier an ne ferroit eflieu autrefoitz, ne mys cn la dit office, deinztrois ans adonques prof-cheinz enfuantz ; finoun que ne foit afeun autre fufficeant deinz le dit countee; ficome il pluis pleinement appiert per le dit eftatut du Roi Richard : Et come en dherfez counteez dEngleterre apres la fefaunce dez ditz eftatutz plufours diverfez vifeountes ount eftez faitz, et ount occu-piez deinz lez ditz counteez, afcuns x. ans, et afcuns xij. ans, et pluis, a le graund damage du Roi qoreft, fez progenitours, et lour poeple deinz lez ditz counteez, contrarie a lez ditz eftatutz, et tout autre bon rule, et veraie femblablement en temps avenir deftre importable damage, overt dif-heritaunce, & fupportation domicidie et perjurre, et graund oppreffion as plufours du liege poeple du Roi, confiderez lez graundez confanguinite alliaunce les famulers des vifeountes, fibien de ceux que ount eftee devaunt cell temps, come de ceux que ore fount en les ditz counteez : Noftre dit Seignur le Roi, confiderant les premiftes, ad ordeigne per lauclorite fuifdit, que les eftatutz dc-vaunt recitez et chefcun de eux foient duement obfervez en chefcune countee dEngleterre, les Southvifcounts et touts les autres officers deinz la Citee de Loundres que ore fount ou ferrount tout temps excepts, et autielx countees tantfoule-ment exceptz, en queux divers de le liege poeple du Roi en loffice de vifcount a ceft jour fount en-heritez, et auxint tielx perlones que ount eftate de frank tenement en loffice de vifcount mefme cell jour et lettres patents a eux faitz del office de vifcount et lour Southvifcounts et Clerks excepts. Et fi afeun Vifcount ou Clerk de Vifcount occupia office de Vifcount, Southvifcount, ou Clerk de Vifcount, contrarie a afcuns de les eftatutz avaunt recitez, ou encountre leffcdt ou en-tent dafeun de eux, exceptz devaunt exceptz ; que adonques ceftuy que iffint occupia, forfaira la

“ the Fourteenth Year of his Reign, for that feveral “ Sheriffs in divers Counties in England then being,

“ had their Offices, fome for a Term of Years of the “ King’s Grant, and fome trufling of longer Conti-“ nuance in their Offices, by Procurement, csV. were cc greatly encouraged, and did take upon them to do “ many and divers Opprefiions to the King’s liege Peo-“ pie, unduly, and evil, and falfiy to ferve the King “ and his People, did ordain and ftablifh, That no “ Sheriff fhould tarry and abide in his Office above “ a Year, and that then another meet and fufficient “ Man fhould be affigned in his Place by the Chancel-“ lor and Treafurer of England, and the chiefBaron of “ the Exchequer, and other, every Year in the Morrow “ of All-Souls, as it appeareth in the laid Statute; (2)

“ and after the faid Statute fo made, by another Sta-“ tute made at IVeJlminJlev, in the Parliament of the

faid King, holdcn the firft Day of May, the Forty-42 Ed. 3- c-?. “ fecond Year of his Reign, he ordained and made,

“ That no Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, nor Sheriff’s “ Clerk, fhould tarry and abide in his Office over one “ Year, as it is ordained by other Statutes before this “ Time, as it appeareth more plainly by the faid “ Statute of the fame Forty-fecond Year. (3) Audi R, i. c. n.

44 moreover, by another Statute made at Wejbninjlcr,

“ the Fifteenth of St. Michael, the Firft Year of the “ Reign of King Richard the Second, it was or-“ dained and made, That no Man which hath been 44 Sheriff of any County by one whole Year, fhall be ec another Time chofen nor put in the faid Office with-44 in Three Years next enfuing, except that there be not “ other fufficient within the faid County, as it appeareth “ more plainly by the faid Statute of King Richard.

“ (4) And whereas in divers Counties in England, after “ the making of the faid Statutes, many and feveral “ Sheriffs have been made, and have occupied within the 44 faid Counties, fome Ten Years, and fome Twelve “ Years, and more, to the great Damage of the King “ that now is, his Progenitors, and their People within “ the faid Counties, contrary to the faid Statutes, and “ all other good Rule, and very like in Time to come “ to be to their importable Damage, and open Difheri-44 fon, upholding of Manfiaughter, Perjury, and great 44 Oppreffion to many of the King’s liege People, con-“ fidering the great Confanguinity, Alliance, and Fa-44 miliars of the Sheriff, as well of them as have been 44 before this Time, as of them which now be in the “ faid Counties 4 (5) our faid Lord the King, con- 1 Confirmation ‘ fidering the Premiftes, hath ordained by the Autho- of the Statutes 4 rity aforefaid, That the Statutes before recited, and afor.e^'d’''ifj ‘ every of them, ftiall be duly obferved in every County sheriff above one ‘ of England. (The Under-Sheriffs, and all other ‘ Officers within the Ci.y of London, which now be, 28 Ed. 3. c. 7. ‘ or fhall be, at all Times excepted ; and fucli Coun-4 ties only except, in which divers of the King’s liege ‘ People be inheritable to the Office of Sheriffs at this ‘ Day, and alfo fuch Perfons as have Eftate of Freehold-‘ in the Office of Sheriffs at this Day, and except the ‘ Letters Patents made to them of the Office of Sheriffs,

4 and their Under-Sheriffs and Clerks.) (6) And if Penalty for 4 any Sheriff, or Under-Sheriff, or Sheriff’s Cleric, sh'mfrwfck 2 4 occupy the Office of Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or She-above one Year. * riff’s Clerk, contrary to any of the Statutes afore rc- A] ^ b 4 cited, or againft the Effect or Intent of any of theraEd.4. c.’i. s’ 4 (except before excepted) that then he which doth fo 17 Ed. 4. c. 7.

4 occupy, fhall forfeit the Sum of CC IL yearly, as.

4 long.

e long as he occupieth contrary to the Effedt of the ‘ faid Statutes; (7) and that every Pardon hereafter ‘ to he made for fuch Offence or Occupation, or For-c feiture of Sums before recited, fhall be void, and not 1 available, and all Patents made, or to be made, of any i	the faid Offices for Term of Years, for	Term	of

c	Life, or in Fee-Simple, or in Fee-Tail,	to any	of

‘ the King’s liege People, (except before except-c ed) fhall be void, and of no Value, by the fame ‘ Authority, any Claufe or Word of Non obftante in ‘ any wife put or to be put in fuch Patents to All Patents c be made notwithflanding. (8) And moreover, who-made to any t° < foever will take upon him or them, to have or aVear%)all°be ‘	occupy the faid Office of Sheriff, by virtue of fuch

void.	‘	Grants or Patents now to be made for	Term	of

6	Years, for Term of Life, Fee-Simple, orFee.-Tail, “ fhall Hand for ever and at all Times difabled to be ‘ or bear the Office of Sheriff within any County in Who (hall take < England by the fame Authority. (9) And that every the Forfeiture. C hege Man which will fue for the faid Sum forfeit, 2 H. 7. f. 67. ‘ againfl him or them which in fuch Manner doth for-‘ feit or fhall forfeit, fhall be received and admitted to ‘ fue an Addon of Debt in his own Name ; our Lord ‘ the King to have the one half of all that fhall happen ‘ by the fame Adion to be recovered by fuch Suit, 29 H. 6. c, a. * and he or they that fo purfue to have the other half.’

Cotton MS. fomme de CCli. annuelment, auxi longement come il occupia contrarie al effed dez ditz efta-tutz. Et que chefcune pardon en temps avenir deftre fait pur tiel offenfe, occupation, ou forfai-ture dez hommez avaunt recitez, ferroit voidez et nient advailablez ; et toutz patentz, fait et affairs, de afcun de les ditz offices pur terme dans, terrr.e de vie, en fee fimple, ou fee taille, a afcun de lez liegez du Roi, exceptz devaunt exceptz, foient voidez et de null value per mefme laudorite, afcun claufe ou parole de non obftante en afcun mys ou a mettre en tielx patentz deftre fait nient obftauntz. Et ouftre ceo quiconque prefume fur luy ou fur eux, daccepter ou occupier la dit office de vifcount per vertue dautielx grauntez ou patentz ore affairez pur terme dans, a terme de vie, fee fimple, ou fee taille, deftoier difable perpe-tuelment et tout temps, deftre ou porter loffice de vifcount deinz afcun Countee en Engleterre per mefme laudorite ; et que chefcune liege homme que voet fuer pur la dit fomme forfait envers celluy ou ceux que en tiel manere forface ou for-facent ferra refceu et admys de fuer adion de dette en fon propre noun, le Roy davoir June moite de tout ceo que aveignera per icelle adion deftre re-coverez per tiel iuite, et celluy ou ceux qui if-fint purfuera ou purfueront daier lautre moite.

CAP. VIII.

The Chancellor of England may grant Commiffions of Sewers during Fifteen Years.

ITEM come en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ ala xv. de Seint Michell lan du reigne le Roi qoreft vi. pur lez graundez damages & perdez que viendroient per lez graundez creteyns del eawe en diverfez partiez dicefte Roialme, & que plufours greindrez damages furent femblablez daver venuz, ft remedie ne avoit efte haftifment purvieu, pur que per audorite de noltre dit parlement fuift ordeigne & graunte, que per x. ans adonqs profcheins enffiantz feveralx Commiffions dez fewers lerroient faitz as diverfez perfonez per le Chaun-celler du Roy dEngleterre pur le temps efteant nommez en toutz partiez dicefte Roialme, lou neceffarie ferroit, folonque la fourme que enfuift en mefme leftatut: per que lez ditz mefchief: furent graundement re-formez & amendez; & come jatarde en diverfez partiez dicefte Roialme per graundez creteins del ewe phi-fours villez & terrez a graunde quantite fount furoundez h diftroiez, a graund anientifment diceft Roialme ; & graundez prejudice, damage, & mifchifs, fount verifemblablez de cbeier, ft remedie ne foit haftifment pur ceo purveu: le Roy connderant lez premifl'ez, & coment lez x. ans fount pafi’ez, ad ordeigne per lauc-torite fuifdit, que durant le terme de xve ans profcheins enfuantz le Chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant eit poiar de faire hors du Chauncerie du Roy Commiffions dez fevvers dcfuis le graund feal du Roy, en tiel fourme ficome il fuift graunte deftre fait per leftatut fait le dit an vjh <•

CAP. IX.

No Sheriff fhall let to ferm his County or any Bailiwick. The Sheriffs and Bailiffs Fees and

Duties in fevcral Cafes.

«H. 4. e. j. 4 TTEM, The King, confidering the great Perjury, H." ttI3' f	e Extortion, and Oppreffion which be and have

cio. Er'u'/iz,* h£en >n this Realm by his Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, 65,178, 191, and their Clerks, Coroners, Stewards of Franchifes, 790. 27 j.	‘ Bailiffs, and Keepers of Prifons, and other Officers

1 Roll 169.	<■ in divers Counties of this Realm, hath ordained by

‘ Authority aforefaid, in efchewing of all fuch Extor-‘ tion. Perjury, and Oppreffion, that no Sheriff fhall ‘ let to ferm, in any Manner, his County, nor any of Koneofth>- * his Bailiwicks, Hundreds, nor Wapentakes-; (2) nor Sher fTs officers* that the faid Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, Bailiffs of /hall be r.tmned« Franchifes, nor any other Bailiff, fhall return, upon upon nc; jc s. t any Writ or Precept to them directed to be returned ‘ any Inquefts in any Panel thereupon to be made, 4

ITEM le Roi confiderant lez graundez perjure extorfion et oppreffion, queux fount et ount efteez en cell: Roialme per fez Vifcountz, South-vifeountz, et lour Clerks, Coroners, Sencfchallx dez Fraunchifez, Baillifs et Gardeinz dez prifons, et autres Officers en diverfez. Counteez diceft Roialme, ad ordeigne per lauclorite fuifdit, en ef-chuyng dez toutz tielx extorfions, perjurie, et oppreffion, que nulle Vifcount Icfie a ferme en afcun manere fon Counte, ne afcun de fez Baillifwiks, Hundredez, ne Wapentakez, ne que lez ditz Vifcountz, Southvifcountz Baillifs dez fraunchifez, ne afcun autre Baillif, retourne fur afcun briefe ou precept a eux diretff, de retourncr afeuns en-

queftez

Cotton MS.	|

queftez ou afcuns panellez fur ceo deftre fait, afcuns Baillifs, Officers, ou fcrvauntz a afcun de lez officers fuifditz, en afcun panelle per eux iffint affaire, ne que null de lez ditz Officers et Minif-trez, per occafion, ou fouth colour, de lour office, preignc afcun autre chofe per eux ne per afcun autre perfone a lour oeps ou availle dafcun perfone per eux ou-afcuns de eux deftre arreftuz ou at-tachez, ne de nulle autre pur eux, pur le lefl'cr dafcun arreft ou attachement deftre fait per lour corps, ou de afcun perfone per eux ou afcun de eux per force ou colour de lour office aref-tuz ou attachez, pur fyn, fee, fevvet de prifon, maynpris, leffance a bailie, ou monftraunce afcun eafe ou favour a afcun tiel perfone iffint ar-reftuz ou arreftier, pur lour regard ou profit, fi noun tiel come enfuift, fcilicet pur le Vifcount xx d. Ie Baillif qe face larreft ou lattachement iiijd. h le Gaoler, ft le prifoner foit commis a fa garde, iiijd. Et que le Vifcount, Southvifcount, Clerk de Vifcount, Senefchall ou Baillif de fraunchifc, Servaunt ou Baillif, ne Coroner, preigne per colour de foil’ office, per luy ne per afcun autre perfone a foil ufe, dafcun perfone pur la faifure dafcun retournc ou panelle afcun chofe, ct pur la copie dun panell iiij d. et que lez ditz Vifcountz, et toutz autres Officers et Miniftrez avauntditz, leflerount hors du prifon toutz maners dez perfo-nez per eux ou afcun de eux arreftiers ou efteant en lour garde per force dafcun briefe, Bille, ou garraunt en afcun action perfonell, ou per caufc denditement de trefpas, fur refonable fuerte dez fufficeantz perfonez eiantz fufficeaunte deinz lez Counteez lou tielx perfonez fount iffint leflez a bailie ou maynpris, de garder lour jours en tielx lieux come lez ditz briefs billez ou garrauntz' required ; tiel perfone ou perfonez qui fount ou ferrount en lour garde per condempnation, execution, capias utlagatum, ou excommunicatum, fuerte de peas, et toutz tielx perfonez qui fount com-mys a gard per efpecial commaundement dafcun Juf-tice, et vagerauntz refufauntz de fervir folonque la fourme del eftatut dez laborers, tauntfoulement cx-ceptz. Et que nulle vifcount, ne nulle dez officers ou miniftrez fuifditz, preigne ou face de prendre ou faire afcun obligation pur afcun caufe fuifditz, ou colour de lour office, finoun tauntfoulement a lour mefmez, dafcun perfone, ne pur afcun perfone qui foit en lour garde per le cours de la Eye, forfque fur le noun de lour office, ct fur condition que la dit prifoner appierge a le jour conteignuz en le dit briefe bille ou garraunt et en tielx lieux come le dit briefe bille ou garrant requiert. Et ft afcuns de lez ditz vifcountz ou autres officers ou miniftrez fuifditz preigne afcun obligition en autre fourme per colour de lour officez, qil foit voide. Et qil ne preigne pluis pur la fefaunce dafcun tie] obligation, garraunt, ou precept, per eux deftre fait, forfque iiij. d. Et auxint que chefcune de lez ditz vifcountz face annuelmcnt tin depute en lez courtz du Roi de fa Chauncerie, Bank du Roy, Commune Bank, et Lefchequer, de recorde, devaunt ceo qils retournent afcuns briefs, de refeeiver toutz maners dez briefs et garrantz a eux deftre deli-verez; Et qe toutz lez vifcountz, fouthvifeountz, clerks, baillifs, gaolers, coroners, fencfchallx, Vol. I.

‘ any Bailiffs, Officers, or Servants to any of the Of-‘ licers aforefaid, in any Panel by them fo to be made;

£ (3) nor that any of the faid Officers and Minifters-,,,	7.	,r,4-

‘ by Occafion, or under Colour of their Office, {hall Dyer, f. <19.

‘ take any other Thing by them, nor by any other Per- L*"** 54-£ fon to their Ufe, Profit, or Avail, of any Perfon by 5 Mod' ”5* c them, or any of them, to be arrefted or attached, nor £ of none other for them, for the omitting of any ‘ Arreft or Attachment to he made by their Body, or ‘ of any Perfon by them or any of them, by Force or ‘ Colour of their Office, arrefted or attached, for Fine,

‘ Fee, Suit of Prifon, Mainprife, letting to Bail, or

*	fhewing any Eafe or Favour to any Each Perfon fo

*	arrefted, or to be arrefted, for their Reward or Profit,-

‘ but fuch as follow; that is to fay, For the Sheriff Fees for Arrefti ‘ xxd. the Bailiff which maketh the Arreft or At-anJ Attach-‘ tachment, Four Pence, and the Gaoler, if the Pri- 2/™ts-£ foner be committed to his Ward, Four Pence; (4-)'co ‘ And that the Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, Sheriff’s Clerk,- ' a '

£ Steward or Bailiff ofFranchie, Servant of Bailiff 0rF“s tbi to* ‘ Coroner, fhall not take any-Thing by Colour of his T'- s c Office, by him nor by any other Perfon to hiscro. El.’76."

‘ Ufe, of any Perfon for the making of any Return 3 Leon. 208.

£ or Panel, and for the Copy of any Panel, but £ iv d. (cj And that the faid Sheriffs, and all otherWnaf I’.er!°ns

*	Officers and Minifters aforefaid, fhall let out of Pri-™hat not!"C *

‘ fon all Manner of Perfons by them or any of them Latch 23,143.

‘ arrefted, or being in their Cuftody, by Force of any Plow. f. 60.

‘ Writ, Bill, or Warrant in any Adtion Perfonal, orT.h? Conations ‘ by Caufe of Indictment of Trefpafs, upon reafon-otlEeEal E<>nd' £ able Sureties of fufficient Perfons, having fufficient £ within the Counties where fuch Perfons be fo let £ to Bail or Mainprife, to keep their Days in fuch ‘ Place as the faid Writs, Bills, or Warrants {hall Carthew 300.

‘ require. (6) Such Perfon or Perfons which be or,Mod,227-‘ fhall be in their Ward by Condemnation, Execu-£ tion. Capias Utlagat’ or Excommunicatum, Surety of £ the Peace, and all fuch Perfons which be or fhall be'

£ committed to Ward by fpecial Commandment of2^od,I77-£ any Juftice, and Vagabonds refilling to ferve ac-] sid ->s°7-£ cording to the Form of the Statute of Labourer's, saund. 16 £ only except, (7) And that no Sheriff, nor any 0L62.

£ the Officers or Minifters aforefaid, fhall take or1 Andsr- 122.

£ caufe to be taken, or make, any Obligation for any2^0"17S> I07> £ Caufe aforefaid, or by Colour of their Office, but’, A‘nd(,rf- 267.

£ only to themfelves, of any Perfon, ncr by any Per-Hob. 13.

£ fon which fhall be in their Ward by the Courfe ofio Co. 101.

£ the Law, but by the Name of their Office, and uponD>'er> f- II?>

£ Condition written, that the faid Prifoners fhall £ appear at the Day contained in the faid Writ, Bill 3 Co.’59.

£ or Warrant, and in fuch Places as the faid Writs, 10 Co. 59.

£ Bills, or Warrants fhall require. (8) And if any ofCr0-Jac- -s6*

£ the faid Sheriffs, or other Officers or Minifters afore-c”'Clr- 3°9>

£ faid,-take any Obligation in other Form by Co-sjvijgl>

‘ lour of their Offices,- that it ftiall be void ; (9) and Hob. 72.’

£ that he fhall take no more for the making of any 1 fuch Obligation, Warrant, or Precept by them to £ be made, but Four Pence. (10) And alfo that every The Sheriff fed! £ of the faid Sheriffs fhall make yearly a Deputy in "E-T Efr-vT ‘ the King’s Courts of his Chancery, the King’scouits.

£ Bench, the Common Pleas, and in the Exchequer,

£ of Record, before that they fhall return any Writs,

‘ to receive all Manner of Writs and Warrants to be £ delivered to them: (11) And that ail Sheriffs, Un-£ der-Sherifts, Clerks, Bailiffs, Gaolers, Coroners,

£ Stewards, Bailiffs of Franchifes, or any other Offi-£ cers-or Minifters, which do contrary to this Ordi-I i i i	‘	nance	-

Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VI. A. D. 1444.

The Forfeitures of the Offenders and who Ihail have them.

4 nance in any Point of the fame, fhall lofe to the ‘ Party in this Behalf indamaged or grieved, his treble 4 Damages, (12) and fhall forfeit the Sum of xl. li, 4 at every Time that they or any of them do the con-‘ trary thereof in any Point of the fame ; whereof the 4 King fhall have the one Half, to be employed to the 4 Ufe of his Houfe, and in no other wife, and the Party ‘ that will fue, the other half. (13) And that the ‘ Juftices of Affifes in their Seffions, Juifices of the 4 one Bench and of the other, and Juifices of Peace in 4 their County, fhall have Power to enquire, hear, 4 and determine of Office without fpecial Commiffion, 4 of and upon all them that do contrary to thefe Ordi-Tbe Sheriff re- ‘ nances in any Article or Point of the fame. (14) turningCcpi Ccr-1 Anj jp t^e Sheriffs return upon any Perfon, dX f.tCeP' tortus, or Reddidit fe, that they fhall be '	4	chargeable to have the Bodies of the faid Perfons

4 at the Days of the Returns of the faid Writs, Bills, 4 or Warrants, in fiich Form as they were before the 4 making of this Afl.

The Warden of 4 II. Provided always, That the Warden of the the Fleet and of 1 King’s Gaol of the Fleet, and of the King’s Palace Palace of 4 of Wejhninjlcr for the time being, fhall not be en-empted.	* darnaged nor prejudiced by th s Ordinance in the

4 Co. 76.	4 Duty of his Office. And alfo that this Ordinance

Dyer, V. ng. 4 fhall begin at the Fcaff of Enjier, which fhall be in Sii 5 Geo. 1. c. ‘ the Year of our Lord MCCCC xlvi.’

Jyfcc. I^for the Penally of Sheriffs taking Fees for ie-uy'mg the King s Dells,

Cotton MS.

baillifs dez fraunchifez, ou afeuns autres officers ou miniffrez, queux fount le contrarie diceft or-deignaunce, ou dalcun point dicelle, perde a la partie cn ycelle endamage ou greve fez treblez damages et forface la fomme de xl. li. a chefcune temps que eux ou afeun de eux fount le contrarie dicelle en afeun point dicelle, dount le Roi davoir lune moite, ceo deffre emploiez a le ufe de fon hoftiel, et cn null autre manere, et lautre moite a celluy qui ceo voet fuer. Et que lez Juftices dez affilez en lour feffions, Juftices del un Bank et del autre, et Juftices de la peas en lour paiis, eient poair denquerer, oier et terminer, doffice, faunz efpecial commiffion, de et fur toutz iceux, qui ferrount le contrarie diceft ordeignaunce en chefcune article ou point dicelle. E ft lez ditz vif-countz retournent fur afeun perfone cepi corpus, ou reddidit fe, qils foient chargeablez davoir le corps dez ditz perfonez a lez jours de la retourne dez ditz briefs, billez, ou garraunts, en tiel fourme come ils furent devaunt la fefaunce diceft a£te. Purveu toutz foitz, que per ceft prefent ordeignaunce le Gardeyn de la gaole le Roy de Flete, et dc la paleys du Roi a Weftininfter, pur le temps efteant, ne foit, endamage ne prejudice en fon duete de fon office. Et auxint que ceft ordeignaunce commencera en la feft de pafque que ferra en lan de noftre Seignur Jefu Crift M1. CCCC xlvj'.

C A. P. X.

The Order of levying the Wages of the Knights of the Parliament.

* Add to tlxm

The Penalty if the Sheriff, isc. levy more Money than is 2 defied*

'I* at that time

ITEM, Whereas before this Time divers Sheriffs in divers Counties of England, by Colour of 44 Writs to them directed, to levy the Wages of the “ Knights of the Shires for the time being, of the Par-44 liament of the King that now is, and of his noble 44 Progenitors, have levied more Money than hath 44 been due to the faid Knights, and more than they 44 have delivered*, /keeping and retaining great Part of 44 the Money to their own Ufe and Profit, to their 44 Officers and Servants, to the great Lofs of the com-44 raon People of the faid Counties4 (2) The King,

4 confidering the Premifie , hath ordained by the Au-4 thority aforefaid, That the Sheriff of every County 4 for the time being, in the next County Court holden ‘ in their Counties, after the Delivery of the faid Writs 4 directed to them, fhall make open Proclamation, 4 that the Coroners, and every chief Conftable of the 4 Peace of the faid Counties, and the Bailiffs of every 4 Hundred or Wapentake of the fame County, and all 4 other which will be at the affeffing of the Wages of ‘ the Knights of the Shires, fhall be at the next 4 County there to he holden to affefs the faid Wages of 4 the laid Knights; (3) and that the Sheriff, Under-4 fherifl’. Coroners, or Bailiffs for the time being, be 4 there at the fame Time in their proper Perfon, upon 4 Pain of Forfeiture to the King, of every of them 4- that maketh Default, Forty Shillings. £4) At which 4 Time the (aid Sheriff or Under-fherift, in the Pre-4 fenc of them that fhall come j to the fame, and of 4 the Suitors of the fame Counties then being there, 4 in the full County well and duly fhall affefs every 4 Hundred to that afiefl’abJe by itfelf, to pay a certain

ITEM come devaunt ceft temps diverfez vif-countz en diverfez counteez Dengleterre qount per colour des briefs diredlz a eux, pur lever lez gagez de lez chivalers de lez counteez pur le temps efteantz, de lez parlementz du Roy qorell;, et de fez noblez progenitours, ount leve pluis de money, que ad eite due as lez ditz chivalers, et pluis qils ount deliverez a eux, gardauntz et preignauntz graunde partie du dit money a lour ufe et profit de-mefne, et lour officers et fervauntz, a trefgraunde. damage de la commune poeple de lez ditz counteez: le Roi confiderant lez premiflez, ad ordeigne per laudforite fuifdit, qe le vifcount de chefcune counte pur le temps efteant, en le profehein counte tenuz en lour counteez apres la deliveraunce de lez ditz briefs fait a eux, face overt proclamation, que lez coroners, et chefcune chief conftable de la peas dez ditz countees, et lez baillifs de chefcun hundred ou wapentak de mefme le counte, et toutz au~ trez qui voillent eftre a le aflefauncc de lez gagez dez chivalers de lez Counteez, foient a le profehein-. countee illoquez a tenir, daffeffer lez gagez de lez ditz chivalers ; et que le vifeount, ou fouthvifeount, coroners, ou baillifs, pur le temps efteantz, foient illoquez a mefme le-temps en lours propres perfonez, fur la peyn de forfaiture a Roi, de chefcune diceux qui face defaute xl. s. a qud temps le vifeount ou fouthvifeount, en prefenee diceux qui a celle temps vicndront, et de lez fuitours dez ditz. counteez adonqes efteantz la, en le pleyn counte. bien et duement ceffa chefcune hundred a ceo affef-fable per luy mefme a un certayu fomme, de paier

pur

4.

C. 11.

611

Cotton A IS.

pitr lez gagez dcz elite chivalcrs de lez counteez, iffint que lcnticr fonime dcz toutz lez hundredez nexcede la fomme'que feri'il dewo a lez ditz chivalers : et apres cco en nicfme lc counte affeffe bien et duement chefcune village deinz lez ditz hundredez a ceo affcffablc, a un certayn fomme pur le paiement dc lez ditz gagez, iffint que lentier fomme dcz toutz lez villez deinz afeun de lez ditz hundredez nexcede la fomme afTefl'e fur le hundrede de quell eux fount. 1ft que lez ditz vifeountz, fouthvifeountz, baillifs, lie null autres officers pur la caufe fuifdit leva pluis de money de nulle village, que ceo a que ils furent afl'effez, et en manerc et lourme come ils fount afieffez. Et li afeune face ou voillc affeffer afeun hundred ou village autre-ment que eft avauntdit; qils forfacent pur chefcun defaut a Roy xx. li. et a chefcun honnne, qui voet fuer en ccft cas x. li. Et que lez ditz vifeountz bien & duement levent la money iffint nfTcfTez fur lez ditz villagez, auxi haftifmeut come ils poient bo-nement apres lc dit aileflance, et icelle deliverent as lez ditz chivalers, accordant a lez briefez de ceo deftre faitz, fur lez ditz peynez; ct cclluy qui voet fuer en ceft cas foit admys a ceo, et eit pur fa adtion en ceft cas un feire facias envers celluy qui offende cncountre ceft ordeignaunce. Et fi le defendant duement garniz en yccllc fice defaulte, ou autrement appierge et foit en ycclle convidt; que adonques lez pleintifs recovercnt envers eux qui iffint font convidtz x. li. a lour propre ufe ouftre lez ditz xx. li. ovc lour damages pur lez coftagez de lour fuitz a le treble. Et que lez Juitices dc le Bank le Roi Juftices dc commune Bank, Juftices daffifez et gaole deliverer, et Juftices de la peas en lour paiis, eient poiar denquerer, oier et terminer, dez toutz lez ditz defaultz, fibien per enquerre a la fuite du Roi, come per adtion a la fuite de par-tie. Et' que toutz tielx expenlez dez chivalers ne foient levez dafeuns autres villagez, Seignouries, ou lieux, forfque dez tielx come ils ount efte duement levez devaunt ceft temps, et que en chefcune tiel briefe defore affaire pur lever lez gagez dez chivalers foit ceft adt comprehenduz.

‘ Sum for the Wages of the Knights of th • S ire, fo c that the whole Sum of all the Hundreds do not ‘ exceed the Sum which fliall be due to the faid Knights. c (5) And after that in the fame County, they lhall ‘ a fiefs well and lawfully every Village within the faid c Hundreds, which fhould be there alfeffable, to a cer-‘ tain Sum for the Payment of the faid Wages ; fo that ‘ the whole Sum of all the Towns within any of the ‘ faid Hundreds, do not exceed the Sum aflefl'ed upon ‘ the Hundred of which they be. (6) And that the ‘ faid Sheriffs, Under-fheriffs, Bailiffs, nor any other ‘ Officer, for the Caufe aforefaid, fhall levy m:re ‘ Money of any Village than that whereunto they c were alleffed : * (y) And if any do or will affefs any * A<Jd a'"j ‘ Hundred or Village otherwife than is aforefaid, that c they fhall forfeit for every Default to the King*” ^	‘

‘ Twenty Pounds, and to any Man which will fue c in this Cafe, Ten Pounds.

‘ II. And that the faid Sheriffs well and duly fhall )vhn may Prc ‘ levy the Money fo aflefled upon the aforefaid Villages, ^VVrd byS c as Speedily as they well may after the faid affeffing, wha’t V/nt.

‘ and the fame fliall deliver to the faid Knights, accord-‘ ing to the Writs thereof to be made, upon the faid ‘ Penalties ; (2) and he that will fue in this Cafe, fhall ‘ be thereunto admitted, and fhall have for his Adtion ‘ in this Cafe a Scire facias againft him that offendeth c contrary to this Ordinance ; .(3) and if the Defend-The Penalty ou ‘ ant, duly warned in the fame, make Default, or elfe Oftendcrs.

‘ appear, and be in the fame Convidt, that then the ‘ Plaintiffs fliall recover againft them which be fo ‘ convidt, Ten Pounds to their own Ufe, over the ‘ faid 'Twenty Pounds, with their treble Damages for ‘ the Cofts or their Suits.

‘ III. And the Juftices of the King’s Bench, andTfie Knights ‘ of the Common Pleas, Juftices of Affifes, and Gaol- w^s *aU.tc

*	delivery, and Juftices of Peace in their Country'-, the'actuftonwi ‘ fhall Rave Power to inquire, hear, and determine places,

‘ of all the faid Defaults, as well by Inquiry at the ‘ King’s Suit, as by Adtion at the Suit of the Par-‘ ties ; (2) and that all fuch Expences of Knights fhall ‘ not be levied of any other Villages, Seigniories, or

*	Places, but of fuch whereof it hath 1 been levied be-

e fore this Time.

c IV. And that in every fuch Writ from henceforth to ‘ be made to levy the Wages of the faid Knights, ^	(

‘ this Adt fhall be comprehended in the. fame.’	,

nitnt of tie Jf'ires if Krigbts and B’irgifp: •»; 11rtx!cs,

C A P. XI.

The Trial fhall be, made when the Tenant or Defendant, after an I flue joined, pleadeth a foreign Plea, where the fame Writ is brought, and by the Jury fo returned. To endure to the next Parliament,

ITEM le Roi ad ordeigne et eftablie per laudtorite fuifdit, que ft afeune perfone ou perfonez, tenauntz E X f.

ou defcndauntz en afeune adtion realle ou perfonelle, apres ceo qils ount pledcz al iflue en afeun fuite ou adtion et liffue joyme et entre de record, et un venire facias de la jurcc retourne, que fils ou afeun deeux apres a autre jour en court plede afeun foreyn pie triable en afeun autre counte que lou le briefe eft porte ou la fuite pris, et lez demaundantz ou pleintifs en tielx foreinz pleez pledent a iflue ; que tiel iflue en tiel foreyn plee foit uie ou le briefe eft porte ou la fuite pris, et per mefme la jurree iffint retourne. Et que celt adt et ordeignaunce commencera a la telte dePafque que ferraen lan de noftre Seignur Jcfu Qu ilt M. CCCC. xlvj. et endurera tanque al profehein parlement.

I i I i 2.

C A P,

6 12 C. 12.

Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VI

A. D. 1444.

CAP. XII.

A Servant in Hufbandry purpofing to depart from his Mailer mull give him Half a Year’l Warning, or elfe he (hall ferve him the Year following. The feveral Wages of Servants in Hufbandry, and of Labourers, with Meat and Drink, and without.

Cotton A!S.

■Rep. 5 El, c, 4. JTEM le Roi ad ordcigne per laudlorite fuifdit, que chefcune fervaunt de hofbondrie purpofant a departicr JL de fon maifter a le fyne de fon \erme, a milieu de fon terme, ou autrement devaunt, face covenaunt ovefqe un autre honime, de luy fcrvir pur le profchein an ; fil foit en ticl cas, come la ley luy voct compeller de fcrvir; ct qc le dit fervaunt, et celluy qui iflint fra covenaunt ove luy a le mye lieu de la dit terme ou devaunt, garnifent 1c maifter du dit fervaunt de la dit covenaunt iffint de novell fait, iflint que mefme le maiftre puilfe luy purvoir un autre fervaunt encountrc le fyn de fon terme; et fi afcun covenaunt ovefqe afcun tiel fervaunt foit autrement fait, on ticl garnifhment en manere et fourrne fuifditz ne foit eu; que-mefme le covenaunt foit voide, et que mefme le fervaunt foit compelle de fcrvir fon primer maifter pur le profchein an ; finoun qc un loial et relonable caufe, efteant de puifne temps, requira le contrarie. Et auxint que lez falariez et gagez dez fervauntz laborers et artificers ncxcedent pas lalTeflaunce que enfuift; fcilicet la falarie dun baillif de hufbandrie per an xxiij.s. iiij d. et vefture price de vs. ovefque mangier et boier; de un chief hine un charetter un chief bergerx-xs. et vefture le price deiiijs. ovefqe mangier et boicr; un commune fervaunt de hufbandrie xvs. et vefture price de xld. un femme fervaunt x s. et vefture price de iiijs. ovefque maungicr et boier; un enfaunt deinz age de xiiij ansvjs. et vefture price de iij s. ovefqe mangier & boier. Mefme la fourrne foit obfervez de falarie dez fervauntz ovefqe hoftilers, vilail-lers, et artificers en citeez, burghs, et aillours efteantz. Et tielx que meyns defervient, meyns de prendre: et auxint en lieux ou meyns eft ufe deftre donez, meyns donent defore enavaunt. Et que de la feft de Pafque jefqe a le fcfte de feint Michel lez gagez dafeun frank mafon ou maiftre carpenter nexcede pas pur le jour iiijd. ovefqe mangier et boier; ct faunz mangier et boier vd. ob. un maifter tiler ou fdaiter, un rough mafon et mefne carpenter, et autres artificers concernauntz edification iij d. per le jour ovefqe mangier et boier ; et faunz mangier et boier iiij d. ob. et chefcune autre laborer per le jour ij d. ovefqe mangier et boier ; et faunz mangier et boier iijd. ob. Et de la feft de -feint Michell jefqe a la feft de Pafqe, un frank mafon et un maifter carpenter per le jour iij d. ovefqe mangier et boier; et faunz mangier et boier, iiij d. ob. tiler,, mefne carpenter, rough mafon, et autres artificers avauntditz, per le jour ij d. ob. ovefqe mangier et boier; et faunz mangier et boier iiij d. Et chefcune autre artificer et laborer per le jour j. d. ob. ovefqe mangier et boicr, et faunz mangier ct boier iij d. ct qui meinz deferve, meinz deprendre. Purveu que la dit ailef-faunce nextenda as laborers en temps dauft entour labour dauft ; en quele lez gagez dun falchier nexceda pas le jcur iiij d. ovefqe mangier et boier; et faunz mangier et boier vj d. un homme meftour ou charettour iijd. per le jour ovefqe mangier et boier; et faunz mangier et boier vd. un femme laborer, et autres laborers, en temps dauft per le jour ij d. ob. ovefqe mangier et boier; et faunz mangier et boier jiijd. ob. et tielx que fount dignez meyns, meins de prendre. Et en lieux ou rneynz eft ufe deftre pris, meyns deftre prife defore enavaunt. Et que nulle artificer, overer, ne laborer, preigne afeune chofe pur le jour feftival, ne pur le jour ferial, except folonqe la rate de le temps de le jour en quele il labour. Et ft afeune perfone refufe de fcrvir ou laborer accordant a lez -premiffez, que chefcune Juftice de la peas en lour countees eient poiar a chefcune temps, dappeller eux a examination dicelle, et tielx come ils trovent defedfifs de committer a gaole, illoques a demurer, tanqe ils ount trovez fufHceant fuerte, de fervir et laborer en fourrne per ley requis. Et fi afcun fervaunt, artificer, overer, ou laborer, face contrarie a lez premiftez, ou denia fon fervice occupation ou labour, pur reafon de noun donance dez gagez ou falariez contrarie a ceft eftatut; qil perde a la partie que voet fuer en ceft partie xxs. Et que les ditz Juftices de peas aient poiar doier et terminer toutz maners oft'enfez faitz encountre la fourrne diceft eftatut, fibien a la fuite du Roi, come a la fuite de partie. Et que chefcune de lez liegez du Roi poet aver la fuite envers chefcune perfon que of-fendra en afeune point encountre ceft eftatut; et foit le procefle en ycellc per attachement, un capias, et exigend’. Auxint que les Juftices de peas afleftent nulle fyn fur afcun que ferra convidt devaunt eux de chofe fait encountre afcun eftatut dez laborers ou artificers, ou pur cell caufe luy mettera en la grace du Roi, defoubz iij s. iiij d. Et auxint qe lez Juftices du peas per mye tout le Roialme deux temps chefcune an toutz lez eftatutz dez laborers, artificers, hoftillers, vitaillers, fervauntz, et vagerauntz, devaunt ceft temps faitz nlent revokez ovefqe ceft eftatut overtement en lour feffions facent deftre pronunciez, auxint que per colour de tenour de meyns tenementz, que la hufbandrie dicelle fuffife a continuell occupation dun homme, null homme foit excufe de fervir per lan, fur le peyne deftre juftifie come un vagerant. Auxint que Juftices de peas cient poier, de prendre toutz fervauntz retenuz ovefqe afcun perfone per colour de hufbandrie, et nient duement occupie entour ycell, quelez fervauntz doient per la ley eftre fervauntz de hufbandrie, hors de la fervice de lour maiftrez, et de eux compeller de fervir en loccupation de hufbandrie, a tielx come requirent lour fervice, et de juftifier eux en chefcune point, ficome mefmez lez Juftices ount poiar de juftifier vagerauntz. Et que ceft eftatut commence deftre de force et executorie en la feft de feinte-Michell, que ferra cn lan noftrq Seignur M. CCCC. xlvj. et en nulle manere devaunt.

C A P,

A. D. 1444.

Anno vicefimo tertio Menrici VI,

C, 13, 14.

613

CAP. XIII.

The Penalty of a Subjefi’s Taker taking any thing without the Owner’s Confent.

Cotton MS.

ITEM le Roi ad ordeigne et eftablie, per laucforite fuifdit, que fi afcun achatour ou autre officer de le Due de Gloucefter, ou dafeun autre Seignur ou perfon de quele eftate gree ou condition qil foit, pre-fuma fur luy de prendre, ou autrement preigne, afeuns vitaillez, graynez, feyne, cariagez, ou afcun autre chofe queconqe, qe foit de afcun de ]ez liegez du Roi, en afcun manere encountre lour volunte, faunz loial bargaine perentre lez ditz aclutours ou officers et la dit liege poeple de ceo deftre fait, a le ufe du dit Due ou afcun autre Seignur pur lour hoftielx, fmoun tantfoulement pur le Roi et la Roigne et lour hoftielx, que adonqes, fi notice ou requeft foit fait a le mair, vifeount, baillif, conftable, officers, ou autre de lez miniftrez du Roi, de lez citeez et burghs ou autres counteez et lieux ou tiel pris aveignera deftre,. que adonques le dit mair, vifeount, baillif, conftable, officer, et minifter, a qui tiel notice et requeft ferra fait, maintenaunt prendra et arreftera toutz tielx achatours et officers, iffint fefauntz ou trefpaffauntz, et eux mettent en le profehein prifon du Roy, illoquez a demurer, et nient deftre leffez a bailie ne maynpris, tanqe al temps qils ount rcbaillez toutz lez vitaillez, cariagez, et autres chofez iffint prifez, ou le verroie value diceux. Et fi lez ditz mair, vifeount, baillifs, conftablez, et officers avauntditz, facent le contrarie de ceo, The Forfeiture que adonques ils forferount xx li’. dount le Roi avera lime moite, et la p.artie de que tielx chofez fount pri-of officers who. fez lautre moite, fil voe.t l’uer pur un adtion de dette, en la quell le defendaunt ne fra fa ley. Et ft il neX-'o"0 rdtd voet fuer, cel luy que voet 1'uer pur le Roy et luy mefmez avera la fuite de recoverer a luy mefmez lune^^c-ife moite de ceo, et le Roi lautre moite. Et fi afcun de lez ditz achatours, autre que du Roi et du Roigne, foit duement convidt de tiel meinz loial prife come devaunt eft recite a la fuite dez tielx partiez come lue-ront envers eux en ceile partie; qadonques ils rendront a la partie que iffint fua le treble value de lez vitaillez ou autres chofez iffint prifez, et lez coftagez de lour fuitz doublcz, et pur la dit trefptts de faite fyn et raunceon- a Roi. Et que en toutz tielx adtions ou fuitz avauntditz la protection du Roi ne ferra pas al-lowe ne availlable pur le defendaunt. Et ceft ordenaunce de commencere et prendre effedh a la fefte de36RE<^ 3^ Pafque que ferra en lan noftre Seignur M. CCCC. xlvj. Purveu tout temps, que per ceft adt le puniffe-^- byiiCar. 2, men: ordeigne envers lez purv.eours du Roy en.nulle manere foit reftreint..	c.	24.

CAP:	XIV.

Who fhall be Knights for the Parliament. The Manner of their Ele&ion. The Remedy

where one is chofen and another returned.

ITEM come per audhorite dun parlement ter.uz aWeftin’ lan du reigne de le trdlionorable pier du Roi qoreft primer, entre autres chofez ordeigne fuift, que lez citezcins et burgeifez dez citecz et burghs venauntz au parlement ferroient eflieux hontmez citezeins et burgeifez refeeauntz demur-rauntz et cnfraunchifez en mefmez lez citeez et burghs, et null autres; come en mefme leftatut pluis pleynement eft conteignuz : lez queux citezeins burgeifez et nulle autres ount tout temps en citeez & burghs eftez eflieux, et as vifeountz dez counteez retournez, et fur lour retournez refeeux et acceptez per lez parlementz devaunt cez hoeurez tenuz : Et auxint come per audhorite dun parlement tenuzaWeftm’ lan du reigne le Roi qoreft oeptifme, ordeigne fuift, en quell manere ct fourme lez chivalers dez counteez a venir as parlementz enapres teniers ferrottnt eflieux, et comment lez vifeountz dez mefmez lez countez fur ceo ferroient lour retournez, come en mefme leftatut pluis pleynement appiert: per force de quele eftatut elections des chivalers a yenir a parlement afcun foitz ount eftez duement faitz et loialment retournez, tanqe a ore tarde, que diverfez vifeountz dez counteez du Roialme dEngleterre pur lour finguler availle et-lucre ne ount faitz due elections dez chivalers, ne en temps covenahle, ne bons et verroiez retournez, et afcun foitz null retournez dez chivalers citizeins et burgeifez loialment efluz pur venir as parle-inentz; ntez ount retournez tielx chivalers citi-.zeins et burgeifez, que ne furent unquez duement

“ TTE M, Whereas by Authority of a Parliament x h. 5. c. x.

“ JL holder, at IVcJimvnJier the Firft Year of the Reign iS Geo. 1. c. 18, “ of King Henry, Father to the King that now is, 10.

“ amonglt otherThings it was ordained, That the Ci-“ tizens and Burgeffes of Cities and Boroughs, coming “ to the Parliament, fhould be chofen Men Citizens 4t’ and Burgeffes refident, abiding, and free in the fame “ Cities and Boroughs, and none other, as in the fame7 h. 4. c. 15, “ Statute more fully is.contained ; (2) which Citizens 11 H. 4. c. 1.

“ and Burgeffes * have always in Cities and Boroughs*

“ been chofen by,Citizens and Burgeffes, and no other,0'4"'

“ and to the Sherift' of-the Counties returned, and 6 a. 6. c. 4.

“ upon their Returns received and accepted by the Par-“ liaments before this holden. (3) And alfo, whereas 8 H. 6. c. 7. e‘ by.Authority of a Parliament holden at IVeJiminJler,10 H- c■ 2-“ the Eighth Year of the Reign of the King that now2^ H’ S' c‘1* “ is, it was ordained in what Manner and Form the “ Knights of the Shires coming to the Parliaments “ from thenceforth to be holden ihould be chofen, and “ ho v the Sheriffs of the fame Counties thereupon “ fhould make their Returns, as in the fame Statute “ more fully appeareth ; (4) by Force of which Statute The feveral De-“ Elections of Knights to come to the Parliaments faults of Sheriffs ■' “ fometimes have been duly made, and lawfully re-V3 r.et“rnll’s of “ turned, until now of late, that divers Sheriffs of the?”’E;'Sp t!L Counties of the Realm of England, for their fingu-ment.

“ lar Avail and Lucre, have not made due Elections et of the Knights, nor in convenient Time, nor good “ Men and true returned, and fometime no Return of “ the Knights, Citizens, and Burgeffes lawfully chofen “ to come to the Parliaments; (5) but fuch Knights,

“ Citizens,.

The Statutes cf 1 H. 5. c. 1. 7 H. 4. c. 15. Sc 8 H. 6. c. 7 ■confirmed.

't'hc Sheriffs fhall Tend out Precepts to the Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities and Boroughs, to rlocl Citizens and Butgeffes to ierve in Parliament.

The Penalty on c a Sheriff making < an undue Return « of a Member of ( Parliament.

11 H. 4. c. 1. Carth. 132.	c

1 Shower 737.	c

Hob. 78.	(

1 Lev . i+.	(

3 Lev. 30.

1 Lut. 60.	c

5 Mod. 311.	5

2. Vent. 37.	.<

Farr 13.	j

Z^Salk. 50a. Carth, 232.	*

The Penalty on 4 a Mayor or Bai- < liff making an « undue Return. { 4 Mod. 129.

Citizens, and Burgeffes have been returned, which were never duly chofen, and other Citizens and Burgeffes than thole which by the Mayors and Bailiffs were to the laid Sheriffs returned ; (6) and fdmetimes the Sheriffs have not returned the Writs which they had to make Election of Knights to come to the Parliaments, but tne laid Writs have imbefilcd, and moreover made no Precept to the Mayor and Bailiff, or to the Bailiffs or Bailiff where no Mayor is, of Cities and Boroughs, for the Election of Citizens and Burgeffes to come to the Parliament, by the Colour of thel’e Words contained in the fame Writs ; Shiod in plena comitatfi iuo eligi facias pro comitatu tuo dues MAites, et pro qualibet civitatc in comitatu tuo duos Gives, et pi o quolibet bur go in comitatu tuo duos Bur-genfes; (7) and alfo becaufe fufficient Penalty and convenient Remedy for the Party in fuch Cafe grieved is not ordained in the faid Statutes againft the Sheriff, Mayors, and Bailiffs, which do contrary to the Form of the faid Statutes ‘ (8) The King confidering the Premiffes hath ordained by Authority aforefaid, That the laid Statutes (hall be duly kept in all Points ; (9) and moreover that every Sheriff, after the Delivery of any fuch Writ to him made, lhall make and deliver without Fraud a fufficient Precept under his Sea] to every Mayor and Bailiff, or to Bailiffs or Bailiff where no Mayor is, of the Cities and Boroughs within his County, reciting the faid Writ, commanding them by the fame Precept, if it be a City, to choofe by Citizens of the fame City, Citizens, and in the fame Manner and Form, if it be a Borough, by the Burgeffes of the fame, to come to the Parliament. (10) And that the fame Mayor and Bailiffs, or Bailiffs or Bailiff where no Mayor is, fhall return lawfully the Precept to the fame Sheriffs, by Indentures betwixt the fame Sheriffs and them to be made of the faid Elections, and of the Names of the faid Citizens and Burgeffes by them fo chofen, and thereupon every Sheriff (hall make a good and rightful Return of every fuch Writ, and of every Return by the Mayors and Bailiffs, or Bailiffs or Bailiff where no Mayor is, to him made, (n) And that every Sheriff at every Time that he doth contrary to this Statute, or any other Statutes for the Election of Knights, Citizens, and Burgeffes to come to the Parliament before this Time made, {hall incur the Pain contained in the faid Statute made the laid Eighth Year, and moreover fhall forfeit and pay to every Perfon hereafter chofen Knight, Citizen, or Burgefs in his County, to come to any Parliament, and not duly returned, or to any other Perfon, which in Default of fuch Knight, Citizen, or Burgefs will fue, an Hundred Pounds, whereof every Knight, Citizen, and Burgefs fo grieved, feve-rally, or any other Perfon which in their Default will fue, fhall have his Adfion of Debt againft the faid Sheriff, or his Executors or Adminiftrators, to demand and have the faid Hundred Pounds, with his Cofts lpent in that Cafe. (12) And that in fuch A£tion taken by Virtue of this Statute, the Defendant fhall not wage his Law of the Demand aforefaid in any wife, (13) and that no Defendant in fuch Adtion fnall have any Eiloin. (14) And in the fame Manner at every Time that any Mayor and Bailiffs, or Bair liffs or Bailiff where no Mayor is, fhall return other than thofe yvliich be chofen by the Citizens and Bur-

Cotton MS.

eflieux, et autres citezeins et hurgeifez, que ceux que 'per mairs et baillifs as ditz vifcou.ntz furent retournez: Et ■ afeun foitz lez vifeountz ne ount retourne les briefs qis aw.ient pur faire elections dez chivalers a venir as parlementz, einz lez ditz briefs ount embtfillez, et ouftre nulle precept as mair et baillifs, ou as baillifs 011 baillif ou mair neft, dez citeez et burghs pur eledtions dez citezeins et hurgeifez de venir as parlementz firent, per colour de ceffz parolx contenuz en lez ditz briefs, quod in pieno comitatu tuo eligi facias pro comitatu tuo duos milites et pro qualibet civitate in comitatu tuo duos cives et pro quolibet burgo in comitatu tuo duos burgenfes : Et auxint pur ceo que fufficeant peyne et covenable remedie pur la partie en tiel cas greve ne fount pas ordeignez en lez ditz eftatutz vers lez vifeountz et mairs et baillifs qui facent encountrc la fourmc dez ditz eflatutz: le Roi confiderant lez premiffez, ad ordeigne per -..uclorite fuifdit, que lez ditz eflatutz foient due-ment gardez et obfervez en toutz pointz. Et ouftre ceo que chefcune vifeount apres la livere de chefcune tiel briefe a luy fait, ferra et delivera faunz fraude un fufficeant precept defouth fon feal a chefcune mair et baillif, ou as baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, deinz citeez et burghs deinz fon countee, recitant le dit briefe, eux commandant per mefme le precept, deflier, fi foit citee, per citezeins de mefme la citee deux citezeins, et en mefme la fourme ft foit burgh, hurgeifez, de venir al parlement. Et que mefmez lez mair et baillifs, ou baillif ou mair neft, dez citeez & burghs retour-nent loialment le dit precept a mefme le vifeount per endenturez entre mefme le vifeount et eux affaire,' de lez ditz cledtions, et dez nouns dez ditz citezeins et hurgeifez iffint per eux eflutz. Et fur ceo que chefcune vifeount face bone et droit retourne de chefcune tiel briefe, et de chefcune retourne per mair et baillifs, ou baillif ou mair neft, a luy fait. Et que chefcune vifeount, a chefcune foitz qui il face le contrarie diced; eftatut ou dafeun autre eftatut pur eleftion dez chivalers citezeins et hurgeifez de venir al parlement devaunt cez boeu-rez fait, encourgc la peyne contenu en le dit eftatut fait le dit an oeptifme. Et ouftre ceo forface et paie a chefcune perfone en apres cflieu chivaler ci-tezein ou burgeis en fon counte de venir a afeun parlement, et nemye pur luy duement retourne, ou a afeun autre perfone que en defaute de tiel chivaler, citezein, ou burgeis, filer le voet Cli. dont chefcun chivaler, citezein, et burgeis iffint greve fcveralment, ou afeun autre perfone qui en lour defaulte fucr voet, eit fa aeftion de dette envers le dit vifeount, ou fez executours ou adminiftratours, a demaunder et aver lez ditz C li. ove fez coftagez en c; ft cas defpenduz. Et que cn tic] adtion pris per vertue diced: eftatut le defendaunt ne gagera fa ley de la demaunde fuifdit en null manerc. Et que nulls defendaunt en tiel adlion avera afeun effoyn. Et en mefme le manere a chefcune foitz que afeune mair ct baillifs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, retournent ou retourne autres que ceux qui font elluz per lez citezeins et burgeifez dez citeez et

burghs.

615

Cotton MS. burghs, ou tielx eledtions font ou ferront faitz, encoufge et forface a Roi xl. li. et enouftre forface ct paie a chcfcune perfone en apres eflieu citezein ou burgeis a venir al parlement, et nemye per mef-mez lez mair et baillifs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou niair neft, retourne, ou autre perfone qui en de-faulte de tiel citezein ou burgeis iffint eflieu fuer voet, xl. li. donf chefcune des citezeins et burgey-lez iffint greve feveralment, ou afcun autre perfone qui en lour defaute fuer voet, ait fa action de dette cnvers chefcune des ditz mair et baillifs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, et envers lour executours ou adminiftratours, a demaunder et aver de chefcune dez ditz mair et baillifs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, xl. li. ove fez coftagez en cell: cas ex-penduzy et que en tiel adtion de dette pris per force diced: eftatut null defendaunt gagera fa ley de la dit demaunde en null manere, ne avera afcun efloin.

Et que chefcune vifeount'qui ne face due election dez chivalers pur venir al parlement en temps covenable, fcilicet chefcune vifeount en fon pleyn counte per entre le houre de viije et le hoeure de xj5 devaunt le none, faunz collufion en cell: par-tie, et chefcune vifeount qui ne face bon et verray retourne dez tielx elections dez chivalers de venir al parlement en temps a venir, come a eux ap-partient, en manere et fourme fuifditz, forface envers le Roi C. li. et encourge la peyne de C. li. a pnier a celluy qui voet fuer envers luy, fez executours ou adminiftratours, pur ceft caufe, per voie dadtion de dette, ove fez coftagez cn celle partie expenduz fans gager de ley de cclle de-maunde, ou aver efloin, come devant eft dit.

Purveu tcrutz foitz, que chefcun Chivaler, Citezein, et Burgeis, pur venir a afcun parlement en temps aveigner a tenir, en due fourme eflieu, et noun pas retourne come defuis eft dit, commence fa action de dette fuifdit deinz trois mois apres vnefme le parlement commence, a proceder en la dit fuite effedtuelment, faunz fraude; et fi iffint ne face, eit un autre qui fuer le voet le dit adtion de dette, come devaunt eft dit, de aver et reco-verer mefme la fomme, ove fez coftagez en ceft partie difpenduz, cn manere et fourme avauntdit ;■ iffint que null defendaunt en tiel adtion gagera fa ley, ne foit elToin en null manere, come defuis eft dit. Et fi afeune Chivaler, Citezein, ou Burgeis, en temps aveignir retourne per le vifeount de venir al parlement en la manere fuifdit, apres tiel retourne per afcun perfone foit oufte, et un autre mys en fon lieu; que tiel perfone iffint mys en le lieu ceftuy qui efte oufte, fil accepte fur luy deftre Chivaler, Citezein, ou Burgeis, a afcun parlement en temps avenir, forface devers le Roy C. li. et C. li. al Chivaler, Citezein, ou Burgeis, iffint retourne per le vifeount, et apres come devaunt eft dit oufte. Et que ceft Chivaler, Citezein, ou Burgeis, qui eft iffint oufte, avera adtion de <Jette dez mef-mez C. li. vers tiel perfone iffint mys en fon lieu, fez executours ou adminiftratours. Purveu toutz fb:tz, que il commence fa fuite deinz trois moys 2pres le parlement commence ; et ft il ne face, que eelluy qui voet fuer avera action de. dette dez meft-

4 geftes of the Cities or Boroughs where fuch Eledtions 4 be or (hall be made, fhall incur and forfeit to the 4 King Forty Pounds ; and moreover fhall forfeit and 4 pay to every Perfon hereafter chofen Citizen or Bur-4 gefs to come to die Parliament, and not by the fame 4 Mayor and Bailiff, or Bailiffs or Bailiff where no 4 Mayor is, returned, or to any other Perfon which in 4 Default of fuch Citizen or Burgefs fo chofen will 4 fue. Forty Pounds, whereof every of the Citizens and 4 Burgefles fo grieved feverally, or any other Perfon 4 which in their Default will fue, fhall nave his Adtion .

4 of Debt againft every of the faid Mayor and Bailiffs,

4 or Bailiffs of Bailiff where no Mayor is, againft their 4 Executors or Adminiftrators, to demand and have of 4 every the faid Mayors and Bailiffs, or Bailiffs or Bai-4 liff where no Mayor is, Forty Pounds, with his 4 Cofts in this Cafe expended) (15) and that in fuch 4 Adtion of Debt, taken by Force of this Statute, no 4 Defendant in any wife fhall wage his Law of the faid 4 Demand, nor have any Effoin.

4 II. And that every Sheriff that maketh no due Aevhat Time 4 Eledtion of Knights to come to the Parliament in the Diiy the 4 convenient Time, that is to fay. Every Sheriff in his	f?rkthe'

4 full County, betwixt the Hour of Eight and the Hour3 e 4 of Eleven before Noon, without Collufion in this 4 Behalf; (2) and that every Sheriff that maketh not 4 good and true Return of fuch Eledtions of Knights 4 to come to the Parliament' in Time to come, as to 4 them pertaineth, in Manner and Form aforefaid ;

4 fhall forfeit to the King an Hundred Pounds, and 4 alfo fhall incur the. Pain of an Hundred Pounds to 4 be paid to him that will fue againft him, hisJExecu-4 tors or Adminiftrators, for this Caufe, by Way of 4 Adtion of Debt, with his Cofts in this Behalf ex-4 pended, without waging of Law of. his Demand, or 4 having Effoin,. as afore is faid.

4 III. Provided always, That every Knight, Citi- Su!tst0 he com— 4 zen, and Burgefs to come to any Parliament here- ^rce'^'mlis 4 after to be holden, in due Form chofen and not re- 3fter tj,c parlia— 4 turned as afore is faid, fhall begin his Adtion ofDebtment begun,

4 aforefaid within three Months after the lame Par-4 liament commenced, to proceed in the fame Suit 4 effedtually without Fraud; (2) and ifhe fo do not,

4 another that will fue fhall have the faid Adtion of'

4 Debt (as it is before faid) and fhall recover the fame 4 Sum with his Cofts fpent in this Behalf, in Manner 4 and Form aforefaid, fo that no Defendant in fuch 4 Adtion fhall- wage his Law, nor be effoined in any 4 wife, as afore is faid. (3) And if any Knight, Ci- The Penalty if-'

4 tizen, or Burgefs, hereafter returned by the Sheriffany cJto(fn 4 to come to the Parliament in the Manner aforefaid, citizen,n'orBur~-4 after fuch Return, he by any Perfon put out, andgefs, be put cut-,, 4 another put in his Place, that fuch Perfon-fo put in and another pot:

4 the Place of him which is out, if he take upon himin his 4 to be Knight,. Citizen, or Burgefs, at any Parlia-4 ment in Ti re to come, fhall forfeit to the "King an 4 Hundred Pounds, and an Hundred Pounds to the 4 Knight, Citizen, or Burgefs fo return d by the She-4 riff, and- after, as afore is faid, put out. (4) And 4 that the Knight, Citizen, or. Burgefs which is fo put 4 out fhall have an Adtion of Debt of the fame C li.

4 againft fuch Perfon put in his Place, his Executors,

4 or Adminiftrators; (5) provided, always,. That, he 4 fhall begin his Suit within Three Months after the 4 Parliament commenced ; (6) and ifhe do not, then..

4- he that will fue fhall have an Adlioa of Debt of the.

^ Cjn n f>

.	Cotton	AfS.

4 fameC li. againft him which is put in Place of him ' mez !ez C. li. envers ceftuy qui eft rnys en le lieu ' that is fo put out after fuch Return, his Executors, * ceftuy qui eft iffint apres tiel retourne ouftc, fez 4 or Adminiftrators, and that no Defendant in fuch ! executours ou adrniniftratours. Et que null de-‘ Adlion fhall wage his Law, nor be eftoined ; (7) j fendaunt en tiel aftion gagera fa ley, ne foit ef-Whst Sorts of 4 and that fuel) Procefs fhall be in the Actions afore- ! foin, et que autiel procelfe foit en Ies adfions d'ofen Knights' ' as a Writ of Trefpafs done againfl the Peace 1 avauntditz, come eft en briefe de trefpas fait en-of the Shires. * at the Common Law ; (8) fo that the Knights of the 1 countre la peas de la commune ley. Iffint que lez, 4 Shires for the Parliament hereafter to be chofen, j Chivalers dez Counteez pur le parlement enapres 4 fhall be notable Knights of the fame Counties for the . a efliers foient notablez Chivalers dez mefmez lez ‘ which they fhall be chofen, or otherwife fuch nota- ; counteez, pur lez queux ils ferront iffint efluz, ou * Aid of Birth 4 ble Efquires, .Gentlemen * of the fame Counties, as autrement tielx notablez efquiers, gentils hommez 4 fhall be able to be Knights; (9) and no Man to be ' del nativite, dez mefmez lez counteez, come 4 fuch Knight which ftandeth in the Degree of a Yeo- foient ablez deftre chivalers, et null homme deftre sfc"26." 3j//! *'man’ anc* undcr.’	■	tiel chivaler qui eftoife en la degree de vadlet et

s’, f. 11’. i	1	defouth.

U'. 3, c. 4j 7j & 25. 10 Ann* c. 23. iz Ann. fat. 1. c. 5, 19 Geo. 2. c. 2$.. and 3I Geo. 2. c. 14. for the due EleSlhn rf Knights of the Shires, ©V.

C A P. XV.

The Duty of a Gauger, and when he fhall have his Gauge Penny.

3-7 Ed. i-flat. 1. c. S.

31 Ed. %.fiat. I. 4 o 5-	•«

4 R. I. c. 1.	«

iS H. 6. c. 17. c

Confirmed by i R.

3.. c. 13 and zSH. 8. e. i+.

■* YTEM, The King hath ordained and eftablifhed 4 I by the Authority aforefaid, l hat the Penny, 4 which is called the Gauge Penny, fhall not be paid 4 to the Gauger, nor to any other in his Name, until 4 he or his Deputies have gauged the Wines, and then 4 he to take and receive his Penny for the fame in 4 Gree, without more Increafe or Advantage to claim 4 for it; (2) and alfo that he or his Deputy be ready 4 to do the Office of. Gauger in all Places, when he to 4 that by the Party fhall be required'; (3) and that to 4 be obferved through all the Realm of England, upon 4 the Pain comprifed in the Statute made the Seven and twentieth Year of the noble King Edward the Third, of the gauging of Red "Wine and White Wine, duly.to be executed.’

ITEM le Roi ad ordeigne et purveu per laudlo-rite fuifdit, que le denier que eft appelle le gauge peny ne foit paie a le gaugeour, ne a afeun autre en fon noune, tanqe il ou fon deputee eit gauge lez vinez, et adonques luy de prendre et refeeiver fon denier pur ceo, en gree, faunz pluis. encrcce ou avauntage pur ceo claymer. Et auxint qil foit preft, ou fon deputee, de faire foffice dc. gaugeour en toutz lieux, quant il a ceo per la partie foit requis ; et ceo deftre obfervez per mye tout lc Roialme du Roi, fur la peyne comprife en leftatut fait lan xxvij. du.Roy Edward le tierce, de gaugier dez vinez rouge et blanc, duement ellre execut.

c a p. xvr.

When and where an E'fcheator fhall take his Inqueft of Office, and his Fee.

■34 'E'1- 3- «• ri-4 Enforced by I H, c 8. r. 8. whiub _c is mode perpetual by 3 H. u. c. 2. C

Leafes Ihr.11 be matfe to thofe f which do tender a Tr jverfe to an c Office.	<

34 Ed. 3. c. 14. c .36 Ed. 3. c. 1:.

?. H. 6. c. 16. iZ H. 6. t. 6.

ITEM, It is ordained, by Authority aforefaid, That every Efcheator fhall take his Inquefts of Office by virtue of fhe Writs of Diem claujii extremum, and all other Writs, within the Month after the Delivery of fuch Writs,. (.2) and alfo that all fuch Inquifitions fhall be taken in good Towns and open Places (3)' and that none of them fhall take privily nor openly by him,, nor by any Perfon, for the Execution of any fuch Writs in one County, nor by the Occafion thereof, above the Sum■ of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, or Thirteen 'Shillings and Pour Pence, or above, where his Labour and his Cofts fhall require it; fo that the Sum which he fo fhall take do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Forty Shillings, for the Execution of any fuch Writ in one County; (4.) and if any Efcheator do contrary to any of the Premifies, that then he fhall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

4 II. And if any. Man traveife an Office taken be-forcany Efcheator orCommiffioner, and-thereof hath a Scire facias againfl any Patentee, that in this Cafe no Protection fhall be allowed, nor allowable; (2)' and as tf) any Grant or Lcafe to be made to any Perfon which fnail trayerfe any fuch Office, that the

TEM ordeigne eft per laudlorite fuifdit, que chefcune efehetour preigne fez enqueftez dof-fice per vertue dez briefest de diem cl a 11 fit extremum, et totitz autres briefs, deinz le mois apres la deliveraunce dautielx briefs, et auxint que toutz autielx inquifitions foient prifez en bonez villez, & lieux overtez ; et que nulle de eux preigne, privement ne appiert, per luy ne per autre, ne per afeune mefne perfone, pur lexecution des af-cunes: tielx- briefs en un counte, ne per loecafion de ceo, ouftre la fomme de vi. s. viij. d. ou-xiij. s. iiij. d. ou defouth lou fon labour et fez collages ceo demaurtderent, iffint que la fomme qil autiel-ment prendra nexceda en tout la fortune de xl. s. pur lez executions dafeune tiel brief en un coun-tee. Et fi afeune efehetour face le contrarie daf-cune de lez premifiez, que adonques il forfaoe la fomme de xl. li. Auxint que fi afeune homme traverfe afeun office prife devaunt afeun efehetour oucommiffioner, ct dent eit afeun Scire facias envers- afeun patentee, que en cell cafe null protection foit aliowe 11c allowable. Et quant a afeun graunt ou leez a faire a afeune perfone qui tra-verfa .afeun .tiel office,, que kftatutz en tiel cas devaunt

Cotton Jl'IS. vaunt cell eftatut faitz foient duement obfervcz ; -et que le Roi eit la moite de la dit forfaiture dc xl. li. et que la partie qui en cell partie voet fuer pur le Roi et luy naefme eit lautre moite dicelle.

‘ Statute in that Cafe, before this Time made, lhall ‘ be duly obferved : (3) And that the King lhall have ‘ the Half of the faid Forfeiture of Forty Pounds, and ‘ the Party, which in this Behalf will fue for the King ‘ and himfelf, lhall have the other Half of the fame.’

CAP. XVII.

No new Impofitions lhall be laid upon them which buy Wines in Gafcoyn or Guyen, by any of the King’s Officers in thofe Parts, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds, and treble Damages. See Appendix.

617

■Statutes made at St. Edmundsbury, Anno 25 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1447.

All Statutes made againft Weljhmen confirmed. All Grants of Markets and Fairs to any ■Weljhman lhall be void. The King’s Villains in North IVales lhall be conltrained to fuch Labour as they have done before. See Appendix.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 27 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1448.

Ex Rot. in' Turr. Lond.

ATJ parlement tenuz a Wcllm’ le xij. jour de Febr. Ian du reigne nolire Seignur le Roy Henry vjc apres le conquell xxvij° ■mefme nolire Seignur le Roy del advis & affent des Seignurs efpirituell & temporell Sc lez Communes -elleantz en le dit parlement & par audiorite de ■mefme le parlement ad fait ordener Sc ellablier di-verfes ordinances 2c ellatutes en lez manere Sc vfourme enfuantz.

“	T	the	Parliament	holden	at	Wejbninjhr	the

iC /-\ Twelfth Day of February, the Seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of our Lord “ King Henry the Sixth after the Conquell, the fame “ our Lord the King, by Advice and Affent of the “ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons “ being in the fame Parliament, hath ordained and ef-“ tablilhcd divers Ordinances and Statutes in Manner “ and Form following.”

C A P. I.

If Woollen Cloths manufactured in England lhall be prohibited in Brabant, Holland, and Zealand, then no Merchandife growing or wrought there within the Dominion of the Duke of Burgoin lhall come into England upon Pain of Forfeiture.

PRimerement pur ceo qe uhc cerfeine ordenaunce ad ellee proclamee publiee Sc ellroitement gardee en E X i*.

lez partiez 'de Brabant Holland & Zeland qe null manere de draps de lain fait en cell Roialmc dEn- C°nf- fcr f!veo gleterre ne viendra en lez ditz parties la ellre vendues afcunment fur peine de forfaiture de mefme le draps piir}J”se^y6 c 1 quoy le Roi nolire dit foveraigne Seignur pur caufe qell expreffement encountre lez trieux Sc appointementezl^ 4 gdw‘. 4, faitz & pris entre fes Roialmes terrcs & fubgettes dune partie et les terres les quelx le Due de Burgoigne tientc. 5.

& occupie de lautre partie plufours foitz devaunt cell temps ad fait eferipre fes lettres requifitories & envoya fes meffages pur due reformation pur avoire elle eue en cell partie de quoy unquore null due addrefle ell ewe a trefintollerable damage de toutz les communes de cell Roialme par caufe qe plufours faifours de draps' cellalTavoir hommes textours fullons & tindluriers & femmes pingnereffes cardoreffes & filerelles & autres achatours & vendours dicell tielx qi ne fcavent null autres occupations de verraie necellite font conftiaintez pur leur vivre a faire les occupations et tielx deulx qe ne feevent afaire nul autres occupations deviener.t come udife poeple le quel les provoque a pecchi & mavais vie. Le Roy confiderant les premifles ad ordeigne par laudlorite defuifdit qe fil ne foit qe due continuell reformation foit fait es ditz parties de Brabant Holland & Zeland de la dit ordeignaunce entry cy & le fell de Seint Michell profehein venant Ainfi qe tout manere de draps de lain faitz en cell Roialme poet venir & ellre accepte eh mefmes les parties de Holland Brabant Sc Zeland la ellre uttrees & vendues auxi franchement come afeuns autres merchandifes qe lors pur defaultc , de tiel'reformation en cell partie null manere des merchaundifes ne biens del croill’ance ne overaygne des terres & parties les quelx le dit Due tient & occupie viegne en le dit Roialme dEngleferre apres le dit fell fur peine de forfaiture de les merchandifes ceftafiavoir lune moite de ceo au Roy 2c lautre moitce de ceil a oe-V0E..I.	Kkkk	luy

61 8 C. 2—5. Anno vicefimo feptimo Henrici VI. A. D. 144S.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

luy qi primerement feifera les ditz merchaundifes en quelxconqes mayns qils foient troves. Et qe overte proclamation foit fait fur ceo entre cy & lc xvmc jour du July profchein venant dedeins la citee de Loundres & autres lieux neceflaries Sc convenientez a ceo. Et fi afcune fuyte foit comence en apres pur caufe dafcune tiell feyfyn cn quel afcune iflue concernant cell able ferra prife qe la dit iffue foit trie en le countee ou la dit feifyn eft ewe et en null autre lieu ceft ordeignaunce dendurer jufques au profchein parlement.

CAP. II.

No Licence fhall be available to carry Wools, Fells, or Tin to any Place out of the Realm,

but to Calais. See Appendix.

CAP. III.

Merchants Aliens fhall bellow all their Money upon other Merchandifes, and carry forth no Gold or Silver, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof.

i x i».

4	Inft. 51.

+ H. 4- c. >5.

5	H. 4. c. 9. 17 Ed. 4. c. x. 3 H. 7. c. S.

ITEM qe ou il eft ordeigne par eftatute fait en lan quart du reigne le Roy Henry le quart le noble pro-genitour du noftre foveraygne Seignur le Roy qoreft qe toutz merchauntz aliens eftraunges & deinfzeins qi amelhent afeuns merchaundifes en Engleterre & les vendent dedeins le dit Roialmc tout la money pur les ditz merchaundifes refeeu ou a refeevoir mettent a employer pur autres merchaundifes dEngleterre a carier hors de ceft Roialme faunz emporter ovefqe eux afcune ore ou argent en coigne plate ou mafle hors du dit Roiaime fur peyne de forfaiture dicell ceft eftatute nient obftant diverfez merchauntz aliens eftranges & deinfzeins journelment cn diverfez portes hables & crekes & autres lieux deins le'dit Roialme apportent frument blees Sc autres merchaundifes & vitaill pur les quelx ils refeeivent ore & argent Sc ycell charroyount ovefqe eux hors du dit Roialme faunz afcune emploiement du dit ore & argent pur afeuns merchaundifes de ceft Roialme en graunde damage & empoveryfhement du ceft Roialme Sc diminution du coigne du Roy en de-faulte de due ferche eue des cuftumers countrollours & fercheours des tielx portes hables crekes Sc autres lieux ou cuftumers countrollours Sc fercheours ount poiar Sc audlorite de faire Sc executer lour offices. Noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy confiderant les premifles ad ordeigne par laudtorite defuifdit qe fi afeuns merchauntz aliens Sc eftraunges amefnent apportent 011 charroient afcune frument bles ou afeuns autres merchaundifes ou vitaill en afcune hable port ou creke ou autres lieux de ceft Roialme qe le maire baillifs portrefs cuftumers controllours Sc fercheours Sc autres officers illoefqes de dit port hable ou creke ou autres lieux eient Sc chefcun deux eit pleyn aublorite & poiar darefter & feifer toutz ies niefs barges Sc autres vef-feaux charges Sc frettz ove frument hies ou afeuns autres merchaundifes ou vitaill apportez en ceft Roialme' dafcune pais hors de ceft dit Roialme a vendre Sc dapprendre fufficiant fuertee de toutz les ditz merchauntz aliens Sc eftraunges pur le dit frument blees & autres merchaundifes & vitaille ainfi apportes par les ditz merchauntz aliens Sc eftraunges venauntz Sc repairantz as ditz portz hables Sc crekes Sc autres lieux de ceft dit Roialmc qe la money qe ferra prife ou refeeu pur le dit frument blees Sc autres merchaundifez ou vitaille ferra emploie fur les merchaundifez & commoditees de ceft Roialme faunz fraude fubtilitee ou male engyne. Et ft afcuiie ore ou argent en coigne plate ou mafle par merchauntz aliens eftranges ou deinfzeins foit carie hors de ceft Roialme prife Sc refeeve pur frument blees ou afeuns autres merchaundifez ou vitaill apportes en ceft Roialme dafcune autre pais hors de ceft dit Roialme en contrarie de cell: ordeignaunce defuis recitee qil lirra a chefcun perfone de purfuer adtion de dette encountre toutz tielx cuftumers countrollours Sc ferchours & chefcun deux en coignifance & defaute dc qi ou de queux encountre leur office afcune tiele ore ou argent en coigne plate ou mafle eft eue Sc cariez hors de ceft Roialmc deftre purfue .en tielx countees la ou tielx frument blees ou afcune autre merchaundife ou vitaill eft apportez Sc mys a vende et en la dit aftion ferra fon demaunde du fomme amountaunt a la value du dit frument Sc blees merchaundifez ou vitaill. Et qe lez parties ou partie qe eft ainfl fue & primerement appiert ferra mys a refpondre en la dit adfion & ne gaigera. point fa ley en la dit adtion ne efl'on ne prote&ion en mefrne lrdtion ferra pur luy ou par afcune deux al-louee. Purveu toutz foitz qe ceft ordeignaunce commencera Sc ferra en fa force a la xv171' del Pafke profchein venant Sc foy endurera jufqes au profchein parlement. Et qe proclamation de ceo foit fait devaunt le dit xvmc en toutz parties de ceft Roialme ou frument blees Sc autres merchaundifes ou vitaill fount ou ler-rount apportez en ceft Roialme dafeuns pais hors de ceft Roialme.

CAP. IV.

A Rehearfal and Confirmation for Three Years of the Statute of 20 Hen. 6. cap. 3. provided againfi: Weljhmen that take any Englifomen, their Goods and Chatties, and carry them into Wales. See Appendix.

C A P. V.

U

w

M

Certain Days wherein Fairs and Markets ought not to be kepr.

ITEM, Confidering the abominable Injuries and Offences done to Almighty God, and to his Saints, always Aiders and Angular Ailifters inourNeceflities,

ITEM confideratis abhominabilibus injuriis & offenfis omnipotenti Deo noftro Sandtifque fuis noftris femper in neceffitatibus adjutoribus & fuc-

curforibus

Ex Rot_, in 'Turr. Lond. curforibus ftngularibus caufa feriarum & merca-torum fuper eorum fiimma & principalia fefta veluri in fefto Afcenfionis Domini die corporis Chrifti die Pentecoftes die Dominica Sandte Tri-nitatis cum aliis diebus Doiiiinicis Ac etiam in fumrno fefto Affumptionis beate Marie die Omnium Sandtorum & in die Parafceues confuetu-dinaliter miferrime in regno Anglie tentorum & ufitatorum fadtis Si perpetratis in quibus prin-cipalibus feftivalibufque diebus pro magna cupi-ditate terrena populus voluntarie plus vexatus & in labore corporali deturbatus exiftit quam aliis diebus ferialibus \idelicet in infigendo Si facicndo bothas Si ftallas portando Si vehendo levando Sc collocando mercimonia fua extrorfum Si domor-fum quafi niehi! habentes in memoria horribilem inquinationem animaruin fuarum in emptione & venditione deceptivis multimodis mendaciis Sc falfo per|urio cum ebrietate Si contentionibus & fpe-ciahter feipfos Sc eorum fervientes a divino ferviiio fubtrahendo prefatus dominus Rex de avifamento & affenlu dominorum fpiritualium & temporalium ac Communitatis regni fui Anglie in dicto parli-amento exiftentium nec non autoritate ejufdem parliament ordinavit quod omnimoda ferie Sc mcr-cata in didtis principalibus feftis & diebus Domi-nicis ac die Parafceues penitus ceflent ab omnimoda monftratione aliquorum bonorum vel mer-c'andifarum neceflariis vidtualibus exceptis fub pena forisfadture omnium bonorum predidtorum fic monftratorum domino franchefie ubi hujufinodi bona in contrarium iftius ordinationis funt vel erunt monftrata quatuor diebus Dominicis in au-tUmpno exceptis. Nichilominus ex fua gratia fpeciali audtoritate fupradicla concedcns poteftatem illis qui ex antiquo nullum diem ad tenendum feriam vel mercatuin fjum nifi .folummodo fuper diebus feftivalibus predicts habent ad tenendum ea audtoritate Sc vigore antique conc.eilionis fue infraires dies prox’ aute fefta predidta vel prox’ poll cum pro-clamatione prius facta ad ftmplicem vulgarcm popu-lum fuper quern diem feria predicta tenebitur temper certiorand’ abfque aliquo fine feu feodo ad ufum do-mini Regis capiendo. Et illi qui habent ex antiquo per fpecialem conceffionem dies fufficientes ante fu-pradidta fefta vel poft'plenum niimcrum dierum fuc-rutn obfervent confimili fupradidto modo ad tenend’ fuas ferias vel mercata didtis diebus feftivalibus & Dominicis ac die Parafceues exceptis.

Provifo femper quod prefens ordinatio incipiat fumere effedtum ad feftum fandti Michaelis proximo futurum Si non ante Sc durabit ufque ad proxi-mum parliamentum Sc fic deinde nifi in didto prox’ pariiamento allegetur monftretur & probetur caufa rationabilis pro qua videbitur non expediens quod ordinatio predidta fic perdurabit.

u becaufe of Fairs and Markets upon their high and “ principal Feafts, as in the Feaft of the AjccnJion of “ our Lord, in the Day of Corpus CbrilVi, in the Day of “ JRhitfumtoy, in ‘Trinity-Sunday, with other Sundays,

“ and alfo in the high Feaft o’f the AJJumption of our ££ Blefled Lady, the Day of Ail-Saints, and on Good-££ Friday, accuftomably and miferahly holden and ufed “ in the Realm of England; in which principal and “ feftival Days, for great earthly Covetife, the People ££ is more willingly vexed, and in bodily Labour foiled,

“ than in other ferial Days, as in fattening and making “ their Booths and Stalls, hearing and carrying, lifting “ and placing their Wares outward and homeward, as ££ though they did nothing remember the horrible defi-££ ling of their Souls in buying and felling, with many ££ deceitful Lyes, and falfe Perjury, with Drunkennels ££ and Strifes, and fo fpecially withdrawing theinfelves “ and their Servants from divine Sendee ■” ‘ (z) the ‘ forefaid Lord the King, by the Advice and Affent £ of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Com-£ mons.of this Realm of England, being in the faidPar-‘ liament, and by Authority of the fame Parliament,

£ hath ordained, That all Manner of Fairs and Markets The Penalty ‘ in the faid principal Feafts and Sundays, and Good-£,;ule "ho fiuil ‘ Friday, ftiall dearly ceafe from all lliewing of any ^ep.Falts ur ‘ Goods or Merchandifes (neceflary Vidua] only ex- Sn'jJnl UP°*

£ cept) upon Pain of Forfeiture of all the Goods afore-‘ faid, fo fhewed, to the Lord of the Franchife or ‘ Liberty where fuch Goods, contrary to this Ordi-£ nance, be or fhall be fhewed (the Four Sundays in ‘ Harveft except.) (3) Neverthelefs, of his fpecial ‘ Grace, by Authority aforefaid, granteth to them ‘ Power, which of old Time had no Day to hold their ‘ Fair or Market but only upon the Feftival Days £ aforefaid, to hold by the fame Authority and Strength ‘ of his old Grant, within Three Days next before the ‘ faid Feafts, or next alter. Proclamation firft made to the £ fimple common People, upon which D.<y the aforefaid £ Fair {hall be holden, always to be certified, without £ any Fine or Fee to be taken to the King’s Ufe. (4)

£ and they which of old Time have, by fpecial Grant,

£ fufficient Days before the Feafts aforefaid, or after,

£ ftiall in like Manner as is afore faid, hold their Fairs £ and Markets the full Number of their Days, the laid £ Feftival Days and Sundays, and Good-Fiidays, iex-c cept.’

£ II. Provided always,-That this prefent Ordinan -c £ fhall begin to take Effect at the Feaft of St. Michael, £ next coming, and not before, and ftiall endure until £ the next Parliament, and fo forth, except in the faid £ Parliament a reafonable Caufe be alledged, fhewed, £ and proved, for the which it fhall feem not expedi-£ ent that the forefaid Ordinance fo fhall endure.’

C A P. VI.

The King’s Pardon granted to all Priefts, as well Secular as Religious, of feveral Offences,

Forfeitures, (Ac. See Appendix.



K k k k 2

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 28 Hen. VI. and

Anno Dom.. 1449.

“ / d IO the Honour of God and of holy Church, “	I	and for the common Wealth and Profit of all

*e	-a.	the Realm of England, our Lord the King,

“ Henry the Sixth after the Conqueft, by Advice and “ Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at “ the fpecial Inftance and Requeft of the Commons in the Parliament alfembled of our Sovereign Lord “ the King that now is, holder, at IVeJtminJler the “ Sixth Day of November, the Eight and twentieth “ Year of his Reign, by Authority of the fame Par-“ liament, hath. ordained and eftabliftied certain Ordi-nances and Statutes in Manner and Form follow-“ ing.”

Ex Ret. in 7'urr. Lond.

AL honour de Dieu & de feint eglife & pur les commune bien & profit de tout le Roialme dEngleterre Nofire Seignur le-1 Roy Henry puis le conquefte fifme del ad vis Sc' aflent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a les efpecialx inftance & req.ueft des Communes af-femblez au fon parlement tenuz a Weftin’ le fifme jour de Novemb’ !an de fon reigne xxviij'1’6 par laudforite de mefme le parlement ad ordeignez & eftabliez certeins eftatutz & ordenaunces par. ma-nere qe enfiiit..

c a p. r.

A Rehearfal and Confirmation for Seven Years of the Statute of 27 Hew. 6. cap. 1. prohibiting the Merchandifes of Holland\ Zealand, and Brabant to be brought into this Realm,, until Englijh Cloth may be fold there-

E x,P.

4 Ed. 4. c. 5.

PRimerement qe come a fon parlement tenuz a Weft’m’ lan de fon reigne xxvijme pur caufe de ccrteim ordenaunce eue proclamee publiee & eftroitement gardee en les parties de Braband Holand & Zeland qe null manere de draps de lain fait en ceftRoialme dEngleterre ne viendroit en les ditz parties illeoqes eftre vendues acunement fur peine de forfaiture de mefme le draps pur quoy noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy pur caufe qil fuift exprell’ement encountre les trieues & appointement faitz & pris entre fes Roialmes terres & fubgiettes dune party & les terres queux leDuke de Burgoyne tient & occupie en lautre partie plufours foitz devaunt cell temps faifoit eferipre fes lettres requilitories & envoia fes meffages pur due reformation pur avoir efte eue en cell partie dount uncore null due redreffe eft eue a trefintollerable damage de toutz les communes de ceft Roialme pur caufe qe plufours faifours de draps ceftaflavoir hommes tifferans foullons & tindluriers et femmes pingnereffes cardoreffes & filereffes & autres achatours & vendours dicell tielx qi ne feevent nulls autres occupations de verraie neceffite font conftraintz pur leur vivre a faire les occupations et tielx deux qi ne feevent null autres occupations devienent come udife poeple le quell les provcque a pecchie & mavais vie et fur ceft confideration en le dit parlement le dit an xxvij' eftoit ordeignez qe n enfi neftoit qe due continuell reformation feuffet fait en les ditz parties de Brabant Holand & Zeland de la dite ordenaunce entre cell temps et le feftde Seint Michell donqes profehein enfuant Ainfi qe tout maner de draps de lain fait en ceft Roialme peuffet venir & eftre accepte en les mefmes parties de Brabant Holand &Zeland-3a eftre uttrees & venduz auxi franchcment come afeunes autres merchandifes qe lors pur defaute de tiell reformation en cell partie null manere dez merchaundifes ne biens del croiffance ne overaigne dez terres & parties les queux le dit Due tient & occupie ne viendroit en le dit Roialme puis le dit fell fur peine de for-faiture de les merchaundifes ceftaflavoir June moite de ceo au Roy & lautre moite de cco a celluy qi pri-merement feiferoit les ditz merchandifes en quelxconqes mains qe ils ferroient troveez etqe fur ceo overt .proclamation ferroit fait entre cell temps & le quinzifme jour de Juill adonqes. profehein enfuant dedeins laCitee de Loundres & autres lieux necelfaries & convenientez a ceo. Et ft afeune fuyte fesroit commence apres cell temps eue par caufe de afeune tiel feifyn en quell afeune iffue concernant cell ordinance ferroiet prife qe le dite iliue ferroiet trie en le countee ou In dite feifyn ferroiet eue & en null autre lieu le quell ordenaunce lendureroit jufqes a’profchein parlement... Et pur ceo qe par la fommonce & commencement du ceft prefenfc. parlement la dite ordenaunce foit pleinement expiree & determinee null due reformation del partie du dit-Due de let premifles enqwore eue. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant les premiffes del advis & aflent & lauclorite defuifditz ad ordeine & eftablie qe overt proclamation foit fait en la Citee de Loundres & autres lieux neceflaries & convenientez a ceo entre ceo & le felt de Seint Peer lad vincle proehein venaunt qe fi ainft-foit qe due continuell reformation ne foit fait & eue en les ditz parties de Brabant Holand & Zeland entre ceo ii le fell de Seint Michell donqes profehein enfuant Ainfi qe tout maner de draps de laine fait en ceft Roialme poet venir & eftre acceptee en les mefmes parties du Brabant Holand & Zeeland la eftre uttrees & venduz auxi franchcment come afeuns autres merchaundifes qe lors pur defaute de tiel reformation en 'cell , rartic null manere des merchaundifes ne biens del croiflanee tie overaigne des terres & parties queux le dit Due tient & occupie viendront en ceft, Roialme apres le dit feft. de Seint Michell fur peine de forfaiture de les merchaundifes ceftaflavoir lune moite de ceo au Roy & lautre moite de ceo a celluy qi primerement fei-fera les ditz merchaundifes en quelxconqes mains qils foient trouves et fi afeune fuyte foit commence en apres pur caufe dafeune tiel feilinc en quell afeune iflue concernant ceft ordenance ferra prife qe le dit iflue foit trie en 1c countce ou la dite feifine eft cue & cn null autre lieu et qe ceft ordenaunce endurera pur fept ans fi due reformation nc foit fait dedeins tell temps.

CAP,

A, D. 1449

Anno vicefimo o£avo Henrici VI

C. 2—5.	621

CAP. II.

The Penalty for taking any Perfons Horfes or Cart without the Delivery of the Owner, or fome Officer, or for taking Money to fpare them.

I

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

TEM qe come diverfes hoftillers brafiers & autres vitaillers gardauntz hoftries Sc autres meafons de retaill ®R-des vitailles en diverfes lieux en cell Roialme ont purchafes lettres patentz du Roy afcunes a eux pur12 Car'2‘ c‘24‘ terme de vie et afcunes a eux & autres jointement pur terme de lour vies pur apprendre chevaulx Sc char-rettes pur cariage du Roy Sc la Roigne pluis pur lour fubtiel & fenglere lucre Sc prouffit qe pur afcun foiall fervice du Roy ou de Roigne par colour des queux lettres patentes ils journelment preignont chevaulx'& charrettes ou qe null bofoigne foit et eux amefnent as lour hoftries Sc autres lieux de lour affinitee et il-loeqes eux fecretement gardent afcun foitz jufqes a tant qils ont defpenduz vint deniers ou quarant deniers de leur ftuffe Sc afcune foitz pluis Sc donqes facent les poliefTours des ditz cheveaux Sc charettes pur ceo ap-paier devaunt qe ils poientgaigner deliverance de lour chevaulx Sc charettes & afcuns jufqes a tanqe ils ount faitz fyne ovec eux pur tielx chevaulx & charrettes a leur voluntee et dafcun people du Roy ils preignont fines pur faire tolleraunce Sc nemye prendre leur chevaulx ne charettes Ainfi qe diverfez du people du Roy en cell noble Roialme font graundement endamagez par les ditz pernours auxibien pur le non paie-ment de le lower de des ditz chevaux & charettes- come per la graunde charge qe ils ont pur leur mangier Sc fynes faitz pur leur deliveraunce apres qils font ainfi prifez. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy par advis Sc aflent defluifditz ad ordeignez & eftabliez qe toutz tielx lettres patentz grauntez a afcune perfone ou per-fones tenauntz hoftries braferie ou meafon de retaille du vitaill ferront voidez Sc de null effedl et fi afcune tiel graunte foit graunte a afcune tiel perlone ou perfones de cy enapres qe chefcuns tielx patentz enfi grauntez loient voidez Sc de null effedl et qe null perfone ne perfones preigne ne preignent afcun chevaul ou char-rct en afcun lieu dedeins cell Roialme mes par deliveraunce du maire vifcount bailliff ou coneftable ou tiel prife ferra eue et fi afcune tiel perfone ou perfones preigne ou preignent afcun chevaul ou charette dafcune perfone ou perfones fauns aggreament fait a le pofleflour pur ceo & par la deliveraunce du maire vifcount bailif ou coneftable ou tielx prifes ferront euez qe lors il ou ils de qi ou de queux chevaux ou charret font ou eft enfi prifes & il ou ils de qi ou de queux tielx fines ou paiementz come eft devaunt reherfe font prifes eit ou aient action de trefpafs al commune ley pur tielx prifes et qe il ou ils qi enfi foy fent ou fen-tent grevez en tiel adlion recovera treble damages encountre luy ou ceulx qe ainfi preigne ou preignont af- 3 Ed. r. c. 52. cun chevaux ou charette finez ou paiementz encontrarie de ceft ordenaunce. Savant toutz jours au Roy * 21R. 2. c. 5. fes prerogatif Sc preemynence de Sc enles premiffes-	* For 21 read	zo,

cap. m.

The King’s Pardon to thofe that were Sheriffs or Clerks the laft Year before, for occupying their Places above one Year, contrary to the Statute of 23 Hen. 6. c. 8.

ITEM par advis affent Sc audiorite defuifditz ordeigne eft Sc grauntee qe les vifeounts Sc leur futh-vif- EXP.

countz Sc clerkez Sc chefcun deux qi eftoifent pur lan darrein paffe foient quietez Sc difehargez & foit-quite Sc difeharge encountre noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy Sc tout fon liege people de les penalteez Sc forfaitures de CC Ii.1 qe ceux ou afcun de ceux poient ou poet cherrer ou encurrer par force del ftatute fait lan vint tierce noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy come pur loccupation ou exercife de loffice du vifcount pluis longement qe par an par tant come a le jour profehein apres le jour de toutz almes en lan du reigne noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy qi oreft vint feptifme jufqes al fell del purification de noftre Dame donqes enfuant en lan du noftre dit foveraigne Seignur vint feptilme. Purveu toutz jours qe par ceft prefent ordenaunce ceux ne null de ceux foient excufez ou difehargez ou foit excufe ou difeharge dafcun autre of-fenfe ou chofe faite par eux ou afcun deux en leur ditz officez. Auxi purveu qe null foit amerciee pur afcune fuyte commence par luy encountre afcun perfone a recoverer la dit penaltee pur pluis longeur occupation qe par an par tant come a le your apres le dit jour de toutz almez jufqes le dit fell de la purification-de noftre Dame.

C A P. IV.

Felony for any Wel/b or Lancajhire Man to take other Men, their Goods, or Chatties, under-’

Colour of Diftrefs, where they have no Caufe. Set Appetidix.'

G A P. V.

The Penalty of the Officers of the Cuftoms, which by Colour of their Offices ffiall diftrain

any Man’s Ships or Goods.

ITEM come diverfes baillifs deleaues fercheours I “ countroullours du ferche Sc autres leurdeputees “

ITEM, Whereas divers Waterbailiffs, Searchers, Comptrollers of the Search, and other their De-

Sc fervauntz dedcins les portes de cell Roialme Sc 1 “ puties and Servants within the Ports of this Realm, I	“	and

“ and fpecially within the Ports of Fowey, Plymouth, “ Dartmouth, and Pool, by Colour of their Offices “ daily do wrongfully take, by Conftraint of Diftrefles, and Arrefts upon the Ships, Barges, Balengers, and “ other Veffels, Goods, and JVlerchandifes of the “ King's liege Merchants of this faid Pvealm, and “ among all other upon the King’s liege Merchants of “ Gafcoign, Guien, Ireland, Guernfey, and Jerfey, in “ their coming and going in the faid Ports, great “ Charges and Impofitions, that is to fay, for every “ Piece of Crefcloth iv. d. for every hundred of Can-cc vas vi. d. for tlie Weight of every Ton of Iron xii. d. “ and fometime more, and likewife of all other Goods “ and Merchants of the faid liege People, and other “ Merchandifes of the King’s Amity; (2) and by “ fuch wrongful Diftrefles, Arrefts, Charges, and Im-“ pofitions, they do difeourage the faid Merchants “ freely to come into this faid Realm, and to return, “ contrary to all Law and Confeicnce, to the great “ Prejudice of our faid Lord the King, in Lofs of his c Cuftoms and Subfidies, and to the great Damage of “ the faid Merchants and their Succelfors, unlefs due “ Remedy thereof be had in the famec (3) by Ad-‘ vice, Affent, and Authority aforefaid, it is ordained The Remedy	‘	and eftablifhed, That the faid Merchants, and their

when « Officer	‘	Succeffors, and every of them, of all fuch Injuries,

doth make any ' Diftrefles, Arrefts, Charges, and Impofitions afore Diftrefles or Ar-C recited, to be made to them, or any of them, as well reft upm any ‘ by fuch Waterbailiffs, Searchers, and Comptrollers Ships tor an un-‘ 0f the Search, as by Collectors of the faid Cuftoms aivfu C'’ule- ‘ and Subfidies, Comptrollers of the fame, Surveyors ‘	of the Cuftoms and Subfidies, and of the Search-

‘	packers, or any other Officers, or their Deputies or

‘ Servants by their Commandment, or any of them ‘	hereafter, may have thereupon a general Writ of

1	Trefpafs againft fuch Offenders, and every of them,

‘ according to the Form of the Lav/, and to recover c .againft them, and every of them thereof fo con vi cited, ‘ Forty Pounds; (4J and that the faid Merchants, ‘ their Succeffors, and every of them fo grieved as afore ‘ is faid, Ihall purfue the faid Writ of Trefpafs againft c the faid Offenders, and every of them, for fuch In-‘ juries, Diftrefles., Arrefts, Charges, and Impofitions c fo to be made as afore is faid, within two Months ‘ next after fuch Injuries, Diftrefles, Arrefts, Charges ‘ and Impofitions to be made by them, or any of them, ‘ as before is faid ; (5) and in cafe that the faid Mer-‘ chants, their Succeflors, or fome of them, do not c purfue the faid Writ of Trefpafs of fuch Injuries, ‘ Diftrefles, Arrefts, Charges, and Impofitions aforefaid, £ againft the faid Offenders, nor any of them, within ‘ the'faid two Months, that then it Ihall be lawful to

*	every other Perl’on of the King’s liege People to pur-‘ fue the faid Writ of Trefpafs of fuch Injuries, Dif-‘ treffes, Arrefts, Charges, and Impofitions, to be made ‘ a$ is aforefaid, againft all fuch Offenders, and every

*	-of them, according to the Form of the Law, and to ■* recover againft them, and every of them thereof fo ‘ eonvift, Forty Pounds, the King to have the one

half, and he or they which will purfue, the other

*	half;’

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond. en efpeciall dedeins les portes de Fowey Plym-mouth Dertmouth Sc Pole par colour de leur offices torceoufment chargeont & priegnont ore de jour en autre par durefle de deftrefies & areftes fur les niefs barges ballengers & autres veff aulx biens & merchant! fifes des lieges du Roy merchauntz de cell dit Roialme et entre toutz autres fur les lieges du dit Roy marchauntz de Gafcoigne Guyan Iriand Gernefey Sc Gerfey en lour venaunt Sc alant en les ditz portz graundz chargez Sc impofitions ceftaffa-voir pur chefcun pece de crececloth iiij.d., pur chefcun centz de canvas vj. d. pur pois de chefcun tonell de ferre xij.d. & alcunc foitz pluis Sc fem-blablement de toutz autres biens & merchaundifes de les ditz lieges Sc dautres merchauntz damitee noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy ct par tielx enjuriofez deftreflez areftes charges & impofitions empechent ies ditz merchauntz franchement a venir en cell dit Roialme et a pafler encountre toutz leyes & confidence outre toutz cuftumes & fubfidies duez a noftre dit Seignour le Roy en anientifment des fes ditz cuftumes Sc fubfidies Sc en grand damage & arrerifment de.les ditz merchauntz Si lour fucceffours finon du remedie ent ne foit eue par advis aflent & autftorite deffuifditz ordeignez eft & eftabliez qe les ditz merchauntz lour fucceilours Sc chefcun deux de toutz tiels enjuriez deftrefles areftes chargez Sc impofitions defuis recitez aftaites a eux 011 a afcun deux fibien par tielx baillifs del eaus fereheours Sc countrollours de ferche come par colleftours des ditz cuftumes K fubfidies eountrol-lours de les mefmes furveiours des cuftumes Sc fubfidies & du ferche pakkers ou afeuns autres officers lour deputees ou iervauntz par lour commaund-nient ou afeun deux enapres peuffent avoir fur ceo generall bref de trefpas encountre tielx meffaifours & chefcun deux folonc la fourme de ley S: a reepu-verer encountre ceux & chefcun deux enfi de ceo eonviftz xl. li’ & qe lez ditz merchauntz lour fue-ceffours Sc chefcun deux enfi grevez come devaunt eft dit purfueront & purfuera le dit brief de trefpas encountre les ditz meffaifours & chefcun deux de tielx enjuries diftrefles areftes charges & impofitions' ainfi affairez come devaunt eft dit dedeins deux niois profehein apres tielx enjuries dedreffes areftes charges & impofitions affaires par eux ou afcun' deux come devaunt eft dit et en cas les ditz mer-ehauntz lour fucceffours ou afcun deux ne purfuent mie le dit brief de trefpas de tielx enjuries deftrefl’es areftes charges Sc impofitions deffuifditz encountre les ditz meffaifours ne null deux dedeins les ditz deux mois qe lors il lirra a ehefcun autre perfone de les lieges du Roy a purfuer le dit brief de trefpas de tielx enjuries diftrefles areftes charges Sc impofitions affaires come devaunt eft dit encountre toutz tielx meffaifours & chefcun deux folonc la fourme de ley Sc a recoverer encountre ceux Sc chefcun de ceux enfi dent eonviftez xl. li.’ le Roy davoir ent lune moitee & il ou ilz qi purfuer vorroiet ou vox-roient .lautre moite.

Ststtdes

4

Anno vicefimo nono H*enrici VI.

A. D. 1450.

Statutes made at Weftminfler, Anno 29 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1450.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 6.

NOSTRE foveraigne Seignur le Roy Henry puis le conquelle fifme a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ en le feft de feint Leonard lan de fon reigne vint novefme del advis & afi'ent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la requeft des Communes en mefme le parlement affemblez & par laudtorite dicell ad ordeignez & eftabliez di-verfes ordenaunces & eftatutz en la fourme qe enfeute.

“ /^VUR Sovereign Lord King Henry the Sixth 0 after the Conqueft, at his Parliament holden “ >—s at JVe/iminJier in the Feaft of St. Leonard, “ the Nine and twentieth Year of his Reign, by the “ Advice and Aflent of the Lords Spiritual and Terri-“ poral, and at the Requeft of the Commons in the “ fame Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of “ the fame, hath ordained and ftablifhed divers Ordi-“ nances and Statutes in the Form which followeth/’

C A P. I.

John Cade attainted of Treafon, and his Lands, Tenements, of, given to the King, and his-

Blood corrupt. See Appendix..

CAP. II.

A Confirmation of the Statute of 2 Hen. 5. Stat. 1. c. 6. ordained againft them which break Truces and Safe Conducts, and appointing Confervators of the fame.

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliez qe le ftatute fait lan feconde du le nadgaires victorious & noble RoyE-Henry pier a noftre foveraigne Seignur le Roy qi oreft des rumpours des treuez & faufeonduites fur le haute meere & autres lieux eftoile en fa force & foit confermez adjouftant a ycell qe le Chaunceller dEngle-terre pur le temps efteant appellant a luy un des chiefz Jufticez dune Bank ou de lautre eit femblable poiar ficorne ont lez confervatours & autres commiffioners en mefme leftatute efpecifiez Sauf ou il eft con-tenuez en le dit eftatute qe ft il ou ilz fur queux complcintz ferront faitz nappiererer.t mye al certein temps ficorne i) eft la contenuz qe donqes ferroient agardez Capias & exigend’ encountre luy ou ceux fur qi ou queux il eft compleine auxibien a vifcoitnt du countee de qi ils font fuppofez deitre come al vifeount du countee ou la dite compleinte ferroiet faite ordeignez eft en ceft prefent parlement qe il foit agarde brief du Capias al vifeount de chefcun de les ditz countecz commaundant luy fur peine de cent li.’ affaire overt proclamation en cynic counteez continuelx qe la partie ou parties fur quel ou queux il eft compleine appierge ou appiergent al certein jour contenuz en mefme le brief devaunt le dit Chaunceller fi le compleinte de les premifi'es foit fait devaunt luy folonc la fourme contenuz en le dit eftatut et fi ils nappiergent mye a mefme le jour qe donqes ils foient atteintz & convi£tz al partie enfi compleignaunt de les oft’enfes en le dite compleint efpecifiez et qe la dit partie compleignaunt foit preferre davoir execution devaunt afeun fefer pur le Roy davoir en ceft partie nient obftant qe ils qi enfi ferront defaute ferront atteintz de treafon. Et ordeignez eft qe null perfone qe appiert fur afeun tiel compleint ou brief deftre agarde encurge en la peine de treafon contenuz en le dit eftatute. Purveu auxi qe fi afeune perfone encountre qel tiel brief ou proclamation ferra agardez foit hors de ceft Roialme par feete de merchaundife ou en le fervice du Roy par fon com-maundement le temps de la primer proclamation fait fur tielx briefs qe donqes mefme la perfone ne foit endamage par cefte a£te Ainfi qe il appierge perfonalmcnt devant le Roy en fa Chauncerie dedeins une mois profehein apres fon venue en ceft Roialme a refpoundre a cielx compleintz. Purveu auxi qe null pofleflour vitailler ne fetterforth dafcun nief ou vefleau qi ne ferra point partie a afeun tiel offenfe ne procurour coun-feillour ne abettour a le fait ent ne feientement ne voluntnriement refeeive ou preigne afeun partie de lez biens enfi robbez & defpoilez fur le meere foit endamagez par ceft ordenaunce. Et qe ceft ordenaunce ccm-mencera & ferra en fa force le primer jour de ceft pref.nt parlement ci nemye devaunt et endurera par cynk ans profehein enfuantz et qe null chartre du pardon en apres a gruuntiers foit allouable a afeune perfone ou perfones pur afeuns effenfez faitez contrarie du dit eftatut.

CAP. III.

All Letters Patents granted to the Citizens of York to exempt them from certain Offices, fhall be void. The Penalty of a Citizen who (hall purchafe fuch Exemption.

ITEM qe come graundez enconveniencez & damagez ont avenuz ore turd en la cite dEverwik & plu- P fours en temps avenir font femblablez de venier fi provifion ent ne foit eue par ceo qe diverfez A certeinz perfonez citezeins du dit citee ont purchafez & gaignez du noftre foveraigne Seignur le Roy feveralx lettres 'patentz eux par ent deftre exemptz de lofficez & occupations du m urane vifeoume chamberleyn collectour dez diftnes & quinfzlmez & citezcin du dit citee pur v nir as parlemebtz noftre'dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy Si fez heires deinz la dit citee. Noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy confiderant lez premillez par ad-

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

vis & aflent defuifditz ad ordeigne & eftablie qe toutz tielx lettres patentz a afcun perfone ou perfones ore citezeins du dit citee ou qi en temps avenir ferront faitez grauntez ou affaires ou a grauntieris foient voides & de null effect et outre ceo fi afcun citezein du dit citee ore eftant ou qi en temps avenir ferra purchace ad-met preigne ou gaigne afcuns tielx lettres patentz par ent deftre-.exemptez dafcun de lez officez ou occupations devauntditz deinz mefme la citee forface xl. li.’ June moite a noftre dit Seignur le Roy & lautre moitee a les maire & citezeins du dit citee & leur fucceffours & qe le maire pur le temps efteant & fez fucceffours puet & puiffent avoir & maintener adtion du dette a demaunder lez ditz xL li.’ encountre chefcunny de la dit perfon ou perfonz tielx lettres patentz dexemption purchafant admittant preignant ou gaignant June moitee de les ditz xl. li.’ ainfi recoverez deftre al oeps noftre dit Seignur le Roy & fez heirez & lautre moitee de les ditz qarant li.’ deftre al oeps del maire du dit citee pur le temps efteant & de lez citezeins de mefme la citee & leur fucceffours et qe en tielx actions du dette en apres a purfuerz lez parties defendantz ne le partie defendant cn null maner foient ne foit admis a leur ley..

Statutes

made at Reading, Anno 31 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1452.

cc A T the Parliament holden at Reading the “	/-A	Sixth	Day of March, the One and thirtieth

“ X -V Year of the Reign of our Lord King Henry “ the Sixth after the Conqueft, the fame our Lord “ the King, by the Advice and Affent of the Lords “ Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons being in “ the. faid Parliament, and by Authority of the fame “ Parliament, hath made, ordained, and ftablilhed “ divers Adis and Statutes in the Alanner and Form “ following.”

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 5.

AU parlement tenuz a P..edyng le fifme jour de Marche lan du reigne noftre Seignur le Roy Henry vjmc puis le conqueft xxxjme-mefme noftre Seignur le Roy del advis & affent des Seignurs efpirituelx h temporelx & lez Communes efteantz en le dit parlement & par audiorite de mefme le parlement fift ordeigner & eftablier divers ordenaunces & eftatutes en les maner & fourme en-fuantez.

CAP. I.

John Cade fhall be adjudged a Traitor, and all Indiftments and Adis done by his Authority

Ihall be void. See Appendix.

CAP. II.

The Penalties for thofe who fltall dilbbey the King’s Writs, Sc. or not appear before: his Council when warned by Proclamation. See. Appendix.

C A. P. III.

Attachments in the Eaft and Weft' Marches (hall be made-in Cumberlandi IVeJlmerland, Northumberland., and the down of Newcajlle only.

Rep. 4 jac. 1. TT TEM pur ceo qe come les gardeins de les marches adjoignauntez a Scotlond appellez la Eftmarche & la c-	X	Weftmarche	ount	ufes par lour miniftres afaire attachementz &; dattachier hommes par lour corps en les

countees de Northumberl’ Cumberl’ & Weftmerl’ & en la ville de Novellcaftell fur Tyne & en nullz autres lieux a refpoundre as enditemtntz prifes en les courtes appellez Warden courtes des ditz marches pur attemp-tates fuppofes eftre faitz encountre la vertue des treues deins les ditz. countes & .ville. Et ore tarde Jes miniftres & officers des ditz courtes afcun foitz pur lour fmguler lucre & afeune foitz pur malice qe eux ont portez as cer.teins perfones ount attache & preignent fur eux de. jour cn.autre dattachier diverfes & plufours perfones ben governes par lour corps fthien en le counte dEverwyk come en autres lieux hors dafcun des ditz countees de Northumberl’ Cumberl’ ou Weftmerl’ ou ville de Novellchaftell. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant les premiffes par lauftorite defuifdit ad ordeigne & eftablie qe fi afcun miniftre dafcun de les ditz courtes attache afcun perfone par fon.corps ou par fes biens hors dafcun de les ditz countees dc Northumbr’ Cumbr’ ou Weftmerl’ ou ville de Novellchaftell a refpondre en afeune de les ditz courtrs ou par colour ou caufe dafcun inanere.de prefentment prife ou apprendre en afcun deles ditz courtes qe il lirra a chefcun perfone !e quel aviendra enn deftre attache de^ fairc rcliftence & nient dobeiernull tie) attachement et fi afeune perfone foit endammage ou greve par afcun tie! attachement qil poet avoir en cell partie adfion de trefpas ou faulx emprifonement encountre ceux qi afcun-tid attachement en apres ferront ou facent affaire & en ceo a recoverer treble damages fi en afcun de les atftions le matier plede paffc ou foit adjuge pur 1c plaintif en ceo et le defendaunt davoir emprifonement de deux ans & oultre ceo appaier au Roy Cs. Et qe les juftices de peas cn lour feffions de peas vifeountes .cn lour tournes & auxi fenefchals des.letes en les letes par eux a

teniers

62

A. D. 1452. Anno tricefimo primo Henrici VI.	C.	4,	5.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

tcniers eient poiar dcnquerrer de toutz tielx attachementez faitz ou affaires hors dafcun des ditz countees de Weftmerl’ Cumbr’ ou Northumbr’ ou ville de Novellchaftell et en ceo et fur ceo a fere & proceder come eux puiffent fere & proceder fur prefentments prifes devaunt eux en leur feffions de peas tournes ou letes de trefpas ou affraies faitz encountrc la peas du Roy.

CAP. IV.

The Remedy for him who having a Safe Conduct is robbed upon the Sea.

ITEM noftre dit foverayne Seignur le Roy par auetorite defuifdit ad ordeigne &: eftablie qe ft afcun de fez fubgiettz attempt ou offende fur le meer ou en afcun port dedeins le dit Roialme foubz lobeifaunce du Roy encountre afcun perfone ou per-fones eftranges elfeantz fur le meer ou en afcun port defuifdit per voye danryte liege ou treues ou par force du laufconduyt ou faufgarde du Roy en afcun tnanere & en efpeciall cn attachant dafcun tiel effraungc perfone robbant ou defpoillant deluy de nief ou afcuns autres maners des biens ou encountre afcun autre perfone de l’on liege poeple le Chaunceller dEnglcterre pur le temps effeant come pur la deliveraunce dafcune tiel perfone hunt attache deftre ewe et con«e pur reffitution affaire a chefcun tiel perfone enfi robbe ou difpoile de nief ou biens ou de la value ent eit auetorite appellant a luy afcun des Juftices de lune ou de lautre bank fur bille ou billes du compleynt fait a luy en ceil: partie pur faire autiell proceffe hors de la dit Chauncellarie libien encountre toutz tielx offendours a les amener en la Chauncerie du Roy illeoqes a refpoundre as parties iilint grevecs en cell partie come encountre afcun autre perfone ou perfones as quelx mains afcun tiel perfone iffmt attache nief ou biens ferra ou ferrount venuz come pur deliveraunce & refti-tution par eux affaires de mefmez les perfone nief &: biens come femblera a mefme le Chaunceller pluis expedient & neceifarie. Et fur telle proceffe enii fait hors de la dit Chauncellarie le dit Chaunceller plus avant a proceder en cell matier fi le cafe enfi requiert par advis dafcun tiel Juftice de faire la perfone & perfones eftranges iffmt greves davoir pleyn deliveraunce & reftitution dafcun tiel perfone enfi attache et de toutz tielx niefs et biens et auffr de toutz leurs coftes expenfes & deperdes faitz & fuffrez par eux en ceft partie et tout maner dexe-cution fur ceo de faire hors de la dit Chauncerie en tiel fourme come femblera au dif Chaunceller plus expedient & neceflarie pur tiel deliveraunce & reftitution deftre euez appellant a luy afcun tiel Juftice come devant eft dit. Ceft acte a coramencer & prendre effedt le primer jour dc Maij lan du dit Roy xxxij.

‘ TTEM our Sovereign Lord the King, by' Autho- it H. 6. c. 3 £ A rity aforefaid hath ordained and eftablifhed, ThatlS ll- ''' c‘ s £ if any of his Subjects attempt or offend upon the20 ' c< 1 ‘ Sea, or in any Port v/ithin the faid Realm, under ‘ the King’s Obeifance, againft any Perfon or Perfons £ Strangers, being upon the Sea, or any other Port ‘ aforefaid by way of Amity, League, or Truce, or £ by Force of the King’s Safe Conduit or Safeguard ‘ in any wife, and efpecially in attaching of any fuch £ ftrange Perfon, robbing or fpoiling of him, his Ship,

‘ or any other Manner of Goods, or againft any other £ Perfon of his liege People; the Chancellor of Eng-c land for the time being (as well for the Deliverance ‘ of any fuch Perfon fo attached to be hud, as to make ‘ Reftitution to every fuch Perfon fo robbed or fpoiled 2 r-2- f.

£ of Ship or Goods, or of the Value thereof) fhall 3 Bultir. 18. £ have Authority, calling to him any of the Juftices ‘ of the one Bench or of the other, upon a Bill or Bills £ of Complaint to him made in this Behalf, to make £ fuch Procefs out of the faid Chancery, as well againft £ all fuch Offenders, to bring them into the King’s ‘ Chancery, there to anfwer to the Parties fo grieved £ in this Behalf, as againft any other Perfon or Perfonj ‘ to whofe Hands any fuch Perfon fo attached, Ship ‘ or Goods fhall come, as for the Delivery and Refti-'

‘ tution by them to be made of the fame Perfon, Ship,

£ and Goods, as fhall feem to the fame Chancellor ‘ moft expedient and neceffary. (2) And upon this £ Procefs fo made out of the faid Chancery, the faid £ Chancellor further to proceed in this Matter, if the ‘ Cafe do fo require, by Advice of any fuch juftice,

‘ to make the Perfon and Perfons Strangers fo grieved ‘ to have full Delivery and Reftitution of any fuch ‘ Perfon fo attached, and of all fuch Ships and Goods,

* and alfo of all their Cofts, Expences, and Lofl'es dif-‘ burfed and fuffered by them in this Behalf, and there-£ upon to award all Manner of Execution out of the £ faid Chancery, in fuch Sort as fhall feem to the faid ‘ Chancellor moft expedient and neceffary for fuch £ Delivery and Reftitution to be had, calling to him £ any fuch Juftice as afore is faid. This Aft to begin c and take Effect the Firft Day of AEay, the Two and £ thirtieth Year of the faid King.’

Ed. 4. c. 4.

CAP. V.

No Cuftomer, Comptroller, fhall have any Eftate certain in his Office.

ITEM qe come eftoit ordeigne par leftatute fait eh le temps du Roy Richard fecund qe null fercheour gaugeour del yyne aulnour tronour poi-four colledtour des cuftumes & fubfidies ou coun-trollour averoit eftate en fon office pur terme de vie ou terme des ans mes qe les ditz officez demurroi-ent defoubz la governaunce du Treforer dEngle-terre pur le temps efteant auxi eftoit ordeigne par Vo 1.. L

££ TTTEM, Whereas it was ordained by a Statute 17 R. 2. c. ££ made in the Timeof KingRiCHARD the Second,

££ That no Searcher, Gauger of Wines, Aulneger,

££ FindeH, Weigher, Collector of Cultoms and Sub-3 Tronoiir. ££ fidics, or Comptroller, lTia.ll have I ftatc in his Office “ for Term of Life, or for Term of Years, but that ££ the faid Officers fhall remain under the Government ££ of the Treafurer of England for the time being; (2)

L 1 11	“	and

4 H. 4.. c. 24.

0j-2r 303.

4 Lift, 112.

34 R. 2. C. 10. 17 R. 2. c. 5.

I H. 4. c. 13. 13 H. 4. c. 5.

£« liknaift 1 £/

Rjp. 33 H. 6.

C, 2,

C. 6.	Anno tricefimo primo

44 and where it was ordained by the Statute made i'n “ the Time of King Henry the Fourth, That the 44 Aulnage of Cloths within this Realm may be com-44 mitted to Ferm, or in Approvement, according to 44 the Direction of the Treafurer of England for the “ time being, as in the faid Statutes more fully is de-“ clared; (3) yet that notwithftanding divers Perfons 44 have obtained the King's Letters Patents of the faid “ Offices and Aulnage, fome for Term of Life, and 44 fome for Terms of Year, to the great Prejudice of 44 the King and of his People, and contrary tq the faid “ Statutes:” 4 (4) Our faid Lord the King confidering 4 the PremiiTes, hath ordained by the Authority afore-4 faid, That all Letters Patents made of any of the

*	faid Offices or Aulnage to any Perfori, again ft the 4 Effect of the faid Statutes, fhall be void, and of no 4 Force; (5) and that no Letters Patents of any of the ‘ faid Offices, or Aulnage, fhall be made hereafter, but ‘ by Warrant of Bill fealed by the Treafurer of Eng-4 land for the time being, fent by him into the Chan-

*	eery, as it hath been accuftomed before this Time.

4 II. And that all Letters Patents made, or to be ‘ made hereafter, of the faid Offices or Aulnage, by ‘ other Warrant than by Bill of the Treafurer, fhall ‘ he void, and- of no Effect. (2) Provided always,

4 That this Add fhall not extend, nor be prejudicial 4 nor hurtful to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, the ‘ Prince, the Duke of Buckinghain, to the inheritors

*	of Henry late Duke of Warwick, nor to the Mayor 4 and Commonalty of London, nor to the Mayor, Bai-‘ lifts, and Commonalty of the City of TVmchejler, c as to any Grant or Grants, Demife or Demifes of the ‘ Aulnage, or any Grant or Grants of any Sum or 4 Sums of Money of the Ferm of the Aulnage, to them ‘ granted, made, or confirmed, nor to any Comptrol-4 ler having, any Offices out of the King’s Ports, nor 4 to John Penycok Efquire, nor to Gyles Scindo Efquire,

4 ncr to any of the King’s or Queen’s Houfhold Ser-4 vants, of any Grant or Grants of any Office or 4 Offices to them made before this Time, with the 4 Fees and Wages of old Time due and accuftomed.’

. c. II, fee, 8. ’which puts Cvjtomers under farther Reftri&ms,

Henrici VI. A. D. 1452,

Ex Rot, in Turn. Lond. leftatut fait eh temps du Roy Henry le quart qe' launage de draps deins cell Roialme poet eftre' commis a ferme ou en approvement folonc laavys-du Treforer dEngleterre pur le temps efteant come en les ditz eftatutez plus plainement foit declare Unqore ceo nient obftant diverfez perfones ont opteignez lettres patentes du Roy des ditz offices & aulnage afeuns pur terme de vie & afeuns pur terme des ans au graunde prejudice du R.oy & du people & encouritre lez ditz eftatutez. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy confiderant les premiffes ad ordeigne per audiorite defuifdit qe toutz lettres patentes faitz dafeuri des ditz offices ou aunage al afeun perfone encountre leffectes dc les ditz eftatutez foient voides & de null force. Et qe nullz lettres patentes dafeun des ditz offices ou aunage foient faitz en apres mes par garrant de bille enfeale pair le Treforer dEngleterre pur le temps efteant en-voiez par luy en la Chauncellarie come- il ad efte accuftume devaunt cell temps-

Et qe toutz lettres patentes faitz ou affaires en apres des ditz offices ou aulnage par autre garraunt qe par bille du Treforer foient voidez & de null effedL Purveu toutz foitz qe ceft a£te nextende pas ne foit prejudiciall ne damageous a noftre fove-rayn Dame la Roigne le Prince le Due de Buk’ as enheriters de Henry jades Due de Warr’ ne as Maire & Comminalte de Loundres ne as les maire baillifs & comminalte de cite de Wyneheftre come a afeune graunte ou grauntes dimife ou dimifes del aulnage ou afeun graunte ou grauntes dafeun fomme ou fommes de money del ferme del aulnage a ceux grauntez faitz ou confermez ne a null countroller eiant afeuns offices hors du portes du Roy ne a Johan Penycok efquier a Gyles Seinclo efquier ne a afeun des mem’all fervauntes du Roy" ne fervauntez du Roigne dafeun graunte ou grauntes dafeun office ou offices fait a ceux devaunt ceft temps ove les fees & gages de launcien temps duez. & accuftumez.

CAP. VI.

The Statute of 20 Hen. 6. c. 2. touching the Forfeiture of them which be outlawed in the

County of Lancajler, made perpetual.

IT EM qe come au parlement tenuz a W eftm’ lan vintifme du Roy qoreft eftoit ordeigne par autftorite de mcfme le parlement qe mdl perfone dez lieges du Roy encountre quell lexigent ferm agarde ou utlagarie pronunce al fuyte du Roy ou al fuyte de partie en temps avenir en le counte de Lancaftre forface afeuns de fez biens ou chateux terres ou tenementes en afeun autre counte forque foulement lez biens & chateux terres ii tenementes le queux les perfones enfi outlages ou ils encountre queux tie] exigent ferra agarde en le dit counte de Lancaftre ount en mcfme le counte et par reafon dafeun tiel utlagarie al fuyte du Roy ou al fuyte dafeun autre perfone pronounce deinz le dit.counte' de Lancaftre ne foit forbarre ne difable dafeun manier daftion nc a claimer afeun manere denheritaunce hor3 de mefme le counte ne difable a purfuer afeun manier da&ion hors de mefme le counte nient obftant autiel utlagarie encountre luy pronounce come en le dit efta-tute plus plainement appiert le quell eftatute oreft expire pur caufe qil eftoit ordeigne dendurer mes pur fept ans adonqes profehein enfuantez le quel eftatute fuift profitable & neceffarie a lez lieges du Roy. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy lez premiffez confiderant par advis & affent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx en le dit parlement affemblez al requeft dez ditz Communes & par au&orite dc mefme le parlement ad ordeigne & eftablie qe le dit jadis eftatute foit en fa force & vertue Preignant effect il force a darrein jour de Marche lan de fon reigne xxx. & a ycelluy jour perpetuelment dendurer.

CAP.

C.-7,-8.	627

c A P. VII.

Fees, Wages, and Rewards due to the King’s Officers, ffiall not be compriled within the .

Statute of Refumption made in the Eight and twentieth Year of the King’s Reign.

9

■ Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond:

ITEM qe come en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le fifme jour de Novembre Ian du reigne noftre Seignur f. x !*.

le Roy vint feptifme en la£t del refumption entre autres chofes fuift ordeigne Sc eftablie par lauclorite de 35 H. 6. fr-p mefme le parlement qe il plerroit a luy de prendre refumer feifer Sc reteigner en fez maines Sc poffeffion toutz 9 f' *■ honours chaftelx Seignouries villes villages manoirs terres tenementes rentes reverfions waftes fees ferines Sc ■fervice ove toutz lour appurtenaunces en Enfteterre Gales Sc en les marches dicclles Irlond Guyfnes Caleis Sc en lez marches dicelles queux le dit Roy eufl’et graunte par fez lettres patentz ou en afeun autre manere depuis le primer jour de fon reigne et qe toutz maners des grauntez des rentes charges ou annuiteez faitz par luy del ftate denhoritaunce pur terme de vie ou terme des ans a afeun perfone ou perfones apprendres dafeuns dez premiffes ou de fez cuitumez ou fubfidie ou aulnage ou de fon hanaper ou al ou en fon receipt ou autre -ment ou en afeun autre lieu ou afeun deux ou des profittez provenaimtez deux ou dafeuns deux deins fon Roialme Irlond Gales Guyfnes Caleis &en les marches dicelles foient voidez & de null effedt come en le dit adte del refumption pluis pleineinent eft declarez. Et pur ceo qe doute& ambiguite eft eue quelle qe fees gagez regardez profittez & autres chofes fpedtanz Sc del auncien temps perteignantz as offices en les jours de •fes noble progenitours ferroient refumez reteignez en les mainez du Roy ou voides par vertue du dit act ou non pur certeine & plain declaration ent noftre Seignur le Roy al requeft de fes ditz Communes par laucto-rite defuifdit ad ordeigne qe les ditz a£te Sc ordenaunce del refumption ne foient prejudicialx as afeun des fes officers dafeuns fees gages regardes ou profittes duez ou appartcignauntez au tielx officers come fu-rent le primer jour de fon reigne ou devaunt par caufe des tielx offices ou occupations. Et qe les ditz fees gagez regsrdez Sc profittez ne foient comprifes deinz le dit a die del refumption al temps del faifance de mefme lact ne apres ne dedeins acune autre a£t ou ordenaunce fait en fon dit parlement mes qe toutz tielx gages fees regardes & profittez foient & demurrent a toutz & a chefcun tielx offices Sc occupation come ceux hrent le primer jour de fon reigne ou devaunt afeun a£te del refumption ftatute ordenaunce ou provifton ou afeun autre adte fait au contrane ou afeun doute ou ambiguits en icdl contenuz nient obftant.

CAP. VIII.

A Confirmation of a Subfidy of Wool), Woollfells, and Cloth tranfported, granted by a Statute ordained 31 Hen. 6. not printed.

IT E M qe come en cell dit prefent parlement commencez a Redyng le dit fifme jour de marche lan du EXP.

dit R.oy xxxi. Sc adjourne a Weftm’ jeques quatorfzifme jour de Feverer fueffet grauntee au dit Roy un fubfidie appelle Poundage ceftaflavoir de tout maner merchaundifez de chefcun merchaunt deynfyn ■& alien ftbien des merchauntez de Hanfze Sc Almaigne come dafeun autre merchaunt alien cariez hors de cell ■Roialme ou apportes en lc mefme par voie de merchaundife del value de chefcun xx. s. xij d. davoir a luy 'a la tierce jour dAprcll profehein venant pur terme de fa vie naturell oveqe certeyn exceptions en mefme la graunte fpecifiez par force de quell adt les fubgetts du Roy merchauntz deynfyns de cell fon reame ferroient -chargeables a paier au Roy xij d. del value de vint fouzs de tout lour draps lanuz paflant hors del mefme apres le dit iij jour dAprell qe ferroient a eux trop graunde emportable charge Sc empoverilhement del graunde partie du povere people de cell Roialme et en aventure caufe de reftreint & empedyment del utterance de tout maner drapes laynuz faitz deinz le mefme le quel caufera par procefle du temps petit drapes eftre faitz en le dit Roialme et fur ceo graunde udifte eqtre fes poveres lieges genz Sc moien de deftrudtion du fon navier et caufera fes laynez deftre de meindre value a la graunde deftrudtion de les growers de la mefme.

Et en oultre en le dit parlement le dit fifme jour de Marche fuiffet graunte au Roy un certeyn fubfidie des laynez Sc pealx lanuz ceftaflavoir de chefcun merchaunt deinfyn pur le fubfidie de chefcun fak de laync xliij. s. iiij. d. Sc de chefcun CC. xl. pealx lanuz xliij. s. iiij. d. davoir au luy pur terme de fa vie natuiell a le dit tierce jour dAprell come en ladt del graunte ent fait en mefme cefty parlement pluis plainement appiert doitnt les poverez fubgetts merchauntz del ftaple de Caleis ferroient compellez apres le dit tierce jour dAprell a paier au Roy de chefcun fak dc layne Sc de chefcun CC. xl. pealx lanuz x. s. pluis par voie dc fubfidie qe ils ount efle accuftumes a paier en afeuns jours du reigne du dit Roy quel charge eftant a eux emportable eft refemblant deftre caufe qe ils nc ferrount mye de poiar dachater ou efkipper afeun graunde quantite des laynes del croifaunce de cell Roialme deftre eues a dite eftaple dount enfueront trop exceflyf diminution Sc decreas del pris Sc valeurs des laynes & pealx lanuz de ceft Roialme Sc des graundes annuelx revenuz des cufturnes & fubfidies queux accrefcoierent au Eoi de lefkippans de tielx lay. es Sc pealx lanuz ct a la reba-taunce del paiement des gagez de les fouldiours entendantz fur le- faufgarde de ville & marches de Caleis Sc auxi les poverez growers des laynez de ceft Roialme ent trop graundement empoveriflez._ Noftre Seignur le Roy voet par lauclorite defuifdit qe chefcun marchaunte d infyn neez fon liege home deins ceft fon reame qi elkippera & cariera afeunes laynes ou peaulx lanuz a la ftaple de Caleis ou par ies ftraites de Marrok par licence du Roy pur tieux laynes Sc peaux lanuz enfi efkippes Sc a dite eftaple ou par les ditz eftraitz cariez foit quite Sc difeharge de x. s. parcell du dit fubfidie de xliij. s. iiij. d. grauntez au Roy en ceft dit prefent parlement de chefcun fak de layne Sc de chefcun CC. xl. peaulx lanuez a le dit tierce jour dAprell efpe-cifics en la dit graunte par le fpace de cynk ans adonqes profehein enfuantz. Et auxi qe chefcun dit rncr-

% L 111 2	chaunt

628

3 I nil. 60.

C. 9.	Anno	tricefimo primo He nrici VI. A. D. 1452.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ehaunt deinfzein foit quite & nient chargeable par vertue du dit graunte del fubfidie de xij. d. del value de cheleuji xx. s. de tout manier de draps lanuz par eux ou afcun de eux deftre eues hors de eeft Roialme as af-cunes parties dela le mere a le dit tierce jour par le fpaee de trois ans adonqes profehein enfuantz.

C A P. IX.

A Remedy for a Woman inforced to be bound by Statute or Obligation.

“ ¥TEM, Whereas in all Parts of this Realm di-“ X vers People of great Power, moved with unfa-“ tiable Covetoufnefs, againft all Right, Humanity, “ Integrity, and good Confeienee, have fought and 44 found new Inventions, and them continually do exe-“ cute, to the Danger, Trouble, and great abufing of 44 all Ladies, Gentlewomen, and other Women iole, 44 having any Subftance of Lands, Tenements, or other “ moveable Goods within this Reahn, perceiving their 44 great Weaknefs and Simplicity, will take them by 44 Force, or otherwife come to them, feeming to be 44 their great Friends, promifing them their faithful “ Friendlhip, and fo by great Dilfimulation, or other-44 wife, get them into their Poffefiion, conveying them 44 into fuch Places where the faid Offenders be of mo ft 44 Power; (2) and when any Women by fuch Means, 44 or by any other Means be in their Government, the “ laid evil difpofed Perfon or Perfons will not iufier “ them to go at large, and be at their Liberty, until “ that they will bind themfelves to the faid Offenders, “ or other Perfon or Perfons to theirUfe, in greatSums, 44 by Obligation or Obligations, as well 'fimple as con-“ ditional, or by Obligation or Obligations of Statute-“ merchant, made before a Mayor or Bailiff, having 44 Power to take fuch Recognilanccs.

44 II, Alfo they will many times compel them to “ be married by them, contrary to their own Likings, “ or otherwife they will levy the faid Sum or Sums on “ their Lands and Goods, and put their Perfon or Per-“ fons in Danger, to their great Damage, which hath “ been, and is like to be an univerfal Prejudice to the 44 Law of holy Church, and the Law of this Realm, “ unlefs due Remedy thereupon be provided.” 4 (2) ‘ faid Lord the King, eonfidering the Premilfes, hath 4 ordained and Itablilhed, by Authority of this prefent 4 Parliament, That in all luch Cafes aforefaid, the 4 Party bound may have a Writ out of the Chancery, ‘ containing all the Matter of their unreafonable I11-4 treaty, diredted to the Sheriff of the County where ‘ any fuch Offences were fo done, or after "fhall be ‘ done, commanding him, that he, by Force of this ‘ Writ, make Proclamation in the full County, and 4 in the next County-Court after the Receipt of the 4 faid Writ, that the Perfon or Perfons contained in ‘ the faid Writ fhall appear at a certain Day and Place 4 prefixed in the faid Writ, before the Chancellor of 4 England for the time being, or otherwife before the 4 Juftices of Affife in the Counties where the faid Of-4 fences were done, or elfe before feme other notable 4 Perfon to be afligned by the Chancellor of England 4 for the time being •, (3) at the which Day and Place,

4 if the faid Parties appear, that then the faid Chan-4 cellor of England, Juftice, or other Perfon . fo to be 4 afligned by the Chancellor for the time being, by 4 virtue of this Ordinance, dial] duly examine the faid 4 Parties upon the Prcmiffes; (4) by which Exami-4 nation, if they can find the faid Obligation or Obli-

ITEM qe come en touz parties de ceft Roialme dyvers gens de poiar moevez de infatiable co-vetyfe eneountre tout droit gentilnes verite bone confeienee ont labores & trovez novelx inventions & eux affeduoufment executes a lendaun-geraunee trouble & mavailx traiter de toutz da-mez gentilx femmes & autres femmes efteantz foulz eiantz afeune fubftaunee des terres tencmen-tes ou autres moebles biens deins ceft dit reame entsndauntz la graunte innoeeneie & fimples de eux voillent prendre ceux par force ou autrement veinent a eux refemblauntez eftre lour trefgraun-dez amis promettantz eux leur foiall amite et iffint par graunde diffimilation ou autrement gaig-nent eux en lour pcffeffion conveiauntz eux en autielx lieux ou lez ditz meffeifours fount de pluis poiar et qant afeuns femmes par tielx moiens ou par afeune autre moien font en leur governaunee la dit mavailx difpofe perfone ou perfones ne voillent fuffrer eux daler a large et eftre a leur libertee jufqes a ceo qe els voillent obliger ceux a les ditz meffaifours on autre perfone ou perfones a lour oeps en graundes fommes par obligation ou obligations fibien fymplez come conditionelx ou par obligation ou obligations deftatute merchaunt faitz devaunt maire ou baillif eiant poiar a prendre tielx reeonifauntz.

Auxi multz foitz ils voillent compeller eux deftre maries par eux contrarie a lour propre defires ou autrement ils voillent faire lever la dit fomme ou fommes de lour terres & biens & dendaunger lour perfone ou perfones a leur trefgraunde damage qe ad efle & eft femblable eftre univerfall prejudice al ley del eglife & la ley de eeft Roialme faunz ceo qe due remedie fur ceo foit purveu. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy eonfiderant les premiffez ad ordeigne & eftablie par laudtorite de ceft prefent parleinent qe en toutz tielx cafes defuilditz la par-tie oblige poet avoir brief hors del Chauneerie conteignent tout la matier de leur derefonable en-traiter diredt al vifeount del counte ou afeuns tielx offenfes feurent enft faitz ou en apres ferrount faitz commaundant luy qe il par force de eel] brief face proclamation en le plein counte en le profehein counte puis la refeeipt de le dit brief qe la perfone ou perfones conteigners en le dit brief ap-pierge ou appiergent as eerteinz jour &: lieu pre-fixez cn le dit brief devaunt le Chaunceller d£n-gleterre pur le temps efteant ou autrement devaunt les Juftices dez affife en lez ditz counteez ou les ditz offenfes furent faitz ou autrement devaunt afcun autre notable perfone daffigner par la Chaun-eeller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant as queux jour & lieu ft les ditz particz appierent qe lors le dit Chaunceller Juftice ou autre perfone enfi daF fignier par le dit Chaunceller pur le temps efteant par vertue de ceft ordenaunee face examiner due-ment les ditz parties fur ceftcz premiffez par quell

examination

Ex-Rot. in Turr. Lond. examination fils poient trover la dit obligation ou obligations ou afeun de cux eftre faitz tielment come defuis eft dit qe donqe la dit obligation ou obligations & tout procefl’e 5c execution l'ucz ou a purfuers fur ceo foient voidez 5c de null effect. Et fil foit trove par examination devaunt eux qe la dit obligation ou obligations ou afeune de eux furent faitz on ferront trovez faitz pur verraie duete 5c per null tied moien come devaunt eft dit qe donqe la dit obligation ou obligations 5c tout le procelVe 5c execution lucz ou a purfuers fur cco elloifent bonez 5c cftcctuelx. Et ill enfi foit qe la perfone ou perfones cn tielx briefs nommes ou a nommers encountre qcl ou qelx alcun tielx briefs enapres ferront fuez faccnt ou face defaulte a lez jour 5c lieu limitez en mefme le brief ou briefs qe adonqcs toutz ticl obligation ou obligations conic foient devamit efpecifiez 5c en le dit brief ou briefs expreflez Sc tout maner procelTee 5c execution fuez ou a purfuers fur ceo foient voidez et qe le vif-count ou vifeountes a queux ticl brief ou briefs fur ceft ordenaunce en apres deftre conceups ferra ou ferront diredtes face executer lez ditz briefs accor-daunt al tenure diceux fur peine de trois centz liverez dount le Roy noftre loverayn Scignur da-voir lune moite 5c lautre moite a la partie qe fucra lc dit brief de proclamation. Et qe la dit partie iftint greve poict avoir action de dette en chcfcun ticl cas encountre le dit vifeount pur la moitee dez ditz trois centz liverez iftint forfaitz ove procefie del utlagarie. Et qe la partie ou parties defendant?, cn afeun tiel aiftion de cy cn apres encountre afeun vifeount ou vifeountez a purfuers allc-gera null protection ne gaigera fa Icy ne ferra ref-ceu affaire ou pleder afeun forcin plec deftre trie en afeun autre lieu qc la le fuifdit brief -foundu fur ceft ordenaunce eft fuez.

4 gations, or any of them, fo to be made as is ‘ aforefaid, that then the (aid Obligation or Obli-4 gations, and all Procefs and Execution fued, or to 4 be purfued thereupon, (hall be void, and of no Force ‘ nor Effect. (5) And if it be found by Examination 4 before them, that the faid Obligation or Obligations,

4 or any of them, were made, or (hall be found to be ‘ made, for a true Duty, and by no fuch Means as 4 afore is faid, that then the faid Obligation or Obli-4 gations, and all the Proccfs and Execution fued,

4 or to be purfued thereupon, (hall (land good and ‘ effectual. (6) And if it be fo that the Perfon or ‘ Perfons in fuch Writs named, or to be named,

‘ againft whom any fuch * Letters or Writs hereafter* NtthOri*,

4 (hall be fued, make Default at the Day and Place 4 limited in the fame Writ or Writs, that then all 4 fuch Obligation or Obligations as be before fpeoified ‘ and declared, and in the (aid Writ or Writs expreffed,

4 declared, and l'pecified, and all Manner of Procefs 4 and Execution fued, or to be fued thereupon, (hall ‘ be void, and of no Force nor Effect; (7) and that The Forfeiture 4 the faid Sheriff or Sheriffs, to whom fuch Writ orof'.''c shtr|rt 4 Writs upon this Ordinance hereafter commenced,''	’!0t

4 fliall be directed, (hall execute the faid Writs ac-^inTs Writ of 4 cording to the Tenour of the fame, upon Pain ofi’iodamation.

4 Three hundred Pounds, whereof our Sovereign Lord 4 the King to have the one Half, and the other Half 4 to the Party which fhall Cue the faid Writ of Procla-4 mation. (8) And that the faid Party fo grieved 4 may have an Action of Debt in every fuch Cafe 4 againft the faid Sheriff, for the Half of the faid Three 4 hundred Pounds fo forfeit, with Procefs of Out-4 lawry. (9) And that the Party or Parties Defen-4 dants in any fuch Atftion hereafter to be purfued 4 againft any Sheriff or Sheriffs, fhall alledge no Pro-4 tedtion, nor (hall wage his Law, nor fhall be re-4 ceived to make or plead any foreign Plea, to be tried 4 in any other Place than there where the faid Writ 4 grounded upon this Statute is fued.’

Statutes made at Weftminfter,

Dom.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 3. ENRICUS Dei gratia Rex Anglie Sc Francie 51 Dominu.s Hibernic poft con-queftum fextus ad parliamentum fuum apud Weftm’ nono die Julii anno regni fui tricefimo tertio tentum de avifamento 5c afienfu domi-norum fpiritualium 5c temporalium ac Communi-tatis regni fui Anglie in eodem parliamento ex-iftentium nec non aueforitate ejufdem parliamenti quedarn ordinationes 5c ftatuta pro communi uci-litatc ejufdem regni fieri 5c ftabiliri fecit 5c ordi-navit in forma fequenti.

Anno 33 Hen. VI. and Anno I455*

HENRY by the Grace of God King of England and France, and Lord of Ireland, the Sixth after the Conqueft, at his Parliament 4 holden at IVeJlminfter the Ninth Day of July, the 4 Three and thirtieth Year of his Reign, by the Advice 4 and Aflcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 4 the Commons of his Realm of England, being in 4 the fame Parliament, and by Authority of the fame 4 Parliament, made and ordained certain Ordinances 4 and Statutes, for the common Wealth of the fame 4 Realm, in the Form following.”

CAP. I.

A Remedy for Executors againft Servants that imbezzle their Mafters Goods after his Death.

IN primis prefatus Dominus Rex confiderans qualiter jampridem diverfi fervientes familiares tarn dominorum quam aliarum perfonarum boni gradus cito poft mortem didtorum dominorum 6c magiftrorum fuorum bona que fuerunt ipforum do-

44 TT'IRST, Our foreftdd Lord the King, confidering^ Inrt_

44 ift how that of late Time divers Houftiold-Servants, A u ;n jj£ ? 44 as well of Lords, as of other Perfons of good Degree, See J3 H. 6.

44 ftiortly after the Death of their faid Lords and Maf- *• 7-44 ters, violently and xiotoufty have taken and fnoiled^aft'Snt* 23»

“ the'"

630 C. 1.	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Henrici	VI.	A.	D.	1455.

44 the' GooJs which were of their faid Lords and Maf-44 ters, at the Time of their Death, and the fame di-“ ftributed amongft them, to the Impediment of the 44 Execution of the Will of their faid Lords and Maf-44 ters, and to the great Difpleafure of Gon, and alfo 44 contrary to the Duty and Truth which they ought “ to have had towards their faid Lords and Mailers, 44 and to a perilous Example in Time to come, unlefs “ due Remedy in this Behalf be provided." ‘ (2)

4 Wherefore the fame Lord the King, by the Advice,

4 Aflent, and Authority aforefaid, hath ordained and * eftabJifhed, That after full Information made to the 4 Chancellor of England for the time being, by the 4 Executors of any fuch Lord or Perfon, or two of the 4 faid Executors, of fuch Riot, Taking, and Spoil 4 made, or hereafter to be made, by the Houfhold-4 Servants of their or his faid Teftator after his D; ath, c the fame Chancellor, by the Advice of the Chief ‘ Juftices of the King’s Bench, and of the Common ‘ Bench, and Chief Baron of the Exchequer for the 4 time being, or two of them, {hall have Power to 4 make fo many, and fuch Writs, to be directed to ‘ fuch Sheriffs by their Difcretion, as to them in this 4 Behalf {hall feem neceffary, to make open Procla-4 mation in fuch Cities, Boroughs, Towns, or Places, 4 two Market-Days within Twelve Days next after 11 the Delivery of the fame Writs, as to the faneChan-4 cellor, by the Advice aforefaid, fhall feem reafon-‘ able, That the faid Offenders fhall appear before 4 the fame our Lord the King, or his Heirs, in his 4 Bench, at fuch a Day as by the faid Writ fhall be 4 limited, fo that the faid laft Proclamation be made by 4 Fifteen Days before the fame Day of Appearance; ‘ (3) and if any fuch Writ be returned at the Day con-4 tained in the faid Writ, and the Writ be executed, 4 that Proclamation is thereupon had and made oc-4 cording to the faid Ordinance, and then if the faid ‘ Perfon or Perfons, which fhould appear by reafon 4 of the faid Proclamation, make Default at the Day 4 fpecified in the faid Writ, and do not appear, then 4 he or they fo making Default fhall be attainted of 4 Felony.’

4 II. And if any fuch Perfons or Perfon do appear 4 at the fame Day, then the Juftices of the faid King’s 4 Bench fhall have Power, by the faid Ordinance, to 4 commit fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo appearing, to 4 Prifon, there to remain according to the faid Juftices 4 Difcretion, until the faid Offenders in the faid Bench 4 do anfwer to the faid Executors in fuch Actions, 4 which the faid Executors will declare againft them, 4 or any of them, by Bill or by Writ, for the Riot, 4 taking, and fpoiling aforefaid, and that the fame 4 Actions be determined , (2) fo that the fame Actions 4 be purfued with Effect, and not Hackly, to the In-4 tent to keep the fame Perfon or Perfons in Prifon.’

A Gaoler's For- ‘ HI. And if fuch Perfons or Perfon be fet at Li-!; for kt*'ns 4 ber:y out of Prifon by the faid Juftices, that then the Aer committed ‘ fame Perfons or Perfon fliall find fuflicient Perfons to hts Cuftody 4 to be bounden with them to the faid Executors, by bj Force of this 4 way of Recognifance in the faid Bench, by Difcre-hutute.	4	tion of the J ullices, to keep fuch Days as he or they

4 fhall have by the fame Court; (2} and if the Keepers

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond. minorum A magiftrorum tempore mortis eorun-dem violenter A riotofe ceperunt difpoliaverunt A ea inter fe diftribuerunt in executionis voluntatis didtorum dominorum A magiftrorum fuorum im-pedimentum ac gravem Dei difplicentiam nec non contra fidem A veritatem quas ipfi penes dominos A magiftros fuos habere debuiflent exemplumque impofterumvaidepericulofumnifi debituminea parte provideatur remedium. Quamobrem idemdomi-nus Rex dc avifamento affenfu A auctoritate predicts ordinavit & ftabilivit quod poft plenam informa-tionenr Cancellario Anglie pro tempore exiftenti per executores aliquorum hujufmodi dominorum five perfone aut duos eorundem executorum fac-tam de aliqua hujufmodi riota captura A difpolia-tione fact is aut impofterum faciendis per fami-liares fervientes didti teftatoris fui poll mortem fuam idem Cancellarius de avifamento Capita-lium Jufticiariorum de Banco ipfius Domini Regis A de communi Banco ac Capitalis Baronis Scac-carii pro tempore exiftentis aut duorum eorum ha-beat poteftatem faciendi tot & talia brevia diri-genda talibus vicecornitibus per eorum diferetionem quot & qualia eis in ea parte videbuntur neceffa-ria ad faciend’ publicam proclamationem in talibus civitatibus burgis five villis duobus diebus merca-toriis infra duodecim dies prox’ poft deliberationem eorundem brevium quibus .idem Cancellario de avifamento pedidto videbitur ratipnabile quod didti malefadtores compareant coram ipfo Domino Rege feu heredibus fuis in Banco fuo ad talem diem qua-lis per didtum breve erit limitatus fie quod didia ultima proclamatio per quindecim dies ante eun-dem diem apparitionis fiat. Et fi aliquod hujufmodi breve retornatum fit ad diem in eodem brevi contentum & breve fit executum quod proclamatio fuperinde habita A fadta ordinationi predicte con-cordans exiftat et tunc ft didte perfone vel perfona que comparerent vel compareret ratione didte pro-clamationis ad diem in didto brevi fpecificatum defaltam faciant vel faciat A con compareant vel non compareat ipfe vel ipfa defaltam 11c facientes vel faciens fint vel fit attindt’ de felonia.

Ft fi hujufmodi perfone vel perfona ad talem diem compareant vel compareat tunc Jufticiatii de didto Banco Domini Regis habeant poteftatem per ordinationem predidtam committendi talem per-fonam vel perfonas fie comparentem vel compa-rentes prifone ibidem juxta diferetionem didtorum Jufticiariorum moratur’ quoufque didti malefadtores in banco predidto prefatis executoribus refpon-deant in talibus adtionibus quales didti executores verfus ipfos feu aliquem ipforum per billam vel per breve pro riota captura A difpoliatione pre-didtis declarare volunt et quod eedem adtiones fint determinate Ita quod adtiones predidte profequan-tur cum effedtu A non remilfe ea intentione ad didtas perfonas vel perfona.m in prifona cufto-diend’.

Et fi hujufmodi perfone vel perfona extra pri-fonam per didtos Juiticiarios fuerint vel fuerit elar-gat’ quod tunc eedem perfone vel perfona inveniant vel inveniat fufticientcs perfonas fecum obligandas prefatis executoribus per viam recognitionis in didto Banco per difcretionemjuftitiariornm ad cuftodiend’ tales dies quales ipfa vel ipfe habebit vel habebunt

per

C. 2.

631

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lend, per eandem Curiam. Et fi cuftodes prifone ubi diTe perfone vel perfona committentur vel com-mittetur ipfas extra prifonam auToritate fua propria abfque confideratione & ordinatione diTorum Jufticiariorum elargaverint tunc diftus cuftos qua-dringentas libras prefatis executoribus forisfaciat & perdat et quod nulla proteTio in aliqua a£Uone fuper ordinatione prediTa capienda allocetur.

‘ of the Prifon, whereunto the faid Perfon or Perfons ‘ be committed, do let them go at large out of the Pri-c fon of his own Authority, without the Confidera-‘ tion and Order of the faid Juftices, then the faid ‘ Keeper fhall forfeit and lofe Forty [four hundred] ‘ Pounds to the faid Executors? (3/and that no Pro-‘ teTion be allowed in any Adtion to be taken upon the ‘ faid Ordinance.’

CAP. II.

Jurors in an- Indictment in the County Palatine of Lancafler. Of a Foreigner dwelling in

another County.

ITEM pro eo quod humiles h fideles ligei & fubditi regii infra comitatum palatinum Lan-eaftrie inh'abitantes fervitium Domino Regi impen-furi funt & cunTis temporibus fuerunt parati ac etiam fibi & progenitoribus fuis impenderunt tain in regno Anglie quam in Scotia brancia & aliis partibus ac fub legibus regiis gubernati & non per eafdem aliter quam alii ligei regii extra diTurn comitatum in regno prediclo inhabitantes dampni-ficati quoufque jam noviter per quendam adtum ad ultimum parliamentum apud Redyng tentum extiterit ordinatum quod nulle perfone ligeorurn didli domini regis contra quas aliquod exigendum effet adjudicatum aut utlagariapronunciata adfedtam Regis vel ad fedtam partis in didto comitatu forif-facerent aliqua bona five catalla terras & tene-menta in aliquo alio comitatu fet folummodo bona & catalla terras & tenementa que perfone fic utlagate aut ipfe contra quas hujufmodi exigend’ adjudicarentur in didlo comitatu habent in eodem comitatu Lancaftrie ac ratione aticujus hujufmodi uttagarie ad fedtam Regis & ad fediam alicujus al-terius perfone pronunciate infra eundem comitatum non elfent barrate neque inhabilitate de qua-cunquc adlione neque ad clamand’ qualemcunque hereditatem extra eundem comitatum nec inhabilitate ad profequend’ quameunque adlionem [neque ad clamand’ qualemcunque hereditatem extra eundem comitatum nec inhabilitate ad profequend’ quameunque adtionem extra eundem comitatum] non obftante hujufmodi utlagaria contra ipfas pro-nunciata prout in eodem aTu plenius apparet.

Ac ratione ejufdem adtus fi aliquis forinfecus in didfum comitatum palatinum veniret & aliquem ligeorurn domini Regis interficeret aut aliter aliquant proditionem murdrum raptum roberiam feu aliquam aliam feloniam five tranfgreffionem per-petraret five aliquem contradtum faceret vel aliquam aliam ofienfam committeret infra didfum comitatum Lancaftrie quod tunc ipfe nuilam aliam punitionem neque forisfadfcuram in hac parte ha-beret nifi folummodo de hujufmodi bonis que hujufmodi forinfeci tales horribiles offenfas perpe-trantes & committentes infra diclum comitatum palatinum habent qui pro majori parte nichil infra eundem comitatum habent qua de caufa didtis fo-rinfecis feientibus nullum periculutn punitionem neque deperditum bonorum in lege ad refrenan-dum five reftringendum ipfos de hujufmodi pro-ditionibus murdris & feloniis eos talia perpetrare infra didtum comitatum caufat & indies audaciam prebet contra leges coronam & dignitatem regias

“ ITEM, Becaufe that the humble and faithful liege A Rehcarfa! of “ JL People of the King, his SubjeTs inhabiting with-th ’ Statute of “ in the County Palatine of Lancajier, to do the King^°

“ Service be and at all Times were ready, and have tj,at\he'y ^’ch “ done to him and his Progenitors, as well in the Realm be outlawed in “ of England, as in the Realm of Scotland, France, and the County of “ other Parts, and have been governed by the K ing’s “ Laws, and not damnified by the fame, otherwife^^]^

“ than other of the King’s liege People inhabiting in they have in “ the Realm of England out of the fame County, until other Counties. “ now of late by a certain Statute at the laft Parlia- Oil- ifinUfc. “ ment holden at Reading, it was ordained and efta-Sw 23 T 6‘

“ blifhed, That none of the King’s lieg.e People, againftc' 7' a ncnw “ whom any Exigent fhould be awarded, or Ouclagary cc pronounced at the Suit of the King or of the Party “ in the faid County, lhould forfeit any Goods or “ Chatties, Lands or Tenements in any County, but “ only the Goods and Chatties, Lands and Tenements,

“ which the Perfons fo outlawed, or they againft whom “ any fuch Exigent in the faid County fhould be award-“ ed, have in the fame County of Lancajier, and by “ Reafon of any fuch Outlagary at the Suit of the-“ King, or at the Suit of the Party, pronounced with-“ in the fame County, fhould not be barred or difabled “ of any Manner of ATion, nor to claim any Manner “ Inheritance out of the fame County, notwithftanding “ any Outlawry againft them pronounced, as in the “ fame AT doth more plainly appear.

cc II. And by Reafon of the fame AT, if any Fo-“ reigner fhould come into the faid County Palatine,

“ and fhould flay any of the liege People of our Lord “ the King, or fhould commit any Treafon, Murder,.

“ Rape, Robbery, or other Felony or Trefpafs, or “ make any ContraT, or do any other Offence within “ the faid County of Lancajier, jhat then he fhould “ have no other Punifhment nor Forfeiture in this Be-“ half, but only of fuch Goods which fuch Foreigners,

“ doing and committing fuch horrible Offences, have “ within the faid County Palatine, which for the moft “ Part have nothing within the fame County; for which “ Caufe die Lid Foreigners, knowing no Peril, Pu-Thelnconveni-“ nifhment, nor Lofs of Goods in the Law, to re- “cl.es “ frain or reftrain them of fuch Treafons, Murders, ^

“ and Felonies, be the more encouraged daily to com-Cl 6.

“ mit the fame within the faid County, and giveth them “ Audacity daily to offend againft the Laws of the “ King, his Crown and Dignity, and alfo in Reftraint “ of the King’s Laws, to the great Lofs and final De-

“ ftrudlion

632 C. 2^	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Henrici	VI.	A.	D.	1455.

‘£ ftruClion of the faid liege People and Subjects in the faid County Palatine.” ‘ (2) Wherefore the fore-‘ faid Lord the King confidering the Premiffes, by the

*	Advice, Aflent, and Authority aforefaid, hath will-A Rcpt.il of the t cd, granted, and eftablifhed, That the Adi before afore aid Statute. 4 rehearfed and made at the faid laft Parliament holdcn

‘ at Reading, lb all be adnulled, void, and Hand in no ‘ Force.	{3J	And further, for the Confervation,

‘ Tranquillity, Quietnefs, and Peace of all his liege ‘ People, as well within the faid County Palatine, as ‘ of other his liege People out of the faid County with-‘ in the Realm of England, the fame Lord the King,

‘ by Authority aforefaid, hath granted, ordained, and ‘ ilablifhed, That every Indictment hereafter to be 4 taken before any of the King’s Juftices in the faid ‘ County Palatine of Lancajler, or before any Sheriff 1 in his Tourn in the faid County, whereby any Per-4 fon or Perfons be fuppofed by the fame Indictment to 4 be or to have heen inhabiting or converfant out of 4 the faid County of Lancaftcr, and within any other ‘ County within the Realm of England, ihall be taken ‘ and had by the Vcrdidt of Twelve Men, whereof ‘ every of them, or fome other Perfon or Perfons to ‘ their Ulc, within the fame County of Lancajler,

*	Ihall have to the yearly Value of an Hundred Shil-

Sofe'JurorsitC	*	^nSs- (4) And no Proccfs	fliall be made	out of

mull lie, who	c	any fuch	Indictment, before	it be duly inquired and

sliuil iiidiet in ‘ examined before the King’s Juftices within the faid

'' County of Lancajler for the time being, whether the reigner dwelling ‘ faid Indictors, and every of them, at the Time of ‘ fuch Indictment fo taken, had Lands and Tenements ‘ within the faid County of Lancajler to the yearly Va-4 lue of an Hundred Shillings above all Charges. (5)

4 And if it be found by Examination of the faid Juf-‘ tices for the time being within the faid County,

*	that the	faid IndiCtors, and	every of them,	at the

4	Time of	fuch Indictment fo	taken, had not	Lands

‘ and Tenements to the yearly Value aforefaid, that 4 then the fame Indictments, as to fuch Perfons fo ‘ indiCtcd fuppofed by the faid Indictments to he inha-‘ biting and converfant out of the faid County of Lan-

Ofwhat Eftate < caflcr, fliall be void and of no EffeCt. (6) And alfo bc° \ih^ihalMn-* the fame Lord the King, of the Advice and Autho-aici in another ‘ rity aforefaid, hath granted, ordained, and eftablifhed, (bn°d\™ilin» \'nT~ ‘ That every Indictment from henceforth to betaken the County°of ‘ within any County of the faid Realm, and out of hjr.cejlcr, e the faid County of Lancajler, before any Juftice, or

*	the Sheriff in his Tourn, whereby any Perfon or ‘ Perfons fuppofed by the fame Indictment to be or ‘ to have been converfant or inhabiting within the faid 1 County of Lancajler, and without fuch County 4 where fuch Indictments ihall happen to be taken, 4 fnall betaken by Verdict of Twelve Men, whereof ‘ every of them, or fome other Perfon or Perfons to 4 their Ufe, fhall have Lands and Tenements within 4 the fame County where the faid Indictments fhall be 4 taken, to the yearly Value of an Hundred Shillings.

4 (7) And that no Procefs be made out of any fuch 4 Indictments before it be duly examined and inquired 4 before the King’s Juftices, having Power to award 4 any Proccfs upon fuch Indictments, whether the faid

in another County.

Ex Rrj. in Turr. Lond. in ea parte ac etiamin reftriCtione legum dicti Domini Regis ad grave dampnum ac finalem deltruc-tionem diCtorum fubditorum nec non ligeorum in comitatu palatino prediCto. Quapropter prefatus Dominus Rex premifia confiderans de avifamento affenfu & auCtoritate predictis voluit concefllt or-dinavit & flabilivit quod dictus aCtus fuperius re-citatus & ad diCtum ultimum parliamentum apud Redyng editus adnulletur vacuetur & nullius vi-goris exiftat. Et ulterius pro confervatione tran-quillitate quiete & pace omnium ligeorum fuorum tarn infra diCtum comitatum palatinum quam alio-rum ligeorum fuorum extra comitatum predictum infra regnum Anglic idem Dominus Rex auCtoritate predicta conceint ordinavit Si flabilivit quod quodlibet indictamentum tempore futuro capien-dum coram aliquo Juftitiario diCti Domini Regis infra diCtum comitatum palatinum Lancaftrie aut coram aliquo vicecomite in turno fuo in comitatu prediCto per quod aliqua perfona vel perfone fup-pofit’ per idem indiCtamentum effe vel fuiffe inha-bitan’ five converfan’ extra dictum comitatum Lan-caflrie & infra aliquem alium comitatum infra regnum Anglic capietur & habebitur per verediCtum duodecim virorum quolibet eorum babente terras & tenementa aut aliqua alia perfona vel perfonis ad corum ufum infra eundem comitatum Lancaftrie ad annuum valorem centum folidorum.' Et nullus proceflus fiet extra aliquod hujufmodi indictamentum antequam debite inquiratur & examinetur coram Juftitiariis diCti Domini Regi$ infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie pro tempore exiftentibus utrum prediCti indiCtatores Si eorum quilibet tempore hujufmodi indiCtamenti terras h tenementa infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie ad annuum valorem centum folidorum ultra omnia onera ha-buerunt & babuit. Et fi inveniatur per examina-tionem diCtorum Juftitiariorum pro tempore exif-tentium infra diCtum comitatum quod indiCtatores prediCti Si eorum quilibet tempore hujufmodi in-dictamend fic capti terras Si tenementa ad annuum valorem fupraaiclum non habuerunt quod tunc idem indictamentum quoad hujufmodi perfonain vel perfonas fic indiClat’ fuppofit’ per diCta indicta-inenta efle inhabitant’ vel converfant’ extra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie vacuum & nullius ef-fcCtus exiftat, Ac etiam idem Dominus Rex de avifamento Sc auCtoritate prediClis veluit conceflit ordinavit Si flabilivit qitod quodlibet indictamentum tempore futuro capiendum infra aliquem comitatum diCti regni fui Si extra diCtum comitatum Lancaftrie coram aliquo juftitiario vel vicecomite in turno fuo per quod aliqua perfona vel perfone fuppofit’ per idem indictamentum effe vel fuiffe in-habitan’ vel converfan’ infra diCtum comitatum Lancaftrie Si extra talem comitatum ubi hujufmodi indiCtamenta capi contigerint capietur per verediCtum duodecim virorum quolibet eorum ha-bente terras & tenementa aut aliqua alia perfona vel perfonis ad eorum ufum infra eundem comitatum ubi indiCtamenta prediCta capiuntur ad annuum valorem centum folidorum. Et quod nullus proceflus fiet extra aliqua hujufmodi indiCtamenta antequam debite examinetur Si inquiratur corain Juftitiariis ipfius Domini Regis habentibus po-teftatem adjudicandi aliquem proceflum fuper hu-2	jufmodi

Ex Rot. in Turr, Lond. jufmodi .indidtamcnta utrum indictatores predidti & eorum quilibct tempore hujufmodi indidtamen-torum captorum habuerunt terras & tenementa aut aliqua alia perfona vel perfone ad eorum ufum ad annuum valorem centum folidorum infra eundem comitatum ultra omnia onera ubi hujufmodi indic-tamenta capi contingunt. Et fi inveniatur coram Domino Rege vel coram aliquo juftitiariorum fuo-rum quod didti indidiatores aut aliquis ipforum tempore hujufmodi indidlamenti fic capti non habuerunt vel non habuit nec aliquis ad eorum ufum habuit terras & tenementa ad valorem centum folidorum per annum quod tunc indidtamen-tum predidtum quoad aliquam hujufmodi aliam perfonam vel perfonas fuppofit’ per hujufmodi in-dictament’ e(Te vel fuifle inhabitant’ five conver-fant’ infra didtum comitatum Lancaftrie vacuum & nullius effect us exiftat.

* Indidtors, and every of them, at the Time of fuch 4 Indictments taken, or any other Perfon or Perfons 4 to their Ufc, had any Lands or Tenements to the 4 yearly Value of an Hundred Shillings within the fame 4 County, above all Charges, where fuch Indictments 4 happen to be taken. (8) Anlifitbe found before 4 our Lord the King, or any of his Jultices, that 4 the faid Indidtors, or any of them, had not at the 4 Time of fuch Indidtments taken, nor that none 4 other to their Ufe, had Lands and Tenements to the 4 Value of an Hundred Shillings by Year, that -then 4 the faid Tndidtment, as to any fuch Perfon or Perfons 4 fuppofed by the fame Indidtment to be or to have 4 been inhabiting or converfant within the faid County 4 of Lancajier, fnall be void and of no Effect.’

633

CAP. III.

A Remedy for fevera! Extortions committed by the Officers of the Exchequer. See Appendix.

CAP. IV.

No Perfon brewing Ale or Beer in Kent to be fold, fhall, during five Years, make above an Hundred Quarters of Malt to his own Ufe. See Appendix.

C A P. V.

No wrought Silk belonging to the Myftery of Silkwomen fhall be brought into this Realm by

the Way of Merchandife, during five Years.

CAP. VI.

Certain Privileges granted to the Abbot of Fountain in the County of York. See Appendix.

CAP. VII.

How many Attornies may be in Norfolk, how many in Suffolk, and in Norwich.

attornati yel plures exiftunt majore parte ipforum non habente aliquod aliud vivere fet folummodo lucrum private froftts. luum per didtam occupationem attornat’ Ac etiam majore parte ipforum non exifiente de fufficienti fei-entia eflendi attornat’ qui ad unamquamque feriam mercatum & alia loca ubi populi congregatio exiftit declinant populuni exortantes procurantes moventes & excitantes ad fedtas minus veras fedtas forin-fecas fectas pro parvis tranfgreflionibus parvis offenfis & parvis fummis de debito capiendis quorum adtiones funt triabiles & determinabiles in curiis baronum unde quamplures fedte potius ex mala voluntate & ma-Iitia quam ex rei ,veritate procedunt in didtorum inhabitantium civitatis & comitatuum predidtorum vexa-tionem multipliccm dampnaque non modica necnon omnium curiarum baronum in didlis comitatibus dimi-nutionem perpetuam nifi de remedio in hac parte congruo provideatur, Prefatus Dominus Rex premifla There fhall le confiderans de avifamento aflenfu & audtoritate predidtis ordinavit & flabilivit quod totis temporibus futu-ris fint nifi fex communes attornati in didto comitatu Norffolcie & fex communes attornat) in didto comitatu^ " n SufFoIcie & duo communes attornati in didta civitate Norwici fore attornat’ in cur’ derecordo & quod omnes s^ft/and two predidti quatuordccim attornati fint eledti & adrniiTi per duos Capitales Ju-ftitiarios Domini Regis pro tem- in Norwich. pore cxiftentes de magis fufficientibus & optime inftrudiis juxta diferetiones fuas et quod eledtio & admillio omnium attornatorum qui erunt eledli & admifli per didtos Juftitiarios pro tempore exiftentes ultra didtum numerum in comitatibus predidtis fint vacue & de nulla adtoritate neque recordo et fi fit aliqua perfona Juftices of Peace vel perfone que prefumit vel prefumunt aut ufurpant vd ufurpat fuper ipfas fore attomatos in curiis de re- [hereto in'1"

cordo1 ?rl y

Vo l. I>

Mmmm

9 quire of OfTcnJ-

<6’-3'4'1 C. i.	Anno	tricefimo	nono Henrici VI. A. D. 1460.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

cordo in didiis comitatibus vel civitate aliter quam fupcrius fpecificatur & hoc fic invento per mquifitionem captam coram Juftitiariis pads in didtis civitate five comitatibus qui virtute iftius ordinationis poteftatem in-quirendi inde in feffionibus fuis habebunt aut aliquo alio modo legittime probato quod tunc ipfa vel ipfe Tl.c Toifcitme quo fic prefumit vel prefumunt fi ipfa inde legittime fit convict’ forisfaciat viginti libras totiens quotiens ot offenders. jpfa ve] ipfe fit vel fint convidt’ unam medietatem inde capiend’ ad ufum Domini Regis & alteram medicta-tem ad ufum iplius qui proinde profequivelit & quod ipfe qui proinde profequi velit poffit habere adtionem de debito verfus aliquam talem perfonam que fic prefumit fore attornat’ ac tales procefllim & recupera-tionem in eadem quales jacent in adtione de debito ad communem legem fuper obligatione. Provifo fem-Qu ifinUfc? Per quod ordiiaatio prcdidta incipiat Sc primo fumat efFedtum ad feftum Pafche proximo futurum & noil Kell. Ear. ;9. c.ante fi prdinatio ilia Juftitiariis videatur rationabilis.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 39 Hen. VI. and Anno

Dom. 1460.

p a1 "^Q the Honour of Almighty God, and the Reverence of holy Church, for to nourifti Peace, Unity, “	y	and Concord in all Parts within this Realm of England, and for the Relief and Suftentation of our

“ ■ JL	Lord the King, and of this his Realm, the fame our Sovereign Lord King Henry the Sixth after

the Conqueft, at his High Court of Parliament holden at Wejlminjler upon the Seventh Day of the Month “ of October, the Nine and thirtieth Year of his noble and gracious Reign, by the Advice and AfTeut of his “ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and at the fpecial Requelt of the Commons of his faid Realm, afiembled “ in the fame Parliament, and by the Authority of the fame Parliament, hath ordained thefe Things under-“ written.”

CAP. I.

The Parliament holden at Coventry 20 die Novembris, Anno 37 Hen. 6. repealed, and all Adis, Statutes, &c. made by Authority of the fame, reverfed.

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. m. 1.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le feptifn e. jour de Odfobr’ lan du reigne du Roi Henry puis le conqueft lifinc xxxixe monftre fuift par les Communes en icell parlement affemblez qe come diverfez fediti-oufez & mavailx difpofez perfonez nulle regarde eiantz a paour Dieu ne al damage del profperous eftate du-dit Roy ne fon reame fenelbrement & emportunemcnt laboroient le dit Roi de fommoner une parlement a teniers a fa'citee de Coventre le vintifme jour deNovembre lan de fon reigne trent feptifme tantfoulement a deftroier certeins des graundes noblez foialx' & loialx Seignurs & eftates du fang roiall & autres del foiall liege people du dit Roialme pur les graundes rancour haite & malice qe lez ditz feditioufez perfones de longe temps avoient contre ceux et leur infatiable covetyfe davoir les terres enheritamentez polTeflions offices & biens des ditz Seignurs & foialx lieges par quel labour .certeins adfes ftatutes & ordenances contre tout bone foye & confcience en le dit parlement furent faitz a deftroier linalment lez ditz loialx Seignurs eftates & liege poeple h lour iifuez fibien innocentez come autres & lour heirs pur toutz jours quel parlement fuift nonduement fommonez & graunde part de lez chivalers pur diverfez counteez cefty Roialme & plufours citezeins & burgeifez pur diverfez citeez & burghs en icell apparantz furent nommez retournez & acceptez afcuns deux faunz due & frank eledlion afeuns deux faunz null election encountre le cours des loies du Roi S: les liberties des Communes du dit Roialme par lez moyns & labours lez ditz fedicioufez perfones paront plufours graundes jeopardies & enconveniencez bien pres al ruyne & univerlall fubverfion le Roialme avant-dit ount enfuez. Noftre dit Seignur It Roi les premiftes confiderant & qe lez ditz Seignurs eftates & autres fez lieges envers queux lez ditz a£tez eftatutez Sc ordeignementz furent faitz ount toutz jours euez graunde Sc foial amour au preferrement & fuerte le bien valoir de fa perfone roiall leur duete accordant et qe poie des aifes 011 ordenauncez en le dit parlement tenuz a Coventre eftoient faitz pur le bien du Roi ne du dit Roialme mes la greindre part de les adbes ftatutes Sc ordenauncez en icell faitez fuift laboree par le confpire-ment procurement & excitement lez ditz mavailx difpofez perfones pur lentroduiftion & accompliftirnent de lour rancour Sc enordynate covetyfe ad par ladvis & alfent des Seignurs efpirituelx & temporelx en le dit par-Icment aflemblez al requeft des ditz Communes & par laudborite mefme le parlement ordeigne^& eftablie qe le dit parlement tenuz au dit citee de Coventre foit voide Sc tenuz pur null parlement. Et qe toutz sdte-s ftatutes Sc ordenaunces par laudforite del mefme faitz foient reverfez adnuliez caflcz irritez repellez revcqes voidez Sc de null force neffedte.

I

CAP.

A. D. 1460. Anno triceftmo none Henric* VI. • C, 2.	63.5

cap. 11.

A Woman at Fourteen Years of Age at the Death of her Anceftor fhall have Livery

of her Land,

Ex Rot, in Turn, Lond,

ITEM de avifamento afienfu & aucloritate predicts ordinatum eft & ftabilitum quod mulieres exiftentes	^

etatis quatuordecim annorum tempore mortis antecelTorum fuorum abfque queftione feu difftcultate habe- Bro,’Liretj-, ’ ant liberationem terrarum Si tenementorum fuorum fibi defeenforum quia fie lex iftius terre vult quod tuners, ipfe haberent.

Thus end the Statutes of King Henry the Sixth.



End of the FIRST VOLUME.

Cleaned & Oiled

A\ ril I no